Energy drinks are a billion-dollar industry. Unfortunately, not all of these beverages are created equal. In fact, many of them are downright unhealthy, and contain anywhere from 200 to 400 milligrams of caffeine as well as between 30 to 50 grams of sugar per serving. Sure, all that sugar and caffeine will help wake you up, but it won't actually improve your brain function or performance. However, the Neurohacker Collective, one of the most respected names in the nootropics industry, is about to change all that. They’ve taken their premium, scientifically proven brain-boosting supplements and used them to create Qualia Nootropic Energy, the world’s first true smart drink. With just four grams of sugar and the amount of caffeine you’d get in a small cup of coffee, each two-ounce Qualia Nootropic Energy shot is packed with nine researched-backed nootropics, plus three additional ingredients that promote overall health. The end result is clean, long-lasting energy that helps foster focus and motivation. Saffron is a spice derived from the flowers of the Crocus sativus plant. It’s been used as a spice for at least 4,000 years and is considered the world’s most costly spice by weight. A wide body of research indicates a multitude of diverse health benefits from saffron beyond mental performance. However, when it comes to cognition, there is evidence that saffron supports mood, protects against cognitive impairment, and promotes focus and attention. Celastrus paniculatus, commonly known as “intellect plant,” is a climbing shrub found throughout the Himalayan highlands of northern India. It has been used as an herb in ayurvedic medicine for thousands of years for its nootropic and neuroprotective effects. Studies show it has the ability to increase the number of lipids and phospholipids in the brain, reduce depression, and protect neurons against glutamate-induced toxicity. L-theanine is an amino acid analog of glutamate and glutamine found in green tea derived from the Camellia Sinensis plant. Studies indicate that L-theanine increases alpha brain waves, in turn promoting attention and relaxation without sedation. It can also modulate the release of dopamine, thus improving mood. Alpha-glycerophosphocholine, better known as alpha GPC, is a compound made of choline and glycerophosphate, which have strong neuroprotective effects. Alpha GPC has been shown to increase neural membrane integrity, and is the most effective cholinergic at increasing choline levels in the brain. Coffeeberry is a trademarked and standardized ingredient derived from organic coffee fruits, often called coffee cherries. Coffee plants produce fruits surrounding the hard seed or “bean” from which coffee is made. Coffee cherries are high in polyphenols, and like coffee beans, they also contain caffeine. Many studies indicate coffeeberry’s role in supporting cognitive performance, executive function, task switching, information processing, reasoning, and creative thinking. N-Acetyl-L-Tyrosine is an acetylated form of the amino acid L-Tyrosine. It has a number of nootropic effects, including increased attention, motivation, concentration, memory, and learning. Studies indicate it has the ability to increase the synthesis of noradrenaline from dopamine and balance levels of serotonin and GABA, increase the bioavailability of tyrosine, and reduce the effects of environmental stress. Panax quinquefolius, commonly known as American ginseng, is a plant native to forested regions of North America. Cereboost is a trademarked and standardized American ginseng extract that has been clinically studied on humans. Studies indicate that it enhances working memory and attention while promoting calmness, as well as supporting learning and working memory. It has also been shown to support neurogenesis and has neuroprotective effects. NooLVL is a trademarked inositol-enhanced bonded arginine silicate. It has been shown in studies to upregulate dopamine release, support neurotransmitter signaling, and support performance in complex cognitive tests requiring mental flexibility, processing speed, and executive function. Alpinia galanga is a plant native to southeast Asia, and EnXtra is a trademarked and standardized alpinia galanga rhizome extract. ExXtra has been shown in human clinical studies to support mental attention, alertness, and memory. If you'd like to give Qualia Nootropic Energy a try, you can do so by clicking HERE. The beverage comes in two-ounce servings that have a refreshing, crisp triple berry flavor. And right now, you can get 15-percent off your first purchase by entering coupon code FUTURISM at checkout. Neurohacker Collective also offers a full 100-day money-back guarantee if you don’t notice a marked improvement in your mental performance. They even offer free cognitive assessment tools so you can track your mental performance and monitor the changes for yourself. So if you’d prefer to use actual science to boost your mental output instead of just flooding your brain with sugar and caffeine, order Neurohacker Collective’s Qualia Nootropics Energy smart drink, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to something as important as your online privacy and security, you don’t want to settle for inferior protection just because it's cheaper. After all, what good is saving a few dollars a month if it puts your credit score, privacy, and even your financial future at greater risk? That said, there’s nothing wrong with taking advantage of an amazing deal on an excellent service. And right now, it just so happens that you can save over $300 on a subscription to NordVPN, which was named Best All-Around VPN of 2019 by both PC Magazine and BestVPN.com Every single day, you send out an insane amount of extremely sensitive information on the Internet, from credit card numbers and email addresses to usernames and passwords. And every click you make is being traced to your IP address by data brokerage firms, Internet service providers, and even government agencies from around the world. With so much data being transmitted, protecting it seems like a hopeless situation. But a virtual private network (VPN), can help protect that information. When you use a VPN, all your information is encrypted by special software, as if it's being sent through a private tunnel. That tunnel leads to a VPN server, where your information gets decrypted before it’s sent on to its final destination. However, because the information emerges from the VPN server, nobody can trace it back to you. That means all of your data is secure from prying eyes, and your online activity looks like it’s coming from the VPN server instead of IP address. However, not all VPNs are created equal. But NordVPN is consistently ranked among the best VPNs in the world. They use military grade AES-256 bit encryption to protect your data, and have over 5,000 servers located in over 60 countries. That enables them to provide high speed from almost anywhere, as well as the ability to access geo-restricted content. And they’re headquartered in Panama, a country that doesn’t require them to record their customers’ online activity. As such, NordVPN never tracks, collects, or shares your data, giving you complete privacy. NordVPN supports all major platforms and operating systems, and you can secure up to six devices on a single subscription, including phones, tablets, laptops, and routers. As such, you’ll always be protected regardless of where you are. And right now you can a three-year subscription to NordVPN for insanely low price. The standard monthly rate for NordVPN is $11.95, which is a great price comparable to other top VPN services. However, with a longer commitment the savings are unreal. The NordVPN 3-Year Plan saves you over $300. It works out to just $3.49 per month, which is a whopping 80-percent off the monthly price, or basically three years for the price of one. For a service as good as NordVPN, you absolutely cannot beat that price. However, if you’re not sure about committing to three years, the NordVPN 3-Year Plan comes with a 30-day money back guarantee, so there's basically no risk. So, if you’re ready to start taking your online security and privacy seriously in 2020, NordVPN gives you the best protection at the best price. And signing up couldn’t be easier. In fact, on average, it only takes about 60 seconds. So don’t waste another minute. Sign up for NordVPN now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
You’re supposed to wash your bed sheets and pillowcases at least once every couple of weeks. And your bathroom towels should be washed even more often. And that's the minimum. So if you're not hitting those numbers, chances are your bedroom and bathroom are prime real estate for millions of unwanted microscopic roommates. But luckily, thanks to Miracle bed sheets, pillow cases, and towels, there is a way to help cut down on bacteria without having to constantly wash and rewash your sheets and towels. Miracle’s specially engineered products are designed to be cleaner, more sanitary, and ultimately healthier than traditional bed sheets and towels. To accomplish this, antimicrobial silver is woven into the fabric of everything Miracle makes. Silver’s positively-charged ions draw in bacteria like a magnet, and they die off instead of reproducing. As a result, you can wash Miracle bed sheets, pillow cases, and towels three times less often, and still end up with far less microscopic contaminants. And best of all, Miracle also offers a 30-day money-back guarantee if you're not completely satisfied. So check out all the products offered by Miracle below: You spend an insane amount of time with your bed sheets. Unfortunately, so do lots of bacteria and germs that can cause lots of health problems as well as skin problems such as acne. But with Miracle Bed Sheets and their antimicrobial silver, germs and bacteria have a much harder time reproducing which could result in clearer, healthier skin. As with your bed sheets, your old bacteria-infested pillow cases are also a problem. But with a Miracle Pillow Cases, you'll get a cleaner night’s sleep. And as mentioned above, you'll end up washing them three times less than normal cases. So not only are they good for keeping bacteria at bay, but they're also great for the environment (and your water bill). It's probably no surprise that bathrooms are often infested with microbes. All that warm, moist air creates a perfect environment for them. And your towels are probably the main attraction. But the Miracle Towel Set will cut through 99.9 percent of bacteria. It includes two bath towels, two hand towels, and two washcloths, all of which contain microbe-terminating silver. They also dry about twice as quickly as conventional towels. If you're ready to get rid of unwanted bacterial and cut down on your wash load, click here to visit Miracle’s official store and give their products a try. As we mentioned above, they offer a 30 risk-free trial. So if you’re not satisfied, return them for a full refund. What do you have to lose... besides a bunch of disgusting bacteria? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
PUTTING ASIDE our personal feelings on the nature of war and what it is or isn't good for, the fact is that it's a terrible reality of life. It's also, often, where technological development advances at several paces beyond every other sector even remotely like it. These are some of literature's best (and most dystopian) ideas, fully realized. And 2019 especially boasted some of the most mind-bending military tech the world's ever seen. From an invisibility cloak to a sonic gun that vibrates a target's brain, military researchers really pushed the limits of what we thought was scientifically possible this year, no doubt at least partly thanks to their sometimes astronomically high budgets — looking at you, America. Without further ado, here is The Coolest (and Scariest) Military Tech of 2019.  From a real-life invisibility cloak to a mysterious "artificial brain" capable of directing armed conflicts, some of the military tech we learned about this year sounded like it was pulled directly from science-fiction of the recent (and not-so-recent) past — and some of it, we wish remained fiction. Hyperstealth Biotechnology's Quantum Stealth Material "It works by bending the light around a target to make it seemingly disappear... making the material what Hyperstealth calls a 'broadband invisibility cloak.'" – Watch a Real-Life Invisibility Cloak Designed for Military Use The National Reconnaissance Office’s Sentient Program "[It's] a fully-integrated intelligence system that can coordinate satellite positions and may soon be used to manage battlefield operations during military engagements." – The Military Secretly Built an "Artificial Brain" Called Sentient The Air Force's Robot Pilot "The robot... can operate a plane’s yoke and throttle while operating various pedals and other controls, just like human pilots do." – Instead of New Drones, the Air Force Built a Plane-Piloting Robot Military researchers didn't limit themselves to creating better tools for soldiers in 2019 — some also looked for ways to use science and technology to upgrade soldiers themselves. The Pentagon's High-Tech Cyborg Plans "The U.S. military has ambitious plans to turn its soldiers into high-tech cyborg warriors by making them stronger, enhancing their senses, and wiring their brains to computers." – US Military Warns of "Augmented Human Beings" DARPA’s Next-Generation Nonsurgical Neurotechnology Program "The Pentagon is trying build tech that would give soldiers the ability to control deadly military drones with their minds. 'Working with drones and swarms of drones, operating at the speed of thought rather than through mechanical devices — those types of things are what these devices are really for,' DARPA neuroscientist Al Emondi told MIT Tech Review." – The Pentagon Wants to Control Drones With Soldiers’ Brain Waves The Army's Integrated Visual Augmentation System (IVAS) "'No other piece of equipment has had this kind of impact since the introduction of night vision,' Army Undersecretary Ryan McCarthy told Army Times. 'This takes night vision to the PhD level.'" – The Military Is Developing Augmented Reality Night Vision Goggles Sarcos Robotics' Guardian XO "American robot developer Sarcos Robotics announced today that it’s been awarded a contract by United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) to deliver a pre-production, full-body robotic exoskeleton called the 'Guardian XO.' And it looks absolutely brutal." – The US Military Is Buying a Brutal-Looking Powered Exoskeleton DARPA's AR Contact Lenses "[T]he Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is reportedly interested in the contact lens to augment troops’ visual capabilities in the field, according to Task and Purpose — meaning the gadget could represent the augmented contact lens that DARPA has spent a decade searching for." – DARPA: This Smart Contact Lens Could Give Soldiers Superpowers Whether you find each of the below weapons breakthroughs really cool or incredibly frightening might depend on whether it was your home nation or another that developed it. For example... China's Portable Sonic Gun "All the wielder of the device has to do is point it at a crowd and shoot — and focused waves of sound will cause the targets’ eardrums, eyeballs, and brains to vibrate painfully." – China’s New Weapon: A Sonic Gun That Vibrates Your Brain The Pentagon's Laser Induced Plasma Effect Weapon "The Pentagon is working on a weapon that uses lasers and plasma to transmit sound files, even human speech, directly to individual people at great distances... the lasers could be beamed down from military planes or other vehicles to issue instructions or disperse crowds of protestors or otherwise disgruntled people in the area." – Pentagon: New Laser Tech Can Make People Hear Voice Commands Russia's Filin 5P-42  "The Filin is capable of firing powerful flashes of light that are intended to impair enemy equipment, according to Sputnik — and can even induce nausea and disorientation." – Russian Military Confirms New Weapon Causes “Hallucinatory Symptoms” The Army's High Energy Laser Tactical Vehicle Demonstrator "The system was designed to defend against missiles, rockets and artillery, according to Defense News. It could also prove useful against military drones and other unmanned aircraft." – The US Military Is Buying a $130 Million Laser Weapon If 2019 taught us anything about the future of warfare, it's that militaries across the globe are really excited about unmanned aerial vehicles — and systems designed to destroy them. The Army's Black Hornet Personal Reconnaissance System "The U.S. Army has placed a $39 million order for tiny reconnaissance drones, small enough to fit in a soldier’s pocket or palm. The idea behind the drones... is that soldiers will be able to send them into the sky of the battlefield in order to get a 'lethal edge' during combat, according to Business Insider." – The US Army Is Equipping Soldiers With Pocket-Sized Recon Drones Russia's Sukhoi-S70 Okhotnik-B (Hunter-B) Drone "The stealthy drone could offer the Russian military a way to penetrate air spaces without being detected." – Russia’s Top Secret Heavy Strike Stealth Drone Takes Flight Anduril Industries' Interceptor "Anduril’s device is able to identify and fly toward targets without any help — and if it doesn’t destroy an enemy drone with an initial hit, it doesn’t give up, autonomously attacking a second or third time until its target is dead." – See a Drone Kill Another Drone by Slamming Into It at 100 MPH The Air Force's Counter-Unmanned Aircraft System Tech "The laser weapon, which can be mounted onto the back of a vehicle, is designed to help the Air Force take down hostile drones...The laser itself can fire dozens of shots per charge, according to Raytheon. But the Air Force could also hook it up to a generator to deliver a 'nearly infinite number of shots,' the contractor said." – The Air Force Just Got a Brutal New Laser Cannon To ensure super soldiers wouldn't be stuck marching into battle on foot, military researchers also unveiled several new transportation systems for troops this year — as well as some that could get the job done without a crew. Estonia’s THeMIS Robotic Tank "The robot, which C4ISRNET reports was equipped with a 12.7mm machine gun and a 40mm automatic grenade launcher during a demo in Estonia last month, is reminiscent of those T-1 robotic tanks from 'Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines' — a deadly inflection point in automated warfare."– This Tank-Like Machine Gun Robot Is Straight out of "Terminator" Yanjing Auto's Armored Military Truck for China "A new Chinese military truck can drive into battle, armed to the teeth with 12 drones that turn the off-road vehicle into a comprehensive mothership of destruction." – Chinese Military Truck Launches Killer Drones Like Artillery Israel's Carmel Tank Prototypes "Israel demonstrated three prototypes of the Carmel — and based on that demo, the future of military combat might involve more game console-style controllers." – Israel Demos "Tank of the Future" Featuring Xbox-Style Controller China's Marine Lizard  "China has announced what local media is calling the 'world’s first armed amphibious drone boat.' The 39-foot-long Marine Lizard is designed to assist land assault operations and can form a web with other drone ships and airborne drones in order to act in tandem with them." – China’s Military Built an Autonomous Amphibious Landing Vehicle Share This Article 
NOT SINCE THE APOLLO ERA has a single decade been witness to more progress in finding answers for moving humanity towards the deepest reaches of the cosmos — until this one.  Where we once took steps to see our pale blue dot from afar, we now run sprints. Where we once saw two sides in a race defined by governments and separated by land, today's players are titans of industry, defined by their visionary leaders, and separated by stock price. Things changed, in the last decade, at literally astronomical quantities.  Companies are using their own rockets to try to send payloads — human and non-human — beyond the stratosphere and toward the stars. The use of technological advances elsewhere on terra firma has resulted in new comprehensions of some of space's greatest mysteries. We were illuminated, elucidated, shocked, and filled with wonder. And despite all the answers we received, we now have more questions — maybe, in fact, more than ever. This decade was different; the dawn of a new era for Earth, our understanding of what's beyond the furthest point we can perceive, and the recalibration of our abilities and ambitions to one day reach it.  These are The Most Mind-Blowing Space Stories of the 2010s.  Share This Article 
ANOTHER YEAR in the books, and with it, we're putting the lid on a hell of a volume around here — figuratively and literally. As of this writing in early December, a total of (give or take a few) 3,204 stories have been published to Futurism, The Byte, and Neoscope in 2019. We also broke more than a few of our own readership records along the way. But sometimes, as it happens in publishing, your favorite stories are the ones that didn't garner the attention of the traffic behemoths they were next to, but were true labors of love no less. We figured we'd give them some shine once more, in case you missed 'em the first time. Without further ado, please enjoy this compilation of utter self-regard: The Futurism Team's Favorite Stories of 2019. We obviously did. DATE: November 20, 2019 THE HEADLINE: "Like Horoscope Readings!": The Scammy World of DNA Test Startups THE STORY: The growing popularity of DNA testing kits like Ancestry, 23andMe gave rise to a sketchy new sector of the genomics industry, with companies like Genomelink, GenePlaza, Soccer Genomics, and GenoPalate advertising DNA analysis for athletic performance, mental and physical illnesses, and personality traits. Customers who paid for the tests as well as academic geneticists agree: They're often a crock. MONEY QUOTE: "I know that many of the DNA traits may not be true," Genomelink parent company CEO Tomohiro Takano said in an interview with Futurism. WHY WE LOVED IT: Look, anything that gets your site a vague letter vaguely threatening legal action from a lawyer looking to scare us into softening the story (but, notably, disputing none of its facts) means you've pissed off someone in a position of power. Which this story did! Of course, that was by no means the intent: Staff reporter Dan Robitzski only wanted to know how those who were shelling out their hard-earned cash for these tests felt about what they were getting back, and then, cross-checking it by scientists without a financial stake in the truth of the matter. And the truth? As technology and science progresses, so will the sector for advances in what's available to your average consumer, and with it, the amount of cash-grabbers willing to sell hinky science to vulnerable customers who seek genuine answers to their very real problems. DATE: April 13, 2019 THE HEADLINE: Pepsi Plans to Project a Giant Ad in the Night Sky Using Cubesats THE STORY: PepsiCo contracted a Russian startup to explore the possibility of launching an "orbital billboard" made up of mini-satellites to display an advertising campaign for an energy drink in the night sky, visible from the ground — a campaign that somehow, apparently, had to do with prejudice against a wildly persecuted minority: Gamers. FLACK RESPONSE OF YEAR: Russian PepsiCo spokesperson Olga Mangova confirmed to Futurism that the collaboration is real. "We believe in StartRocket potential," she wrote in an email. "Orbital billboards are the revolution on the market of communications." WHY WE LOVED IT: Jesus, like: What isn't there to love? For one thing, if you're PepsiCo, Futurism's news editor Jon Christian. After the story ran, and in the wake of a plethora of negative press, the plans for the cubesat ad were scrapped. Pepsi trotted out the line that it was a 'one-time test' and tried to retcon their narrative on this, of course, blaming it on their Russian counterparts going rogue (and making the press line above that much funnier). For another: Uh, global soft drink conglomerate plans James Bond-villain-esque advertising campaign for energy drink to target persecuted gamer crowd (?!?!) by using mini-satellites? Right. Our colleagues across the industry took notice on this one as well: In the ensuing press mess, we picked up some love from The Atlantic (who responded with a great piece on Pepsi's obsession with space), Gizmodo, Slate, Discover Magazine, Space.com, and BoingBoing (whose URL choice summed up the public response to this story best). Futurism: You got the right one, baby. DATE: October 11, 2019 THE HEADLINE: This Awful Tabloid Predicts a Killer Asteroid Almost Every Day THE STORY: A world already on edge, and a newspaper using fear of death from above to get bullshit clicks from it. THE NINTH ANNUAL 'ALL WORK AND NO ASTEROID MAKES DAN A DULL BOY' DATA JOURNALISM AWARD GOES TO staff reporter Dan Robitzski's old-fashioned, pen-and-paper hand-tabulation of British tabloid The Daily Express' bullshit asteroid stories: WHY WE LOVED IT: Besides the fact that Dan went (see above) full-red string on this one? It's a demonstration of something that looks like science journalism to the untrained eye — but that's really just a cudgel to incite panic and fear. By showing what it looks like when it's bad, hopefully, we demonstrate what we like to think of as a core tenet of the mission of Futurism: Helping readers draw the line, as boldly as possible, between fraudulent science news and the Real McCoy. THE DATE: September 25, 2019 THE HEADLINE: Meet the Doctor Who's Livestreaming Human Autopsies THE STORY: Exactly what it sounds like: Someone on Facebook Live giving people access to something they never knew they needed (or apparently, wanted): Actual, live human autopsies. Meet autopsy pathologist Ben Margolis, creator of Autopsy.online. ACTUAL FIRST LINE OF THIS THING: A bloody online video shows a doctor slicing into a human cadaver’s scalp, peeling back the skin, cutting open the skull with a brutally whining saw, and removing its brain.  WHY WE LOVED IT: Here's what we didn't love: Listening to the sound of bone cutting through a skull as we're trying to put down a Sweetgreen salad for lunch over the better part of two weeks. But this kind, warm profile of a passionate person trying to use recent advances in communications technologies — while navigating the ethical questions surrounding something like this — is the kind of thing you should expect to see more and more of in the coming years: The weird, odd, sometimes macabre, but almost always interesting ways people will take advantage of the increasing speeds we can move data, images, and sound. THE DATE: September 20, 2019 THE HEADLINE: To Our Readers: Why Futurism Isn’t Publishing Today THE STORY: There wasn't one. Because we didn't go to work. A FAIRLY CLEAR SUMMATION OF WHY WE DO THIS: "Our value of science is closely related with the same reasons we’re journalists: A belief in science is a belief in the truth, above all." WHY WE LOVED IT: Futurism doesn't often editorialize, or take stands on issues. But the Global Climate Strike was too big to ignore. Supporting climate science (or science, generally) isn't a political advocacy, just like supporting journalism wouldn't be an advocacy (unless you're an advocate for something other than the truth and accountability). We made an executive call to shut down the site the night before, and the next day, a bunch of us went downtown, and stood alongside throngs of New Yorkers of all backgrounds — and people all over the world — to stand for nothing less and nothing more than the science that our future depends on. THE DATE: April 2, 2019 THE HEADLINE: Here’s How NASA Dreams up Robotic Arms for Landers THE STORY: Al Tadros is the VP of Space Infrastructure and Civil Space at SSL, which means his job is to manage the company’s relationship with NASA. And his company? They help invent the most sophisticated robot arms ever to leave Earth. We wanted to know how that works. So: We asked. THE "AND YOU CAN'T EVEN PUT AN IKEA TABLE TOGETHER" MONEY QUOTE (OF THE DECADE): "One of the most exciting aspects of space robotics right now is the potential to assemble spacecraft, space telescopes, and other platforms in space." WHY WE LOVED IT: Sometimes, we're just straight-up curious about things — maybe not things that anybody necessarily needs the answer to at this moment, but questions that we have no less. The fun of being a journalist is the license and reason to call the people with those answers up and ask them. For Futurism's photo editor/staff writer Victor Tangermann, coming up with this one was as simple as that. THE DATE: November 22, 2019 THE HEADLINE: Someday, Robot Artists May Have to Explain Their Creations to Us THE STORY: Arthur Miller, a physicist who probably gets far fewer A View From the Bremsstrahlung jokes than he should, wrote a book about how robots are demonstrating creative thinking, "The Artist in the Machine." We interviewed him. THE MONEY-QUOTE: "It’s wrong to assess the work of an AI on whether it can be distinguished from the work of a human. Because what’s the point? You want AI to create works of art that you can’t even imagine right now. To define what is art is impossible. Picasso’s artworks were considered a joke at the time he did them." WHY WE LOVED IT: Because science/technology journalism doesn't intersect with the arts nearly enough, and the reality of these two things is that there's a little bit of science in all the world's art, and a little bit of art in all the world's science. The people who understand this vital crosshatch in the fabric of both fields — and who seek to enlighten the world's understanding of it — will, if nothing else, becoming increasingly vital figures in the new decade to those pioneering in their respective fields (if not, in some cases, as important as the artists, scientists, and technologists of the world, themselves). And if nothing else, staff writer Dan Robitzski's fascinating conversation with Miller demonstrates that. THE DATE: July 24, 2019 THE HEADLINE: Mind-Bending “Quantum Darwinism” Theory Passes Experimental Tests THE STORY: Researchers' theories and work on "Quantum Darwinism" have so far proven out to be nothing but confirmation of "Quantum Darwinism" being, like, a real thing. NO BUT SERIOUSLY WTF IS "QUANTUM DARWINISM" AND WHY ARE WE PUTTING IT IN SCARE QUOTES? It involves matter existing in two states at once, but only depending on the size of the matter, and what happens when that matter is observed, and how that matter decides t— you know what? No. Not even gonna try. Just read the story. Kristin did it better. WHY WE LOVED IT: One of our main goals in publishing Futurism everyday is to help readers who might not be mired in scientific terminology/those of us who got anything less than a perfect 5 score on the AP Physics test somehow understand what any of this means, how it will affect the world, and what's truly exciting about it. Our staff writer Kristin Houser has become a first-ballot Hall-of-Famer at doing this kind of thing — and her explanation of "Quantum Darwinism" is the sharpest of our sharpshooter news-writers putting on an absolute clinic in what she does best. How else do you think her stories end up in the hands of Stephen Colbert? THE DATE: July 26, 2019 THE HEADLINE: 7 Ways to Die in the Future THE STORY: Of all the exciting, interesting, fascinating innovations and breakthroughs and technology the future might bring about, bet you haven't thought about all the new ways people are gonna die! Oh, and they will die. All of them. Some of them like this! INEVITABLE NERVE WE HIT WITH SOMEONE, SOMEWHERE: "Perhaps in the future after reaching the singularity, your life-size sex doll decides it’s ready to taste human flesh, or maybe weaponized sex robots start trying to seduce us before going in for the kill. Either way, this one gives a whole new meaning to 'going out with a bang.'" WHY WE LOVED IT: In the event you're wondering, this is Futurism's content director speaking, and he can't remember how the hell we ended up assigning this story, or why our Director of Strategic Operations and future death doula Sarah Marquart ended up writing this, but we did learn a thing or two about her, uh, vivid imagination [see above]. Also, we could probably afford to do more servicey stuff like this, you know? If we prevented even one guy from [earmuffs, kids!] dying after sticking his dick into an overshaped toaster one day, then all of this, Futurism.com's entire legacy, it was all worth it. THE DATE: December 9th, 2019 THE HEADLINE: Elon Musk Drives Cybertruck to Restaurant, Hits Traffic Cone THE STORY: The most famous of the world's Nu-Industrialists, fresh off of winning his "Pedo Guy" defamation case, took his brand new truck out for a spin in Malibu, at Nobu, hung out with actor Edward Norton and his pop star girlfriend Grimes, before pulling it out of the lot, running over a traffic pylon, and making a sketchy-at-best (and possibly illegal) left turn. THE FOOTAGE:  Who's driving @ElonMusk or the Auto-Pilot?$TSLA pic.twitter.com/xvmyHPG8Ol — GuruLeaks (@Guruleaks1) December 8, 2019  WHY WE LOVED IT? Look — this is one of probably fourteen or fifteen things we posted to the site that day. There was no investigative reporting, just a quick summation of a thing that happened. And why post it? On its surface, it's a seemingly innocuous item about Elon Musk doing something a decent slice of the world's halfway-decent drivers have done more than a few times. But it's also a beautiful metaphor, a snapshot of a decade in technology and innovation and industrialism and pop culture summed up so darkly, and so hilariously: The car is barely street legal (it doesn't have the side-view mirrors currently mandated by California law). Elon is a bona-fide celebrity, hanging out with other bona-fide celebrities. What he's done for renewable energy and space travel is nothing short of incredible. The fact that someone like him is a celebrity is incredible. And it's also incredible that we just watch him be a hapless, arrogant, absurd, brash scofflaw. Are we the truck? Are we the traffic pylon? Are we Grimes, in the back seat, looking like we were photoshopped into reality? Are we the valets at Nobu? Or are we both the website covering this exploit, literally and figuratively? Are we all of it and none of it at once? And how should we feel? Annoyed? Bemused? Thrilled by way of vicariousness? Science and technology journalism involves a lot of cold machinery, calculations, abstract ideas, and atomic, unseeable matter. It's people like Elon, and moments like these, where the innovation, the innovator, and those around it come to an apex — it's where, figuratively and literally, the rubber hits the road. These are the dumbest and the most thrilling things we cover, often. They're the human elements. And they have been — and will continue to be — the story of the future, the people shaping it, and way it affects you: Some billionaire asshole helping us dream bigger cutting you off with an illegal left turn after running over a traffic pylon like a Shih Tzu's squeak toy falling underfoot. Why did we love it? The better question is: How can we not? Share This Article 
CONGRATULATIONS ARE in order. We survived to the end of the decade! And if the people detailed in the story you're about to read have their way, it'll be one of the last decades anyone survives at all. Look: It feels like the last ten years has been an endless onslaught by people who are so willfully-ignorant of science, so regressive and backwards, and so unimpeded by the ethics of discovery and innovation, it's a miracle we haven't ripped every last follicle out of our heads. And yet, because we here at Futurism Dot Com are gluttons for punishment, and because we love you, our readers, we sacrificed some brain cells to round up the absolute worst of the people who did the most damage to the Earth, society, and cogent thinking, as well as those who happily trotted alongside them. Please, enjoy, and more than that: Whatever you do, don't be these people. Seemingly more than ever in the last century, this decade saw the proliferation of people who — when faced with centuries of conclusive and decisive evidence that doesn’t quite match their worldview — still maintain that they know best. Even to dangerous ends. Spoiler: They definitely don't. Whether they're denying children medicine or writing off the horrors of gas-guzzling SUVs, this brand of moron makes the entire world worse for the rest of us. Flat-Earthers Who: People who, per their name, believe that the Earth is flat. And will cling onto any number of associated conspiracies to deny the reality that it isn't. Typical Talking Point: "Just look at it!" Why They're Stupid: Because the Earth is round. Even dignifying flat-earthers has the unsurprising effect of making anyone doing so slightly dumber, and we need to be precious with all depleting resources, and our remaining brain cells are chief among them. This was the decade where, somehow, a theory that's been known as abject lunacy since the Middle Ages was main-streamed again to the point where its zealots merited a documentary and threw themselves a yearly convention/idiot party attended by people from all over the (round) world. How'd this nonsense survive to (and through) the 2010s? We can all say thanks to the modern marvel that is the internet for refusing to let it die. Climate Change Deniers Who: Most Republicans and conservative movements. Comically villainous fossil-fuel execs. Nihilists. People who truly hate anyone to come after them — like their children. Overcompensating men still driving F-350s as a fashion statement. Typical Talking Point: Extremely granular, cherry-picked arguments about how the Earth has always been changing that minimize humanity's role as a driving force in that change. Also: "Well, it's December, and it's colder than ever — so global warming can't be real!" Why They're Stupid: Annoyingly, there's a climate denier subset well-versed in science, who's capable of making arguments that sound more convincing than, say, a typical flat-earther's (remember: there's always someone dumber than you, unless you're a flat-earther). But after decades of inaction, we're constantly slapped in the face (or drowned, burned to death, starved — you get it) with undeniable evidence that humans have absolutely borked the environment. And when staying the course means the end of human civilization, the most powerful of this stripe of idiot responds by building a bunker. Anti-Vaxxers Who: Parents who think Jenny McCarthy has some 'good ideas worth hearing out;' parents who got their medical degrees by looking at Facebook memes. Parents who truly do not give a shit about other people's children or the herd immunity. Basically, any parent who'd rather see their own flesh and blood die of preventable disease than see it live with an autism spectrum disorder (also see: gamblers); childless parents. Typical Talking Points: Fear-mongering. The word "mercury." The Gospel of Jenny McCarthy. Why They're Stupid: Maybe they're not turning the planet into an unlivable husk, but this unholy legion of Karens has still been declared one of the greatest public health threats on Earth and poised to cause an epidemic. Scientists have compared them to drunk drivers. The most frustrating thing about anti-vaxxers persisting against all odds (and especially infectious diseases) into the 2020s? The original alleged link between vaccination and autism has not only been repeatedly and thoroughly debunked, but was fraudulent from the get-go. It's not clear what, short of Darwinian evolution, will finally put this bullshit to rest. Creationists Who: People who believe that, out of all the billions and billions of planets orbiting billions and billions of stars, a celestial being decided specifically to breathe life into ours. Typical Talking Point: Bananas were created to fit the human hand. Monkeys in zoos don't turn into humans. Anything that gives equally annoying Reddit atheists reason to post the 😭 emoji. Why They're Stupid: If your worldview aligns with a religion's creation story and adds meaning to your life? Great. Really. But arguments like "we can't observe evolution" have long since been proven false, and covering your ears and screaming otherwise is holding society back. And just like at Damien Thorn's birthday party, people who believe that the whole world was created for them tend to play fast and loose with it, consequences be damned. Astrology Nuts Who: An increasingly-younger, inexplicable group of (often well-educated, upwardly-mobile) people who think creationists are ridiculous, but like creationists, also believe the cosmos aligned just to make them (and everyone else born that month) their most special selves, or that the alignment of the cosmos means their friends will finally add them to the secret group-chat-within-a-group-chat this week. Typical Talking Point: "Come on, let's do your birth chart. You'll see." Why They're Stupid: Maybe it's just this skeptical Virgo's brain? But it's baffling that people still believe the arrangements of miscellaneous space rocks determine whether they make dependable partners or aren't fit to be roommates, now or ever. Look, we all scroll to our sign when a "the signs as x" meme pops up on Instagram, but putting any more weight into it than that is just as wise as letting a series of coin tosses determine your life. These folks aren't just denying scientific reality, they're actively making it up as they go and keep trying to drag the rest of us along for the ride. Unfortunately, that means that scientists and other evidence-adherents are left playing an endless game of whack-a-mole trying to stay on top of whatever half-ideas bubble out of these galaxy brains. Red-Pilled MRAs Who: Men who need a scapegoat for their inability to (take your pick) get laid, get a job, keep a job, go to the gym, groom themselves properly, have healthy relationships, etc. Basically: Misogynists with a persecution complex. And they wonder why they can't (take your pick) get laid, get a job, keep a job... Typical Talking Point: Citing deceptively-framed statistics (or just straight-up bullshit) pointing to the various ways society takes it easier on women than it does men. Why They're Stupid: We live in a world where men continue to generally be hired, promoted, and paid more than women. Where at every twist and turn, men are granted advantages again and again. But because their crush went to prom with someone else, these nerds are convinced that they're the ones being persecuted and attempt to use manipulated social science to explain it. Which puts them in concert with anyone else in a position of power, claiming to be a persecuted class when they're not. That always turns out well. Fad-Dieters Who: A vast web of beautiful people (and Jordan Peterson) who insist that true health comes from sucking all the joy out of food. Typical Talking Point: "[Scientifically-benign food X] is slowly draining the life from your body." Why They're Stupid: As medical science advances, so too does our understanding of nutrition and the importance of a robust microbiome in your gut. But there's a whole lot of crap out there convoluting this understanding, created by charlatans who barely passed Biology 1 (if that). Remember, if anyone miraculously cracked the code to a perfect, rejuvenating, healthy diet, we'd already be on it. Unfortunately, "just use common sense" isn't as sexy as professionally-hot people selling us $20 bottles of juice. Look, you can't market a lifestyle around it, but if you have a functioning liver and kidneys, your body is already detoxing itself just fine. Phrenologists and Eugenicists Who: Gone are the days of measuring people's skulls with craniometers. Now they have face-scanning AI and DNA tests for that. Typical Talking Point: "My facial recognition algorithm decided that your skin color means you'll be 12.37 percent less productive at work, so no, you didn't get the job." Why They're Stupid: Phrenology first rose to prominence when dusty-ass 18th-century European scientists wanted bragging rights for having the biggest brains. That pissing contest gave rise to an insidious mechanism for enforcing racist caste systems, reassuring white ruling classes that their power was deserved. It was bullshit pseudoscience then, and it's bullshit now. Except now instead of skull shapes, modern-day startups are breathing new life into phrenology and eugenics through DNA tests that make all the same claims dressed up in futuristic lingo. Gender Binarists Who: Comedians stuck in the 90s. Really, anyone stuck in the 90s. J.K. Rowling. Typical Talking Point: "Bisexual/trans/gender-fluid people are just confused!" That one "attack helicopter" joke. Why They're Stupid: These ass-backwards bigots will deny to the grave what's become increasingly clear: the socially-constructed borders that used to define sexuality, gender, and relationship or family structures don't reflect how any of those things actually work. Gender and sexuality exist on spectrums, and it's undeniably good that these concepts are becoming mainstreamed. For those who stick their heads in the sand, clinging to outdated traditions and insisting people are making a choice in how they live out these modes, it's growing increasingly clear that the nostalgic "good ol' days" they cling to still had just as many LGBTQ+ people, who just couldn't safely live their lives. Scream it from the rooftops: Corporations see you as a commodity, and billionaire tech titans won't love you back, no matter how many times you fawn over your new Tesla or Ring camera on Twitter. This brand of die-hard will never get the message, until they die, hard, of laughter-induced asphyxiation reading their favorite brand's Twitter clapback against a journalist exposing its shitty labor practices. Elon Muskrats Who: Hordes of bros angrily insisting a whimsically-unhinged billionaire is humanity's best bet for survival. Typical Talking Point: "Witness me!" Why They're Stupid: These people mob and harass Musk's critics online. They swear that Tesla and SpaceX products are the only way to survive environmental devastation, when not otherwise breathlessly adhering to every half-assed utterance of their god. Even Elon "pedo guy" Musk doesn't take all the shit he says so seriously! It all seems to be a desperate attempt to win a ticket to Daddy Musk's Martian colony, which they see as some sort of wacky "Rick And Morty" adventure instead of a lifetime of indentured servitude working in the space mines, which is the closest they'll ever get to winning Daddy Elon's love. Pro-tip: Elon is nothing if not smart enough to have contempt for you dumbshit sheeple. AI Doomsayers Who: People who believe bloodthirsty robots are the single, inevitable endpoint of technological progress. Typical Talking Point: Like Zeus and the Titans, our creations will rise up and destroy us. Why They're Stupid: Artificial intelligence is often used as a tool for evil. (See: eugenicists). But in terms of existential crises, we have bigger fish to fry. Based on current projections, climate change will bring about societal collapse way sooner than robots or AI ever could. What this cohort overlooks is that dangerous technology only exists if people keep dragging it into existence. Transhumanists and Biohackers Who: Impressionable megalomaniacs with disposable income. Typical Talking Point: "Darwin only got us so far, time to take the next leap!" Why They're Stupid: This writer sat in on a NYC biohacker meetup earlier this year. They spent much of the time vaguely talking about Bitcoin. Their favorite nootropic? Coffee. Once the world got bored of RFID chip implants, these Matrix cosplayers had nothing else to offer that wasn't also incredibly self-destructive. Problem solved? Over the run of human civilization, we run into the same problem again and again: Those amassing obscene amounts of power are so often the last ones we wanted wielding it. From climate inaction to the vast, all-encompassing failure to keep emerging technologies and the people behind them in check, those with any amount of power to actually do any damn thing at all are sitting at the bottom of a mountain, getting steamrolled by giants they're laid prostrate in front of. Congress Who: The boomers from that meme. You know the one. Typical Talking Point: What a lobbyist sock-puppets them with. Or whatever gets them re-elected. Why They're Stupid: As our planet becomes an uninhabitable hellscape ruled by blundering fascists, our leaders are still trying to decide whether climate change is actually good. Meanwhile, the only new technology they're able to keep their finger on the pulse of is their heart rate monitors. Never forget: They gave Zuckerberg the easiest win in history, letting him get away with bombs like "Senator, we run ads." SoftBank Who: The venture capital firm responsible for making sure bad ideas never die. Typical Talking Point: 'If at first you don't succeed, keep lighting cash on fire.' Why They're Stupid: SoftBank stands out on this list that's otherwise focused on groups of people. But the multinational corporate conglomerate that's kept money-hemorrhaging companies afloat by waving its arms and making cash appear out of nothing deserves special mention. Uber, WeWork, companies that build pizza-delivering robots, and pretty much everything else that sounds vaguely futuristic and would send a typical person's bullshit detector into overdrive all make the cut, as far as SoftBank is concerned. And if it doesn't work out? It moves on and lives to waste money another day. Readers Like You =] Who: Elon Stans, Science Enthusiasts, Science Haters, our parent company, and our actual parents. Typical Talking Point: "Wow, more Elon-hating clickbait! This is why I unsubscribed." Why They're Stupid: Because if you opened this article at all, you probably closed out and wrote an angry Facebook comment/Slacked our publisher/texted us the 💩 emoji [Ed. Ahem DAD!] as soon as you got to the part where we gave Elon Musk the business. Get this: For centuries, society's been held back because stubbornly-held worldviews trump new discoveries and hard science. And, to be fair, if we bring children into this world, we're sure they'll be mortified by the generation currently attempting to fix things, and how absolutely regressive we are to them. After all, Futurism's founders may have been morons who named their media company after an Italian fascist movement (good work, morons) but their guiding principle was to tell stories that help direct humanity toward a brighter future. Truth be told: We're trying as hard as we can, and all we ask is that everyone else does their part. We didn't put our readers in the "powerful" group by mistake. Together, this decade, let's do our best, be our smartest, and direct our frustrations at the people actually making things fundamentally worse. Maybe we can even be a little kind. Doing anything less would be just straight-up dumb. Share This Article 
SO, SO MUCH. In 2019 — just one year! — alone, we saw the meteoric rise of gene-editing with CRISPR and major breakthroughs like Google finally achieving quantum supremacy.  And that was just two of the more than 3,000 stories Futurism published this year. There are, of course, the stories that were read the most, and the stories that mattered to the staff of Futurism the most. But there's a third category of stories we couldn't end the year without looking back on: Those which you, the readers and fans of Futurism, had the most to say about. Be it by retweet, re-gram, comment, like or share, the below stories are the ten moments in Futurism's 2019 that sparked the most conversation, the most engagement, and the most noise. Without further ado, meet Futurism's Top Ten Most-Discussed, Shared, and Socialed Stories of 2019: What Happened: In April, a report surfaced: A team of Chinese scientists used gene-editing techniques to make monkey brains more humanlike, increasing the animal's intelligence as a result. Why It Mattered: As gene-editing technologies have become more advanced and accessible, researchers have started blurring the lines between what constitutes ethical and unethical lab experiments. Genetic experiments on monkeys, and more so on humans, tend to make us profoundly uncomfortable. For pretty obvious reasons. What Readers Had to Say? Via Facebook: "I've seen this movie, it didn't end well." — Mike Boydstun. "New Headline 'Scientists literally do what every sci fi [sic] movie warns against.'" — Jayson Allen. What Happened: The summer of 2019 shattered heat records, with 2019 ultimately becoming the second hottest year on record so far. Wildfires raged across the Amazon Rainforest consuming over 4.6 million acres since the begging of 2019, at one point creating smoke which could be seen in satellite imagery and was enough to block out the sun in the Brazilian city of São Paulo. Why It Mattered: The future of our planet, for starters. With the state of social media being what it is, it's easier than ever for dramatic photos and videos of wildfires and extreme weather to proliferate. What You Had to Say: "I'm in São Paulo, right now, my eyes and throat are hurt [sic] because of the smoke. And it is really far from Amazon! This is the sky in the middle of the day" — Eduardo Malpeli, who also provided us with photos. What Happened: In late 2018, elections in Luxembourg brought to power a government coalition that promised to make public transportation free by 2020. Despite the country's tiny size being decried as a factor which made the feat easier, it was still a world first. Why It Mattered: Although some communities offer zero-fare public transportation locally, this was the first concentrated national effort to provide public transport at no cost to users. The end result of Luxembourg's transport plans may be varied, but could be looked to as a model by other European nations considering similar policies. What You Had to Say: Plenty of readers were quick to point out that, while exciting, the news meant little for other larger (or poorer) nations. Others pointed out that a transport system which costs $562 million (€491 million) per year wasn't technically free (vis-a-vis, besides the municipal spend itself, taxpayers footing the bill). What Happened: In an attempt to find recyclable drinking straw solutions that weren't paper or plastic-based, startups like Loliware turned to unconventional materials (seaweed, in this case). Why It Mattered: This was a year in which arguments on environmental protections created a schism over the future of drinking straws. Concern over plastic pollution, particularly in our oceans, reached a fever pitch. Out of concern for the wellbeing of animals, fair or not, plastic straws bore the brunt of environmentalist passions. What You Had to Say: Tough to please as Futurism readers are, this potential solution only sparked more disparate conversations, enough is never enough. Some commenters pointed out that more plastic items should be made from seaweed, others suggested we didn't need straws at all. What Happened: Was the Cybertruck the Most 2019 Thing of the year? Naturally, we covered the Cybertruck a lot, here, as it was all anyone talked about for a few days. When Tesla towed a Ford F-150 uphill, Ford couldn't help but call out its rival. Yet, after Tesla's shot across the bow, it looked like it was barely a parry. Why It Mattered: Tesla was eager to show off it's unique looking truck of the future, demonstrating through a variety of stunts the durability of the Cybertruck as a vehicle. Being unlike anything on the market before Tesla was eager to show pundits the market viability of its Cybertruck and came out swinging for the fences. What You Had to Say: Debates ensued over the details of specs and torque, vehicle weight, and aesthetic design. "What a great marketing thing!" reader Edward Scanlon wrote on Facebook. "Tesla seems to be especially good at that, not just with power in the engine, “Ludicrous Mode,” and other features of their vehicles." What Happened: It's a tale of two vices, and there's apparently only room for one. As marijuana use continues to expand and receive widespread support, the alcohol business would do well to take note of its potential effects on the world's drinking habits. Why It Mattered: Based on new research — though, pretty obviously perceivable without it — marijuana legalization led to an explosion of growth for the cannabis industry. In places that have legalized marijuana, it's estimated that up to 40 percent of people over 21 now partake. If the alcohol industry doesn't learn how to market to this new group of inhalers/imbibers, it could be left in the dust. What You Had to Say: Naturally, you all had a lot of feels. Some thought it was good news, claiming alcohol is way worse for you anyway. Some of you are still going to drink. But a bunch of others just used our comments section for low-end weed jokes: "I guess that's called 'Killing two birds with one stoned.'" went one. So, maybe we should just... all lay off everything? What Happened: A new law in Italy made it compulsory for every child in the country to receive a range of immunizations including measles, polio, chickenpox and mumps. Other countries are now looking to this model as well. Why It Mattered: Public safety, public health, but especially as a major development in the fight against anti-vaxxers, which the World Health Organization called one of the greatest threats to world health. What You Had to Say: Sometimes, we social media moderators must deal with comment sections proliferate with fake news, vitriol, and hate speech. Because we care about the integrity and factuality of our work, we take seriously and do our best to moderate and block those with an agenda to spread false, and dangerous, information. But ultimately, the science supports vaccination, and many of you did too: One commenter put it simply, and succinctly: "Anti-vaxxers want to privatize their decisions regarding vaccinations but socialize the risks to everyone." That said, we also had to contend with the seemingly cursory anti-vaxxers who showed up in the comments. Rather than try to try to contextualize the vitriol, let's just say: It was a spirited debate among certain constituencies, who will never not take the opportunity to turn the volume up on their cause to deafening, unproductive degrees. It happens. What Happened: The United States army invested nearly $40 million into developing tiny baby drones that could fit inside the palm of your hand, or, more likely, in the pocket of a soldier. But don't let their tiny size fool you into thinking they're harmless — the Black Hornet "nano-unmanned aerial vehicles" could give soldiers a bird's eye view and "lethal edge" on the battlefield. Why It Mattered: The rapid innovation of the military tech industry is both awe inspiring and a little horrifying. Soldiers aren't just carrying guns and bullets anymore — they're merging with machines, becoming equipped with electronic exoskeletons, futuristic contact lenses, and autonomous weapons. The battles of the future aren't going to happen in trenches, they're going to be fought between two men observing autonomous drones from the comfort and safety of unmarked hideouts. What You Had to Say: On this story, you all weren't too happy about the dystopian tech. "Technology like this makes me realize what a freakin genius Phillip K. Dick was," one commenter declared, receiving quite a few likes. Another reader on Facebook wondered: "What about feeding the veterans? Oh, there is no money for that." From where we stand, it looks like the military's excessive spending might not sit well with citizens who could find quite a few other places to spend $39 million. What Happened: Five million years ago, the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way sent an unfortunate star rocketing away at at 3.7 million miles per hour — so, like, we're never gonna see that lil' guy ever again. Why It Mattered: Putting aside the sheer metal-osity of a black hole furiously yeeting — yes, yeeting — a star away from itself, the discovery of this bizarre event could also help astronomers confirm a whole slew of hypotheses about the complicated relationship of black holes vs. stars. Who will win? Seems like the black hole remains undefeated. What You Had to Say: Okay, yeah: We...may have had a bit of fun with the headline on this one. Many pondered whether "yeeted" was even a word, and accused us of "just trying to sound like MiLleNniaLs." Also: "Futurism already living the future where yeet is the official word in the english dictionary," wrote one reader on Facebook. "The star said YOLO and was thusly yeeted," explained another. Yeets and yotes not withstanding, the fact remains that this year brought us fascinating developments in research into black holes (including the first photo of one, literally ever) and this story's nothing if not awe-inspring. What Happened: Just two days after doctors claimed that a second patient was HIV-free, another team cleared the infection in a third patient. This patient underwent the same type of bone marrow transplant as the other two HIV-free patients. Three months after they stopped taking antiviral drugs, biopsies from the patient’s gut and lymph nodes showed no infectious HIV —  a groundbreaking update in the fight to eradicate HIV. Why It Mattered: This one should go without saying, but sure: Globally, there are 37.9 million people living with HIV, and nearly 15 million of them don't have access to the life-saving medicine they need. Every single year, another 1.7 million people are infected with HIV; this isn't a problem that affects one group of people or one country. HIV is a global crisis, with more than 2,000 people dying every single day from AIDS-related causes. What You Had to Say: You all had a lot of respect for the scientists who worked tirelessly for the cure: "Please don’t let all these doctors fly on one plane... we must protect them at all costs," went one comment. "So it wasn't all the prayers? I. Am. Shocked." went another. You love to see it. Turns out, the hard facts of science sometimes actually win after all. To close out, and in the words of one of you, our valued readers, here's to another year of "science being all sciencey and helping humanity and stuff." Amen. Share This Article 
Great Scott! Engineers at Stanford's Dynamic Design Lab have taught a self-driving DeLorean — the iconic early 80s sports car of "Back to the Future" fame — how to drift around a complex, kilometer-long track that even human drivers would struggle with. The vehicle, lovingly dubbed MARTY after the protagonist of "Back to the Future," completed a full circuit without any hiccups on its very first try. The onboard computer system learns, from dozens of runs, how the dynamics of the vehicle respond to the road conditions and twists and turns. The same kind of technology could one day make the difference between a pedestrian getting hit or not getting hit by a driverless car, according to the team. "We’re trying to develop automated vehicles that can handle emergency maneuvers or slippery surfaces like ice or snow," lead engineer Chris Gerdes said in a statement. "We'd like to develop automated vehicles that can use all of the friction between the tire and the road to get the car out of harm’s way. We want the car to be able to avoid any accident that’s avoidable within the laws of physics." Very little of the original DeLorean made it into the final drifting machine. Two powerful electric motors on each rear wheel supply power now, and a custom suspension system provides high-performance drifting capabilities. Steering, braking, and throttling are all handled by electronic systems. In fact, the vehicle's creators say, it can change direction even faster than any human using mechanical steering controls could pull off, unlocking the full potential of the machine. "The results so far are rather outstanding,” Gerdes added. "The stability control systems of modern cars limit the driver’s control to a very narrow range of the car’s potential." Drifting is an excellent exercise for teaching a car what to do to evade an object or person in the road. "Through drifting, we’re able to get to extreme examples of driving physics that we wouldn’t otherwise," Stanford graduate Jon Goh, who was involved in the project, said. "If we can conquer how to safely control the car in the most stable and the most unstable scenarios, it becomes easier to connect all the dots in between." READ MORE: Driving sideways to move forward: Stanford engineers show how an autonomous, drifting DeLorean can improve driver safety [Stanford] More on driverless cars: Watch a Self-Driving Car Careen Around Corners Like a Racecar Share This Article 
The spacecraft Boeing built to fly astronauts to the International Space Station just failed its first mission. The uncrewed Starliner's launch Friday morning appeared to go flawlessly. But about 30 minutes after liftoff, Boeing and NASA reported that the craft had missed its intended orbit — and they're now saying automation is to blame. Soon after the failed mission, NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine tweeted that Starliner had experienced a "Mission Elapsed Time (MET) anomaly." "The anomaly resulted in the vehicle believing the time was different than it actually was," he said during a news conference, "and because that timing was a little bit off, what ended up happening is the spacecraft tried to maintain a very precise control that it normally wouldn’t have tried to maintain and it burned a lot of [propellant]." "At this time, we do not expect the Starliner to dock at the International Space Station on this flight," Boeing wrote in a statement. Bridenstine noted during the conference that the situation could have been quickly remedied had NASA astronauts Mike Fincke and Nicole Mann, who are assigned to the first crewed Starliner mission, been onboard at the time. "This anomaly had to do with automation, and Nicole and Mike are trained specifically to deal with the situation that happened today where the automation was not working according to plan," he said. "Had they been in there, we very well may be docking with the International Space Station tomorrow." He added that he's not ruling out the possibility that the very next Starliner flight might include a crew. As for the current mission, though, Starliner is in a "safe and stable" orbit around Earth, and Boeing and NASA are focused on identifying any tests the spacecraft could undertake before its planned landing in the New Mexico dessert, which could happen as soon as Sunday. READ MORE: Boeing capsule goes off course, won’t dock at space station [Associated Press] More on Starliner: This Week, Boeing Will Try to Dock Its Space Taxi With the ISS Share This Article 
In 2004, Navy pilots spotted something extremely unusual off the West Coast — groups of objects flying in erratic, inexplicable flight patterns. Years later, the puzzling UFO encounter was revealed by The New York Times, with multiple eyewitnesses stepping forward over the years to describe what they saw. One of three infrared videos, recorded in 2004 and shared by the Times in 2017, shows an odd oblong unidentified object, garnering it the nickname "Tic Tac." Now Chad Underwood, the Navy pilot who recorded the video at the time, talked to New York Magazine's Intelligencer about what he saw in a new interview. "You’re not going to see it with your own eyes until probably 10 miles, and then you’re not going to be able to visually track it until you’re probably inside of five miles, which is where [commanding officer, who first made visual confirmation of the UFO,] Dave Fravor said that he saw it," Underwood told Intelligencer. "The thing that stood out to me the most was how erratic it was behaving," he added. "It was just behaving in ways that aren’t physically normal. That’s what caught my eye. Because, aircraft, whether they’re manned or unmanned, still have to obey the laws of physics." What puzzled Underwood the most was that the "Tic Tac" bore no resemblance to any conventional aircraft. "Well, normally, you would see engines emitting a heat plume. This object was not doing that," he said. And it certainly was no bird. "You don’t see birds at 5,000 or 10,000 or 20,000 feet. That’s just not how birds operate." READ MORE: Navy Pilot Who Filmed the ‘Tic Tac’ UFO Speaks: ‘It Wasn’t Behaving by the Normal Laws of Physics’ [Intelligencer] More on the videos: Navy Confirms That Three UFO Encounter Videos Are Real Share This Article 
NASA's Mars 2020 rover just went on its first joyride, navigating over small ramps and rolling forward and backward inside a clean room at NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab (JPL) in California — and it's now ready for the Red Planet. "Mars 2020 has earned its driver's license," lead mobility systems engineer for Mars 2020 Rich Rieber said in a statement. "The test unambiguously proved that the rover can operate under its own weight and demonstrated many of the autonomous-navigation functions for the first time. This is a major milestone for Mars 2020." "A rover needs to rove, and Mars 2020 did that yesterday," John McNamee, Mars 2020 project manager, added. "We can't wait to put some red Martian dirt under its wheels." Mars 2020 is a lot quicker on its feet than NASA's previous rovers in terms of decision-making and navigation. Its cameras and image-processing computer are also far more sophisticated and higher-resolution. Thanks to the tech upgrade, Mars 2020 will be able to move an average of 200 meters (650 feet) per Martian day — impressive considering the previous single-day record, set by NASA's Opportunity rover, was 214 meters (702 feet), according to JPL. Mars 2020's wheels are also more durable than those of past rovers — especially important considering NASA's Mars Curiosity Rover's wheels were found to be riddled with holes earlier this year after taking a beating from Martian rocks. The rover is set to take off next summer to arrive at the Red Planet on February 18, 2021. Its main goal will be to look for signs of past microbial life, as well as collect rock samples to bring back to Earth. Earlier this month, NASA showed off its Space Launch System, the rocket that will hopefully carry the rover to the Red Planet next year — and Mars 2020 won't be making the journey alone, either. The rover will carry with it a tiny autonomous helicopter that will help it explore the Martian environment. The drone could also help look for ideal future landing zones — and perhaps even search for signs of life. READ MORE: NASA's Mars 2020 rover completes its first drive [JPL] More on Mars 2020: NASA Installs Autonomous Mini-Helicopter on Its Next Mars Rover Share This Article 
We know that Earth's magnetic North Pole doesn't quite line up with the North Pole on a world map — it's wandered, at a glacial pace, about 1,400 miles since its first discovery in 1831, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). What scientists didn't expect, however, is that the magnetic North Pole has been wandering towards Siberia at an increasing pace, Science Alert reports. It even crossed the Greenwich meridian, the invisible line that determines time zones, for the first time in its recorded history. That could potentially wreak havoc on positioning systems, military operations, and other processes that rely on measuring the magnetic pole. The magnetic North Pole was found to be drifting toward Russia at about 34 miles per year, slowing recently to just 25. Despite the most recent slowdown, "the movement since the 1990s is much faster than at any time for at least four centuries," geomagnetic specialist Ciaran Beggan from the British Geological Survey (BGS) told the Financial Times. "We really don't know much about the changes in the core that's driving it," Beggan added. Last week, scientists revealed the new version of the World Magnetic Model, a representational model that helps navigation systems to align with geographic reality, released every five years. The last update was released in 2015, making this update slightly early — an intentional attempt to catch up with the ever-increasing pace of the magnetic north's movement. The fluctuations could be caused by jet stream-like flows of liquid iron inside the Earth's core, though scientists are only beginning to understand those dynamics. A January report published in Nature suggests it could have something to do with hydromagnetic waves from deep in the planet’s core. While it won't be the first reversal of Earth's magnetic field, experts predict such a reversal won't happen for hundreds to thousands of years, as FT reports — the last reversal occurred 780,000 years ago. READ MORE:  Shift in Earth’s magnetic north throws navigators off course [Financial Times] More on magnetic north: Earth’s Magnetic Field Is Behaving Erratically, Baffling Scientists Share This Article 
Our bodies use electrical signals to send information from cell to cell. An unexpected surge in that electrical activity, though, can cause a seizure — and while not every seizure is the same, they can cause convulsions, difficulty breathing, loss of consciousness, or even death. Epilepsy is a disease characterized by repeated seizures. It affects approximately 3.5 million people in the United States, and about 3 percent — more than 100,000 — have what's known as photosensitive epilepsy, meaning visual stimuli, such as strobe lights, can trigger their seizures. That's the background for what may be the most appalling cyberattack we've every heard about — and its perpetrator is still unknown. During the first week of November, which is National Epilepsy Awareness Month, someone shared images of flashing or strobing lights via Twitter and tagged the posts with the Epilepsy Foundation's handle and hashtags, presumably in an attempt to trigger seizures in as many of the Foundations' 33,300 followers as possible. The Foundation has filed complaints with law enforcement and is now working with officials to track down the person or people responsible for the 30 reported attacks. "Twitter is one of the largest places of public gathering that exists today," Allison Nichol, the Epilepsy Foundation's director of legal advocacy, said in a statement. "These attacks are no different than a person carrying a strobe light into a convention of people with epilepsy and seizures, with the intention of inducing seizures and thereby causing significant harm to the participants." As bizarre as this situation might be, it's not the first time someone has used Twitter to try to trigger seizures. In 2016, author Kurt Eichenwald, who has epilepsy, opened a Twitter message containing a GIF of a strobe light and the message "You deserve a seizure for your posts." He subsequently had an eight-minute-long seizure. Three months later, the FBI arrested a man named John Rayne Rivello for the crime, which he reportedly committed because he didn't agree with Eichenwald's criticism of then-presidential candidate Donald Trump. As heinous as that crime might have been, at least there was some semblance of a motive for Rivello's actions. In the case of this new attack, it seems the cybercriminal must have something against people with epilepsy in general — or they're just a complete asshole trying to hurt people for no reason other than because they can. READ MORE: Epilepsy Foundation Was Targeted in Mass Strobe Cyberattack [The New York Times] More on seizures: A Wireless Neural Implant Might Jolt the Brain out of Seizures Share This Article 
Cobalt is essential to making rechargeable lithium-ion batteries, which means the corporations selling everything from smartphones to electric cars need a steady supply of the metal — and that supply chain typically starts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). The poor central African nation currently exports more than 60 percent of the world's cobalt, and its use of child labor to mine the metal has been widely reported, with many investigations noting the dangerous conditions faced by child miners. That's the context in which human rights firm International Rights Advocates filed a lawsuit Sunday in Washington D.C. against Apple, Microsoft, Dell, Alphabet, and Tesla on behalf of 14 parents and children from the DRC, alleging that the tech giants knew the cobalt they used to build their products was putting the lives of Congolese children in danger. "The young children mining Defendants’ cobalt are not merely being forced to work full-time, extremely dangerous mining jobs at the expense [of] their educations and futures," the lawsuit reads. "They are being regularly maimed and killed by tunnel collapses and other known hazards common to cobalt mining in the DRC." The lawsuit doesn't include the names of any of the plaintiffs, but it does note that some experienced life-changing injuries while working in the mines as children, often for about $2 per day. Other plaintiffs are the families of children who were hurt or even killed while mining cobalt. The lawsuit includes heartbreaking details on the experiences of several children who worked in the mines, noting injuries ranging from crushed limbs to paralyzation. Some of the families lost their children when the tunnels they were digging in collapsed. A Dell spokesperson told Futurism that the company is investigating the allegations. "We have never knowingly sourced operations using any form of involuntary labor, fraudulent recruiting practices or child labor," they said. "We work with suppliers to manage their sourcing programs responsibly. Any supplier with reports of misconduct is investigated and, if misconduct is found, removed from our supply chain." An Apple spokesperson, meanwhile, told Futurism that the company is committed to responsibly sourcing product materials and has established strict standards for suppliers. "In 2014, we were the first to start mapping our cobalt supply chain to the mine level, and since 2016, we have published a full list of our identified cobalt refiners every year, 100 percent of which are participating in independent third party audits," they said. "If a refiner is unable or unwilling to meet our standards, they will be removed from our supply chain. We’ve removed 6 cobalt refiners in 2019." None of the other defendants in the lawsuit responded to Futurism's request for comment by the time of publication. The plaintiffs’ lead counsel, Terry Collingsworth, however, did issue a statement. "In my 35 years as a human rights lawyer, I’ve never seen such extreme abuse of innocent children on a large scale," he said. "This astounding cruelty and greed need to stop." Editor's Note, 12/16/19, 3:40 p.m. EST: This article was updated to include a statement from Dell. Editor's Note, 12/16/19, 5:00 p.m. EST: This article was updated to include a statement from Apple. READ MORE: Apple and Google named in US lawsuit over Congolese child cobalt mining deaths [The Guardian] More on cobalt: Ingenious Gadget Could Harvest Battery Material From the Ocean Share This Article 
If you were to travel back in time to kill your grandparents — let's ignore the 'why' here, for the sake of argument — you would never have been born. Which means there was nobody to kill your grandparents. Which means you were actually born after all, which... hold up, what's going on here?! These kinds of brain-breaking paradoxes have been puzzling us forever, inspiring stories ranging from "Back to the Future" to "Hot Tub Time Machine." Now, New Scientist reports that physicists Barak Shoshany and Jacob Hauser from the Perimeter Institute in Canada have come up with an apparent solution to these types of paradoxes that requires a very large — but not necessarily infinite — number of parallel universes. They uploaded a paper of their research to the preprint archive arXiv last month. It describes a model in which a person could theoretically travel from one timeline to another by stepping through a hole in space-time, or wormhole, in a way that they claim is "mathematically possible." "The parallel universes approach that we suggest says there are different parallel universes where things are roughly the same, and each one is mathematically on a separate space-time manifold," Shoshany told New Scientist. "You can go between those manifolds when you travel back in time." Multiple timelines would allow you to travel to a different timeline and kill your grandparents without causing a paradox. But the number of timelines doesn't have to be infinite for this to work, the researchers calculated. The model does have a major drawback, at least for narrative purposes: time travel won't do any good for your own timeline. "What time travel means here is stepping between those histories — that’s even freakier," astrophysicist and dark matter expert Geraint Lewis at the University of Sydney, who was not involved in the research, told New Scientist. "At some level it doesn’t even feel like time travel anymore, because what’s the point of going back and killing Hitler if the second world war still plays out in the universe you’re from?" READ MORE: Time travel without paradoxes is possible with many parallel timelines [New Scientist] More on time travel: A New Model Debunks a Popular Argument Against Time Travel Share This Article 
As a content moderator for Facebook, it was literally Dublin resident Chris Gray's job to watch child abuse, animal torture, and executions — disturbing imagery that left his mental health in shambles. "You would wake up and you’re remembering the video of someone machine-gunning people in the Middle East somewhere," he told The Guardian, "trying to think whether there was an ISIS flag, and so whether it should be marked as terrorism-related or not." "It took me a year after I left to realize how much I’d been affected by the job," Gray continued. "I don’t sleep well, I get in stupid arguments, have trouble focusing." A doctor diagnosed Gray with post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of his 10 months working for CPL Resources, one of the firms Facebook pays to handle its content moderation — and now, he's spearheading a lawsuit against Facebook Ireland and CPL for causing that psychological trauma. "There are 40,000 people doing this shit," Gray told Vice News, a reference to the number of both contractors and direct employees moderating content for Facebook. "If I can get them better working conditions, better care, then that also improves the quality of the content moderation decisions and the impact on society." Gray is one of 12 former content moderators listed as plaintiffs in the lawsuit. Another, Sean Burke, also spoke to Vice about how the experience affected his mental health. "I've had to go on antidepressants because of working on the job," Burke told Vice. "At times I was solving my problems with alcohol to get to sleep because at least I wasn't dreaming when I slept after having a few drinks on me." In March, two former moderators filed a similar lawsuit against Facebook in California, alleging that their work for the company had caused them psychological trauma. However, as pointed out by Vice, this latest lawsuit could cause bigger problems for Facebook, because California's workplace-safety rules aren't as strict as Europe's. Additionally, Irish courts might be more willing that United States ones to force Facebook to disclose key details about the content that moderators view, which could help the plaintiffs' case that the company should be doing more to protect their mental health. "They are going to need to disclose just how much toxic content people are exposed to on a daily basis," Cori Crider, director of United Kingdom-based advocacy group Foxglove, which is assisting the plaintiffs in the lawsuit, told Vice. "How many beheadings? How much child pornography? How much animal torture? It's awful, but this is real stuff moderators are dealing with all the time." READ MORE: Bestiality, Stabbings and Child Porn: Why Facebook Moderators Are Suing the Company for Trauma [Vice] More on Facebook moderation: Former Content Moderators Are Suing Facebook Over PTSD and Trauma Share This Article 
Before the end of the year, Turkey will become the first nation to get its hands on a brand new military drone equipped with a machine gun. It's called the Songar, and it can carry 200 rounds of ammunition. A New Scientist story notes that the drone is accurate enough to hit a human target with every bullet fired from 200 meters (656 feet) away — a devastating level of accuracy in the already troubling space of drone warfare. Songar is the work of Turkish electronics firm Asisguard, and according to the company's website, a human can control the drone from a distance of 10 kilometers (6.2 miles). Using a single controller, they can operate up to three Songars simultaneously during the day or at night, looking through the devices' cameras and deciding when to fire their guns. Asisguard equipped the drone with two systems designed to address the issue of recoil affecting accuracy. One uses a group of sensors that account for variables ranging from a target's distance to the current wind speed. The other uses robotic arms to manually move the gun as needed to counteract the recoil. Songar isn't the first machine gun-equipped drone we've seen, and it's easy to see why the devices appeal to militaries: with an armed drone, a soldier can attack the enemy while staying out of harm's way. But as more and more armed drones emerge, it seems like just a matter of time before militaries decide to remove human operators from the equation altogether. In fact, that may already be happening as United States Defense Secretary Mark Esper accused China in November of selling autonomous killer drones to nations in the Middle East. So, while the drones that Asisguard plans to sell to Turkey later this month might require a human operator, there's a chance the next armed drones the nation adds to its arsenal will be autonomous — and that'll be when things get really scary. READ MORE: Turkey is getting military drones armed with machine guns [New Scientist] More on drones: New Warfare Drones are Small as a Quadcopter Share This Article 
Humanity is creating digital data at a breakneck pace — by 2020, experts predict that we'll produce an average of 1.7 megabytes of data for each person on Earth every second. And a tiny plastic bunny could be the key to storing all of it. Today, most data is stored in 1s and 0s, usually on magnetic- or optical-based systems such as hard drives or DVDs. That's far from ideal, given that the systems have a max lifespan of about a century and the amount of data each device can store is tiny compared to the massive amount humanity produces. Enter: DNA data storage. Past research has shown that it's possible to translate the 1s and 0s of binary code into the As, Ts, Cs, and Gs of DNA and then create artificial DNA molecules containing that code. A single gram of this DNA can store a billion terabytes of data and preserve it for potentially thousands of years. Now, a team of European scientists has found a way to store that DNA in essentially any object — a capability it demonstrated by encoding instructions for creating a 3D-printed plastic bunny right in the bunny itself. For their study, which was published in the journal Nature Biotechnology on Monday, the researchers first encoded the printing instructions for the bunny in DNA. They then encased that DNA in glass nanobeads and added the beads to the plastic used to 3D print the bunny. "Just like real rabbits, our rabbit also carries its own blueprint," researcher Robert Grass said in a press release. The scientists demonstrated the technology in meta fashion. After printing the first bunny, they lopped off a bit of its ear and extracted the DNA-containing beads. They then used a DNA sequencer to decode the instructions so they could create another bunny complete with the DNA-containing nanobeads — and then another, and another until they had five generations of identical bunnies "With this method, we can integrate 3D-​printing instructions into an object," Grass said, "so that after decades or even centuries, it will be possible to obtain those instructions directly from the object itself." Eventually, they believe their "DNA of Things" storage form could be used to embed data into countless physical objects — preserving it for far longer than today's hard drives and discs. READ MORE: 3D-printed bunny contains DNA instructions to make a copy of itself [New Scientist] More on DNA data storage: Scientists Just Stored the Hottest Album From 1998 in Literal DNA Share This Article 
When it comes to the state of residential solar power in 2019, there’s some good news and some bad news. The good news is that the startup costs have dropped by about 70 percent over the last ten years thanks to various government incentives and economies of scale. That means going solar has never been more affordable. And that, in theory, is great news for anybody who wants to reduce their carbon footprint and their monthly energy bill. The bad news? Figuring out the answer to the question, "Is solar power worth it?" depends on a number of complicated factors, which makes the solar marketplace difficult for the average consumer to navigate. But luckily, thanks to UnderstandSolar, figuring out if solar is right for you is as simple as filling out an online form.  UnderstandSolar is a third-party solar power advocate. What that means is that they do not sell or install solar energy systems. Instead, their job is to help the solar industry expand by educating consumers and making it easier for them to make the switch to solar energy. If you’re totally new to solar energy, UnderstandSolar will teach you everything you need to know, from how solar energy systems work, how they connect to the public grid, how much solar panels cost, and how long solar panels last. They’ll also give you an overview of all the financing and leasing options available, as well as any government tax incentives, including the Federal solar tax credit. Once you’re ready to take the next step, UnderstandSolar gives you a free personalized solar energy assessment. All you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. Once you’ve submitted the form, a solar energy expert will contact you via phone and go over your assessment and answer any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. In fact, it may turn out that solar energy isn’t right for you at all, in which case your UnderstandSolar representative will explain why. However, you might discover that you actually stand to lose money in the long run if you don’t go solar.  The value of any solar energy investment depends on the geographic location and topographical features of your property, not to mention its architectural features and any local ordinances and regulations. However, in most cases, solar energy systems add about 4.1% to the value of the average home, with higher rates occurring in major urban areas. One study found that buyers are generally willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And another study concluded that, assuming your house gets enough light, you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar installed. In short, when you factor in projected long term electricity rate hikes over the course of 20 years, an investment in solar energy can easily outperform traditional investments in the stock market. But again, everything depends on a number of different factors. Sound complicated? Well, it is. But UnderstandSolar can make it simple. Your UnderstandSolar representative will crunch all the numbers you didn’t even know existed and lay out all your options. Then, if you wish to proceed, they’ll help arrange in-home estimates with experienced installers in your area. Still asking yourself, "Is solar power worth it?" Then don’t wait until federal solar tax credit expires in 2022 to find out. Get your free solar energy report from UnderstandSolar, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
After many years of delay, NASA has finally shown off its Space Launch System (SLS), which it plans to use to ferry American astronauts to the Moon as soon as 2024. NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine told the public over the weekend that the rocket is "the most powerful rocket ever built," Engadget reports. Bridenstine also uploaded a video to Twitter yesterday of NASA running a test version of the SLS's gigantic liquid hydrogen fuel tank through its paces last week, intentionally breaking it in the process. It was capable of withstanding "more than 260% of expected flight loads over five hours before engineers detected a buckling point," according to a NASA statement. The tank is part of the SLS core stage and will play a critical role in NASA's Artemis cargo and astronaut missions to the Moon. NASA claims it's the only rocket that can pack Orion, NASA's deep space spacecraft, astronauts and supplies to the lunar surface in one go. The SLS project has faced many years of delays and has reportedly gone way over budget, costing an estimated $17 billion to develop. NASA had also originally planned its first test flight to happen this year. It's truly humongous, making up most of the height of NASA's 215-foot-tall test stand. In fact, the test is the "largest-ever controlled test-to-failure of a NASA rocket stage pressurized tank," according to the lead test engineer for the tank Mike Nichols. "We will be flying the Space Launch System for decades to come, and breaking the propellant tank today will help us safely and efficiently evolve the SLS rocket as our desired missions evolve," Neil Otte, chief engineer of the SLS Stages Office at the Marshall Space Flight Center, said in the statement. READ MORE: NASA unveils 'the most powerful rocket ever built' [Engadget] More on SLS: Here’s How Boeing is Planning to Get Astronauts to the Moon Share This Article 
NASA's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft has been orbiting asteroid Bennu since December 2018, roughly 100 million miles from the Sun. And a recent discovery about the 1,600-foot space rock has scientists scratching their heads, Wired reports: Bennu keeps spitting out rocks, sometimes as large as several feet across, into space. As detailed in a paper published in the journal Science last week, NASA researchers observed the asteroid ejecting matter "from otherwise unremarkable locations on Bennu." They've observed Bennu spewing out small rocks at least three times now since January 2019. "Among Bennu's many surprises, the particle ejections sparked our curiosity, and we’ve spent the last several months investigating this mystery," Dante Lauretta, OSIRIS-REx principal investigator at the University of Arizona, Tucson, said in a statement. "This is a great opportunity to expand our knowledge of how asteroids behave." The researchers are trying to figure out what is causing these "ejection events." "No one has ever seen an active asteroid up close like this," Carl Hergenrother, an astronomer at the University of Arizona, told Wired. "It wasn’t that long ago that the conventional wisdom was that asteroids are these dead bodies that didn’t change very much." The scientists have several theories. Meteoroid impacts could have caused Bennu to eject smaller fragments. Or the asteroid's wildly swinging surface temperatures could be dislodging rocks in a process called "surface stress fracturing." Alternately, water vapor could be causing pressure to build up, leading particles to pop out at cracks and pores in boulders. For now, though, scientists are left with more questions than answers. "What we’re seeing is something we would have never been able to see from the ground," Hergenrother told Wired. "So the question that is still on our minds is are we seeing a lower intensity process that is similar to what happens on other active asteroids, or is this something entirely different?" READ MORE: No One Knows Why Rocks Are Exploding From Asteroid Bennu [Wired] More on Bennu: NASA Photographs Asteroid That Could Smash Into Earth in 22nd Century Share This Article 
Harvard geneticist George Church's long list of lofty — but very possibly attainable — goals for the future of DNA research includes resurrecting the woolly mammoth, reversing human aging, and perhaps even helping you gain superhuman powers. Also on his professional to-do list? Create a dating app that matches users based on their likelihood of not passing genetic diseases along to their offspring. To understand how that might work, you need to know a bit about genetic inheritance, and specifically how genes can be dominant or recessive. As you might expect from the nomenclature, dominant genes take precedence over recessive ones — meaning that if two people have a baby, and one person has a dominant gene for a trait and the other has a recessive gene for it, the dominant gene is more likely to show up in their offspring. A simplified example: the gene for brown eye color is dominant, while the one for blue is recessive, so if a brown-eyed person and a blue-eyed person have a child, it'll likely have brown eyes. Some genetic diseases and conditions, such as sickle cell anemia, are caused by recessive genes. The average person carries an estimated 20 of those recessive genes, but most of the time, they don't even know it because they also inherited a "healthy" dominant gene from their parents that overshadows the recessive one. But if a carrier of a disease-causing recessive gene ends up having a baby with someone who also carries the same recessive gene, their offspring has a 25 percent chance of actually suffering from the disease — and that's the situation Church hopes to avoid with his in-development DNA dating app, according to a new interview with CBS's "60 Minutes." "You wouldn't find out who you're not compatible with," he told correspondent Scott Pelley. "You'll just find out who you are compatible with." "You're suggesting that if everyone has their genome sequenced and the correct matches are made, that all of these diseases could be eliminated?" correspondent Scott Pelley asked. "Right," Church replied. Of course, we're a long way from a world in which everyone has their genome sequenced. And we're even further from one in which everyone would be willing to let their genomic data help determine who they start a family with — after all, two carriers of a recessive gene for a disease can still have a healthy child, and no doubt some partners would be willing to take the risk in the name of love. Still, some people already automatically swipe left on potential mates for a litany of — sometimes bizarre — reasons. And if we could add "incompatible DNA" to the general list of dating dealbreakers, the end result could be a healthier human race. Share This Article 
A microbial descendant of some of Earth's earliest life can not only survive by eating meteorites, but also seemingly thrive on the space rocks — a finding that could help us detect signs of past life throughout the universe. Humans and all other animals need to eat organic matter to survive. The single-celled organism Metallosphaera sedula (M. sedula), however, can produce its energy by eating non-living things, such as metals — which allows it to thrive in some of the most hostile conditions on Earth, including inside volcanoes. For a new study published on Monday in the journal Scientific Reports, a team led by scientists at the University of Vienna decided to see what would happen if they tried to feed M. sedula some of the meteorite Northwest Africa 1172, which was discovered in 2000. To that end, they placed cells of the organism on sterilized slabs of the meteorite and fed other cells ground-up bits of it. A third group served as a control, with a diet of chalcopyrite, a copper-iron-sulphur mineral. Surprisingly, the M. sedula gobbled up the meteorite even more readily than it did the terrestrial food, with its numbers growing far quicker on the former than the latter. "We found that the reaction is quite happy," researcher Tetyana Milojevic told Motherboard. "Our students in the lab also immediately noticed the cells are very vivid, they're dancing on the space rock." Using an electron microscope, Milojevic’s team was able to see which specific meteorite metals their bacteria ate and chemically transformed, even after the organisms had died — and the scientists believe this information could help in our hunt for extraterrestrial life. "We performed this study to reveal microbial fingerprints — metal-containing microfossils — left on rocky extraterrestrial material," Milojevic told Gizmodo. "This should be helpful in tracing biosignatures for the search of life elsewhere in the Universe. If life ever occurred on another planet, similar microbial fingerprints could be still preserved in the geological record." READ MORE: Scientists Fed an Ancient Earth Organism Space Metals. It Started 'Dancing' [Motherboard] More on meteorites: NASA Says It Found Building Blocks of Life in Fallen Meteorites Share This Article 
It’s that time of year, again. Christmas is right around the corner. Hanukkah, too. Basically, if you celebrate a winter holiday that involves giving gifts to friends and loved ones, it’s time to start shopping. And if you’re looking for some cool gift ideas for science and tech lovers – or just a really unique product for someone special – you’ve come to the right place. Here at Futurism, we’ve put together a Holiday Gift Guide featuring some of our absolute favorite high-tech products and services of 2019. Whether you’re shopping for a mom who likes nothing, a friend who has everything, or a coworker you barely know, our gift guide has something for just about everybody. So start here, and make that special someone’s holiday extra merry and bright. If someone on your gift list is big into tech, chances are they're familiar with blockchain, the underlying technology that powers the decentralized Bitcoin network. Cryptocurrency aside, the disruptive new tech has the potential to dramatically alter many aspects of our society. And in Trust Machine: The Story Of Blockchain – which is narrated by Rosario Dawson – award-winning documentarian Alex Winter explores how the tech works and where it is likely to have the greatest impact. Trust Machine: The Story Of Blockchain is available on Amazon Prime Video, so click here to rent or buy it now. Do you have a friend or loved one who read about gut health on some natural health blog and is now obsessed with kombucha? If so, why not help them take the guesswork out of gut health this holiday season with the Gut Intelligence Test from Viome. The Gut Intelligence test is an easy-to-use at-home test that uses advanced science to map out every single microorganism living in your gut. Viome then runs this data through a powerful AI engine to determine what you should be eating to maximize your overall health, or to address specific issues such as weight loss, sleep issues, and mental clarity. Right now Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test is 63% off the regular price. Click here to order.  Normally a set of sheets would make a pretty lame present. But these are no ordinary sheets. Miracle Sheets are made with pure silver fibers that kill 99.9% of bacteria through a natural process called ionization. That means Miracle Sheets stays fresh three times longer than regular sheets, which means you do three times less laundry and your bed doesn’t stink. That makes them the perfect gift for that special someone who cares about reducing their carbon footprint, or who only tends to change their bedclothes twice a year. Available in four different colors and four sizes, all Miracle Sheets come with a 30-night risk-free trial, plus free shipping and returns. Click here to order. These days there are a number of different streaming services to choose from. However, they all offer pretty much the same kind of content. And very little of that content is intellectually stimulating or educational. That’s why John Hendricks, the founder and former CEO of Discovery Channel Communications, created Curiosity Stream. Curiosity Stream is the world’s only streaming service dedicated exclusively to nonfiction programming that deals with science, technology, nature, engineering, and history. With an emphasis on spectacular visuals and captivating storytelling, CuriosityStream's original content stars some of the most famous intellectuals and social influencers in the world, including Sir David Attenborough and the late great Stephen Hawking. Right now you can get a one-year subscription to Curiosity Stream for just $11.99. Click here to sign up. Most energy drinks just pump your brain full of caffeine and sugar. They make you more awake, but they don’t actually make your brain work better. That’s why the scientists at California-based Neurohacker Collective created Qualia Nootropic Energy, an all-in-one clean energy shot designed to enhance mental and athletic performance, boost memory and productivity, and promote alertness and focus. The main ingredients in Qualia Nootropic Energy are compounds called nootropics, which the brain uses as fuel for cognition. Each two-ounce shot contains 12 different nutrients that are meant to improve executive functions such as memory, creativity, and motivation. Neurohacker’s Qualia Nootropic Energy shots come with a 100-day satisfaction guarantee. New subscribers always get 50% off their first order, plus 14% off all subsequent orders. And right now, you can get an additional 15% off with coupon code FUTURISM. Click here to order. If you want to give that special someone a gift that will genuinely improve their quality of life, our gift guide has you covered. Forget jewelry and electronics. Instead, give them the gift of good sleep with Mellowment + Gravity CBD sleep supplements. Developed by Mellowment in collaboration with Gravity, makers of the world-famous Gravity weighted blankets, each Mellowment + Gravity gelcap contains 25mg of CBD, 1mg of melatonin, and 1 mg of chamomile. This unique formula undergoes a highly advanced nano emulsification process that essentially shrinks the active ingredients and suspends them in microscopic droplets of oil. This makes it easy for them to pass through cell walls, enhancing their overall bioavailability. Right now you can save $10 per bottle of Mellowment + Gravity when you subscribe to monthly shipments. Click here to order. If you’re looking for an educational gift for a young child, you’re going to love The Blocks Come Out at Night. Written by Javier Garay and illustrated by Keenan Hopson, The Blocks Come Out at Night is the first book in a new series aimed at introducing basic STEM concepts to children in grades K to 3. In it, a sister and brother named Samantha and Roger wake up to discover that their building blocks have come alive, and have secretly traveled to Paris in order to study the City of Light’s most famous structures and recreate them in the children’s bedroom. Before long, Lloyd the Block and his friend Sonia are teaching Samantha and Roger all about the properties of various materials, the strength of shapes, and thermal expansion, along with other important subject such as geography, language, culture, and art. The Blocks Come Out at Night uses fast-paced and engaging storytelling to teach kids cool facts and instill a broader appreciation for imagination and creativity, while simultaneously demonstrating that STEM and non-STEM subjects can be taught together in perfect harmony. Click here to order. The next product on our gift guide involves Dune by Frank Herbert. It's one of the most popular and influential science fiction novels of all time. Set thousands of years in the future, in an interstellar feudal society in which noble houses jockey to control distribution of a drug called melange, which extends life, enhances mental abilities, and makes it possible for humans to survive hyperspace travel, Dune spawned a 1984 film by David Lynch, a 2000 miniseries by John Harrison, another film scheduled for release in 2020 by Dennis Villeneuve, and of course a popular 1979 strategy board game. Now, 40 years later, that board game has been re-released just in time for the holiday shopping seasons. Though the gameplay is fairly intricate, Dune essentially lets you scheme and wage war to gain as much control of the precious melange as possible. Any fan of classic science fiction will totally geek out over this long-lost game. Click here to order. If you’re looking for a game that involves a little less scheming and a lot more shouting, you’ve got to check out Spaceteam. Billed as a “fast-paced, cooperative, shouting card game,” Spaceteam was originally launched on Kickstarter back in 2015, where it raised $200,000 from 5,000 people in just 30 days. The premise of the game is simple: you and up to five other players are on a malfunctioning spaceship. Each player has five “tool cards” that represent a specific skill. “Tool cards” work on specific “malfunction cards” that are randomly drawn from a deck and represent the problems plaguing your spaceship. “Tool cards” can be passed from side to side, but never across, so your team has to figure out how to move the “tool cards” around in the time allotted before the spaceship blows up. Each Spaceteam set comes with 90 cards, a timer, a box, and, obviously, instructions. This game has received tons of rave reviews. Click here to learn more or to order. Last but not least on our gift guide is a product that is both near and dear to our hearts. If you know someone with a slightly dark sense of humor who enjoys satire, science and technology, and old-fashioned paper books, they’ll probably love Cartoons from Tomorrow: A Futuristic Comic Collection. Written by Luke Kingma and illustrated by Lou Patrick Mackay, Cartoons from Tomorrow is based on the popular Futurism Cartoons Instagram feed. It takes a sardonic and absurdist look at humanity’s evolving relationship with science and technology, makes half-serious predictions about what the future might look like, and occasionally stumbles upon poignant observations about some of the coolest and most terrifying things happening in our world today, from artificial intelligence and politics to environmental degradation and economics. Cartoons from Tomorrow features 125 single-panel comics, including 80 all-new cartoons that have been seen on Instagram. Click here to order. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA's Parker Solar Probe made the closest ever flyby of the Sun in August 2018, collecting massive amounts of data using cutting-edge scientific instruments from a distance of 15 million miles — a mission that also, incidentally, set the record for the fastest-ever human-made object of all time. Now, scientists are starting to release what they learned from the data it collected. Four new papers published in the journal Nature Wednesday reveal new findings that could rewrite the way we understand the way stars are born, evolve, and die. They could also help us find new ways to protect astronauts from harsh space weather during long distance trips through the Solar System. "The complexity was mind-blowing when we first started looking at the data," said Stuart Bale, lead researcher for the probe's onboard instrument suite at the University of California, Berkeley. "Now, I’ve gotten used to it. But when I show colleagues for the first time, they’re just blown away." The most startling discovery the teams made was that magnetic fields emanating from our star seemed to unexpectedly flip back and forth, causing local disturbances — what scientists dubbed "switchbacks" — which can even cause them to point back at the Sun at times. The cause of these switchbacks is still a mystery to scientists, but they could eventually allow us to understand how energy flows away from the Sun and throughout the Solar System. "Waves have been seen in the solar wind from the start of the space age, and we assumed that closer to the Sun the waves would get stronger, but we were not expecting to see them organize into these coherent structured velocity spikes," said Justin Kasper, principal investigator at the University of Michigan said in a statement. The scientists also found that the Sun's radiation vaporizes cosmic dust particles around itself, leaving a 3.5 million mile dust-free zone. They also found that solar winds rotate around the Sun at speeds "nearly ten times larger than predicted by the standard models," according to Kasper. The mission also marks the first time that solar wind flows were observed still rotating around the Sun, rather than shooting off at a perpendicular velocity from the star — the kind of straight trajectories we observe from Earth. "The Sun is the only star we can examine this closely," Nicola Fox, director of the Heliophysics Division at NASA Headquarters, said in the statement. "Getting data at the source is already revolutionizing our understanding of our own star and stars across the universe. Our little spacecraft is soldiering through brutal conditions to send home startling and exciting revelations." The probe will be attempting to get even closer to the Sun during an encounter on January 29, 2020. READ MORE: NASA probe 'touches' sun, discovers unexpected changes in solar wind [CNET] More on the probe: Here’s the Closest Picture We’ve Ever Taken of the Sun Share This Article 
SpaceX's Starlink satellites could cost us more than a clear view of the stars. Astronomers have told Axios they fear the mega-constellation of tiny satellites could make it harder to spot asteroids near Earth — and that could mean they might not see one on a collision course with our planet in time to stop it. Eventually, SpaceX hopes to have thousands of Starlink satellites in Earth's orbit as part of its plan to provide the world with internet access. So far, though, the constellation consists of just 120 satellites — but even that relatively low number has been enough to impede astronomers' view of the night sky. "Wow!! I am in shock!!" astronomer Clarae Martínez-Vázquez tweeted in November. "The huge amount of Starlink satellites crossed our skies tonight at @cerrotololo. Our [Dark Energy Camera] exposure was heavily affected by 19 of them!" While most asteroids are harmless, even SpaceX's own CEO Elon Musk has predicted that "a big rock will hit Earth eventually." Even a relatively small space rock can cause tremendous damage if it makes impact with the Earth — and spotting them is already difficult. As Starlink grows, the light from the satellites could make detecting asteroids even harder, experts told Axios. Now that it appears too late to stop SpaceX from moving forward with Starlink, astronomers may be left with no choice but to develop new — and potentially costly — detection methods. Those might include space-based asteroid-detecting telescopes, they told Axios, or software that can account for SpaceX's satellites in images produced by ground-based telescopes. "The astronomy community dropped the ball," astronomer Jonathan McDowell told Axios. "We should have been on this 10 years ago and we didn't see it coming." READ MORE: Thousands of new satellites could make asteroid hunting harder [Axios] More  on Starlink: Scientists: SpaceX Satellites Threaten "Astronomy Itself" Share This Article 
On Saturday, Tesla CEO Elon Musk tweeted that "with extreme effort," the company's controversial new pickup truck could hit an extremely low drag coefficient — a quantifier often used to denote air resistance — that'd be "insane for a truck." In his tweet, Musk claimed the Cybertruck could reach a drag coefficient of 0.3, making it more aerodynamic than the Ram 1500, the most aerodynamic model in the high capacity truck market in 2019, which has a coefficient of around 0.36, according to CNET. Tesla's Model 3, for comparison, is far more aerodynamic with a coefficient of just 0.23. Aerodynamics are extremely important in electric vehicles, because air resistance can heavily impact the number of miles you can squeeze out of a battery pack — particularly when you're battling other forces such as pulling a massive trailer or driving with thousands of pounds of lumber in the bed. Musk's tweet was in response to an investigation by aerospace engineer Justin Martin, who found that the truck's unusual shape mostly only caused turbulence at the peak of the windshield and, as expected, behind the vehicle. Since Martin didn't know the shape of the fenders and wheel wells, he decided not to estimate a drag coefficient, as Interesting Engineering points out. "While it may occur to be happenstance that the [aerodynamics turned] out quite well, I believe this was actually the result of very clever design," wrote Martin in an Instagram caption. "I won't quote a drag coefficient, as I [don't] want to put words in anyone's mouth, but I will place money on it being much lower than most sports cars (due to down force), and nearly any (1/2 ton) truck period." Musk also noted that "laminar air flow due to a completely smooth bottom is underappreciated" in a follow up tweet, referring to the fact that many electric vehicles, Tesla's included, have an almost completely flat bottom thanks to their battery packs. Conventional pickup trucks have complex underbodies, including axles, driveshafts, and other components sticking out, creating air resistance. But not everybody agrees with Martin's conclusion. Most of these fluid dynamics simulations rely on assumptions. Wheel wells, bumpers, and side view mirrors — which are still legally mandated in most of the U.S. but were lacking in the model Tesla showed off — could drastically change the results once the final consumer model rolls off the line two years from now. Drag coefficients also don't provide a complete picture of how efficiently an electric vehicle will use available power. "The drag coefficient as a concept is useful, but it is only one point of reference," professor of environmental fluid mechanics at the University of Birmingham Chris Baker told Inverse last week. "It says nothing about how drag varies with small cross winds, how the vehicle handles in cross winds, what the overall energy consumption is." Other aspects such as regenerative breaking, and the gearing and efficiency of the motors used will affect the range as well. And that's without mentioning the Cybertruck's stainless steel exoskeleton, which will likely make it considerably heavier than other cars in the same segment. READ MORE: The Tesla Cybertruck could be insanely aerodynamic, Musk says [CNET] Share This Article 
We are right in the thick of the holiday shopping season, and for most of us, that means buying gifts for loved ones. And normally, some of those loved ones are a little easier to shop for than others. But if you happen to be looking for a unique necklace or bracelet for the science or history lover on your list, Mini Museum has you covered. That's because Mini Museum specializes in selling rare, miniature specimens and artifacts—ancient and modern, natural and man-made—at a price that's affordable to everyone. And the following museum-worthy necklaces and bracelets are no exception. This Asteroid Belt Solar System Bracelet contains real fragments from the Asteroid Belt dating back some 4,500,000,000 years. That’s in addition to the array of other semi-precious stones that were selected to represent the other bodies in our solar system: The Sun (Citrine), Mercury (Black Labradorite), Venus (Riverstone), Earth (Lapis Lazuli), the Moon (Silver Crazy Lace Agate), Mars (Red Malachite), Jupiter (Botswana Agate), Saturn (Honey Tiger Eye), Uranus (Amazonite), Neptune (Angelite), Pluto (Picture Jasper), and the Universe beyond (Obsidian). As for the asteroid pieces, they’re a mixture of howardite, eucrite, diogenite, all taken from an impact basin on the southern hemisphere of the Belt’s second-largest asteroid: Vesta. It’s a real piece of space-borne craftsmanship and makes the perfect gift for the space lover in your life. Those acquainted with vampire lore are aware that vampires like Dracula require their native soil to survive. On the other hand, silver is like poison to any blood-drinking immortal. Which means that no real vampire would ever wear this Silver Necklace adorned by a small handcrafted glass vial of “Dracula Soil,” or earth taken from Cetatea Poenari, one of the known stomping grounds of Vlad Tepes III, Prince of Wallachia (better known as the historical basis for Count Dracula). If you know any vampire enthusiasts, this could be the perfect gift for them. Quantities are limited, though, so if you’re interested, you better act now. The most prestigious item in this trio of Mini Museum rarities is the Mummy Beads Necklace. It’s available in three different styles, all made with ceramic beads that were made by ancient Egyptians thousands of years ago. Gold or silver necklaces sporting one-of-a-kind assortments of disc-shaped beads in multiple colors are available for either $139 or $129. And for $99 you can get a gold chain and single barrel-shaped blue bead (pictured above), all crafted to last through eternity via the techniques of ancient Egypt. If you know any amateur Egyptologists or Mummy fans this is a great opportunity to brighten their holiday season in style. So if you’re lucky enough to know someone interested in space, vampires, or ancient Egypt, or better yet someone who’s into all three, you can get your holiday shopping done right now at Mini Museum. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Some people are really into the whole Black Friday thing. They love getting up early the day after Thanksgiving and lining up outside some big box store for their chance to score some heavily discounted deals. If you are one of these people, more power to you! However, if you are, instead, the kind of person who’d rather spend the day after Thanksgiving lounging around in your pajamas instead of fighting bargain-hungry hordes, there are still plenty of amazing deals to be had on Cyber Monday 2019. “Cyber Monday,” of course, refers to the Monday after Thanksgiving, when consumers are supposed to get the best deals from online retailers. The term was coined in 2005 by Ellen Davis, president of the National Retail Federation, in an effort to kickstart online holiday shopping. And it worked. In 2017, Cyber Monday sales grew to a new all-time high of $6.6 billion, which was more than double what it was in 2015. This upward trend in Cyber Monday sales is expected to continue this year. In fact, some experts say Cyber Monday 2019 will be the biggest online shopping day in U.S. history, with sales that could approach, or even surpass, $10 billion. What does that mean for you? It means that for Cyber Monday 2019, you can get better deals on a wider variety of unique products and services than ever before. And to make things easy for you, here’s a list of some of the coolest deals we’ve found so far. You’re welcome.  Have you ever wondered why they don’t make dress clothes out of the same high-tech, stretchable, and breathable materials they use for athletic clothes? Well, guess what? Now they do. Behold the revolutionary Kinetic Pant from Ministry of Supply. These pants are made from Japanese Primaflex®, a warp-knit polyester fabric that has the feel and structure of a woven, but bends and stretches like a knit. Their four-way-stretch gives you a flattering modern fit without sacrificing mobility. Available in four different colors and two different fits, the Kinetic Pant is moisture-wicking, water repellent, machine washable, and wrinkle-resistant—or in other words, just about perfect. Cyber Monday Deal: get 20% off sitewide with coupon code BF2019.  This season, give yourself or someone you love the gift of enhanced cognitive performance with Qualia Mind from Neurohacker Collective. One of the world’s most advanced cognitive enhancement supplements, Qualia Mind is a blend of nootropics, neuro-vitamins, antioxidants, adaptogens, amino acids, and choline donors that have been scientifically proven to promote neuron and synapse development, neuroplasticity, neurogenesis, energy, healthy cell structure, and cerebral blood flow. What does that mean in regular everyday English? It means Qualia Mind helps you think more clearly, giving you more willpower, energy, creativity, and focus. Cyber Monday Deal: get free shipping on all orders through December 3. New subscribers always get 50% off their first order, plus 14% off all subsequent orders. Get an addtional 15% off with coupon code FUTURISM.  These days, just about everybody takes CBD for something. And most people take it in the form of pills or tinctures. However, when it comes to relieving pain and inflammation in skin, muscles, and joints, recent research suggests CBD is way more effective when administered transdermally. That’s why Utah-based Boojum Life created an entire line of topical CBD body oils. Though each individual formula promotes a different wellness goal, they all contain a scientifically advanced full-spectrum hemp oil made of dozens of terpenes, terpenoids, and cannabinoids that interact and synergize, maximizing their effects. Cyber Monday Deal: get 30% off sitewide with coupon code CM2019.  Looking for a smart speaker that has outstanding sound and is compatible with both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant? Look no further than the Bose Home Speaker 500. It combines the crystal clear wall-to-wall sound you’ve come to expect from Bose speakers with the convenience of modern voice-command technology. Thanks to a specially designed eight-microphone array that can actually pick up your voice over loud music from across the room, you can simply tell Alexa or Google to play music via streaming services like Spotify and Google Play music. You can also stream music from your mobile device thanks to built-in WiFi, Bluetooth, and Airplay connectivity. Cyber Monday Deal: get 25% off. No code required.  Tired of sharing your smartphone or tablet with your kids? Maybe it’s time to get them their own device. The Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition has an 8” display, a ten-hour battery, 32GB of storage, a micro-SD slot, and a handy kid-proof case to protect it from the inevitable drops and bounces. Best of all, on Cyber Monday 2019, you can get it for less than a hundred bucks. That’s a small price to pay to keep your phone or tablet away from those sticky fingers, don’t you think? Cyber Monday Deal: get 38% off. No code required.  Ask any cybersecurity expert and they’ll tell you that one of the best ways to protect your online security is by using strong, unique passwords for all of your online accounts (and to update them every couple of months). Unfortunately, actually doing this is really hard when you have 70-plus online accounts. That’s why you need Dashlane, a password management app that helps you create and remember strong passwords. The free version lets you create and store up to 50 passwords on a single device. However, the premium version lets you store unlimited passwords and sync them across all your devices. It also automatically updates your passwords and gives you a VPN for WiFi protection. So the question isn’t who needs this service, but rather who doesn’t? Cyber Monday Deal: get 20% off a one-year subscription with coupon code CM2019  There is nothing we can do to stop aging. However, thanks to a revolutionary new supplement called Basis, we can age better. The not-so-secret ingredients in Basis are crystalline nicotinamide riboside and pterostilbene, which the human body converts into a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+. This molecule plays a vital role in cellular metabolism and the cellular aging process. For whatever reason, NAD+ levels in humans and all other organisms decline with age. However, Basis boosts NAD+ levels by 40 percent to maximize cellular health, boost energy, and support healthy sleep, all of which should help mitigate the aging process. Cyber Monday Deal: get $80 any annual subscription with coupon code CyberMonday.  Everybody loves a good conversation piece. And if you happen to have any amateur astronomers on your holiday shopping list, they will get untold hours of conversation out of the Luna Levitating Moon. It’s an exact 3D replica of the moon printed from NASA satellite images. Best of all, it glows... levitates... and rotates a full 360 degrees. Whether kept on display like an enchanting sculpture or kept on a bedside table as a soothing lamp, the Luna Levitating Moon is a perfect, one-of-a-kind gift for just about anyone. Cyber Monday Deal: get 13% off. No coupon code required.  Looking for something really special for a kid (or adult) with an interest in engineering, programming, and robotics? Check out the Hiwonder H3S 16DOF Biped Humanoid Robot Kit. With sturdy metal parts and an Arduino-powered operating system, this robot is capable of precise agile motions. It can walk, dance, somersault, do push-ups, sit-ups, and so much more. And it’s all controlled through a free app on your Android or iOS device. Want to take things a step further? The kit also comes with free video tutorials that teach you how to create and program new functions. Cyber Monday Deal: get $200 off. No code required.  Last but not least is the perfect gift for anybody who, uh... wears shoes. Which, if our math is correct, is pretty much everybody. The Vessi Men’s Everyday sneaker looks like an ordinary fashion-forward sneaker. It has a stylish knit upper and a cushy flexible sole that provides all-day comfort. As such, it’s pretty much a perfect all-purpose shoe that can take you from the workplace to the bar, to the gym, to the great outdoors. However, what really sets the Vessi Everyday apart from other shoes, and what you’d never guess by looking at it, is that it's completely, 100-percent waterproof thanks to a patented high-tech material called Dyma-tex. That means you can say goodbye to soggy feet forever. Cyber Monday Deal: buy 1 and get $20 off plus a $20 gift card. No code required. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Smart TVs often come equipped with microphones or cameras that enable you to control the device via your voice or use it for video chatting. Those features can be useful, but if you picked up a smart TV during the year-end buying blitz that kicked off on Black Friday — or plan to purchase one soon — the FBI wants you to know that the device could be used to spy on you or the loved one you plan to gift it to this Christmas. On Tuesday, the FBI’s Portland field office published a blog post detailing all the ways someone could take advantage of a smart TV's features for nefarious purposes. "Beyond the risk that your TV manufacturer and app developers may be listening and watching you, that television can also be a gateway for hackers to come into your home," the agency wrote. "A bad cyber actor may not be able to access your locked-down computer directly, but it is possible that your unsecured TV can give him or her an easy way in the backdoor through your router." This isn't the first time someone has sounded the alarm over smart TVs' security vulnerabilities. A 2018 Consumer Reports investigation found that millions of smart TVs have easy-to-exploit security flaws, and white hat hackers have demonstrated how bad actors could take over the devices. In June, electronics manufacturer Samsung even tweeted a reminder to owners of its smart TV to scan their sets for viruses every few weeks in order to "prevent malicious software attacks" — and then deleted the tweet after media coverage sparked backlash. Smart TVs are clearly a viable point of entry for hackers. But that doesn't mean you can't have your smart TV and enjoy your privacy, too, according to the FBI's post. The agency suggests doing your research before buying a smart TV to ensure you understand any security vulnerabilities. If you do buy a TV, make sure to change any default passwords and figure out how you can turn off its cameras or microphones. And if all else fails, the FBI suggests going back to basics and placing a piece of black tape over a smart TVs' camera. It might look a bit hokey, but it's better than giving a hacker a window right into your home. READ MORE: Now even the FBI is warning about your smart TV’s security [TechCrunch] More on smart TVs: Samsung: Scan Your Smart Tv for Viruses Every Week or Else Share This Article 
Financially speaking, Black Friday is the best time of year to get your holiday shopping done. But if you’re a bargain junkie who doesn't love the thrill of the stampede, the whole thing can be a bit overwhelming. And if we’re being perfectly honest, the biggest Black Friday deals – a.k.a. the doorbusters – are usually kind of boring, anyway. Luckily, we’re here to make Black Friday simple. And more awesome. If you don’t feel like getting up at 5 a.m. the day after Thanksgiving and elbowing people in the head to get to that pallet of off-brand TVs or half-priced pressure cookers, fear not. Below you’ll find a list of awesome Black Friday deals on some really innovative products and services. Not only are they way cooler than anything you’ll get at a big box store, but you can wake up on Friday morning (or right now), order them from the comfort of your own bed, and then roll over and go back to sleep. Whether you’re looking for a truly unique gift for that special someone, or you’re just shopping for yourself, there’s something on this list for just about everybody. So take a look. Major sports apparel companies have been making innovative athletic clothing out of high-tech, stretchable, breathable materials for a long time now. However, for some reason, regular casual and dress clothes have been stuck in the past. But that’s about to change with the Kinetic Pant from Ministry of Supply. These pants are made from Japanese Primaflex®, a warp-knit polyester fabric that has the feel and structure of a woven, but bends and stretches like a knit. Their four-way-stretch gives you a flattering modern fit without sacrificing mobility. Moisture-wicking, water repellent, machine washable, and wrinkle-resistant, the Kinetic Pant is available in four different colors and two different fits. Black Friday Deal: get 20% off site wide with coupon code BF2019. Nothing promotes overall health and wellness more than a good night’s sleep. So this year, give yourself or someone you love the gift of good sleep with the revolutionary Molecule Mattress. Made from four unique layers of proprietary memory foam, this mattress is scientifically engineered to wick moisture, maximize airflow, regulate temperature, and provide 5-zone dynamic support that specifically targets every part of your body. It comes with a free shipping, zero-percent financing, a lifetime warranty, and a 100-night risk-free trial. So basically, you’d be crazy to not give it a try. Black Friday Deal: get 20% off site wide with coupon code BLACKFRI20. Is someone you know still sending sensitive information like credit card numbers or passwords over unsecured networks? Give them the gift of online privacy and security with a subscription to TunnelBear. One of the world’s simplest and most secure virtual private networks (VPN, TunnelBear encrypts all your data so hackers can’t steal it and prevents your Internet service provider and "Big Data" from monitoring your online activity. Black Friday Deal: get 50% off a 1-year subscription. No code required. There is nothing we can do to stop aging. However, thanks to advancements in our understanding of how aging works on a cellular level, we can age better. And that’s what Eternus is designed to do. It contains 38 different ingredients to comprehensively support all major aspects of cellular health, including NAD+, a diversity of polyphenols, several mitochondrial antioxidants, ingredients for muscle performance and resilience, and a variety of minerals often found in so-called “Blue Zones” around the world where human life has unusually long averages. And these ingredients aren’t just thrown together, haphazardly. Through untold hours of research, trial, and error, Eternus’ team of scientists discovered the ideal doses and combinations that result in powerful synergies between these ingredients. The result is a supplement that claims to help slow the aging process at the cellular level. Black Friday Deal: get free shipping on all orders until December 3. Get 15% off with coupon code FUTURISM. Normally you might think a set of bath towels would make a pretty lame Christmas present. But as the name implies, these are no ordinary towels. Miracle Towels are infused with pure silver fibers that kill 99.9 percent of bacteria through a natural process called ionization. That means they stay fresh three-times longer than regular towels, meaning you do three times less laundry. It also means fewer nasty odors as well as cleaner, healthier skin. Perfect for anyone who cares about reducing their carbon footprint or just hates doing laundry, each Miracle Towel set comes with two bath towels, two hand towels, and two washcloths. They come in four different colors, and all orders get free shipping and free returns. Black Friday Deal: get 20% off sitewide. No code required. Every day, millions of Americans rely on stimulants to help them focus and get things done. For most, the stimulant of choice is caffeine. In fact, it's the most widely used psychoactive drug in the world. However, more and more people also rely on prescription stimulants like amphetamines and methylphenidate, more commonly known as Adderall and Ritalin. The bad news is that all stimulants come with some unwanted side effects. The good news is that there’s now a supplement set called Recoop that has been specifically designed to reduce these side effects. Recoop Balance contains a blend of natural ingredients that minimize the side effects of stimulants, allowing you to focus without the anxiety, irritability, mood swings, and crashes. Recoop Recovery contains a blend of natural ingredients that help your brain wind down and get the regenerative sleep it needs. Recoop Balance and Recoop Recovery were designed to be taken together. Best of all, the set comes with a 30-day 100-percent satisfaction guarantee. Black Friday Deal: get 50% off when you monthly subscriptions. No code required. Inflammation is the number one cause of everyday aches and pains, not to mention the most common degenerative diseases, including coronary artery disease, diabetes, cancer, and Alzheimer's. Luckily, treating inflammation doesn’t have to involve powerful and potentially addictive pharmaceuticals. Mellowment for Inflammation contains a scientifically advanced blend of nano-emulsified CBD and curcumin which provide natural relief from inflammation without unwanted side effects. Each bottle contains 30 softgels. And each softgel contains a 25mg dose of CBD and a 10mg dose of curcumin. Mellowment’s CBD extracts are engineered from Colorado-grown hemp and are THC-free. Black Friday Deal: get 40% off sitewide. Use code TURKEY. Unique home decor items always make an excellent gift, and this Christmas you probably won’t find anything more unique or utterly mesmerizing than the AIRSAI Floating Bonsai Pot. As the name suggests, this stylish pot actually levitates over its base. It also rotates continuously, which, in addition to looking really cool, has the added benefit of nourishing your plant with 360-degree sunlight. Incredibly futuristic and yet stunningly simple, the AIRSAI Floating Bonsai Plant Pot will make an amazing gift for anybody with a love of plants or design... or levitation. Black Friday Deal: get 50% off. No code required. A new high-tech mattress isn’t the only way to give the gift of better sleep this holiday season. If you or someone you know is one of the 37-million Americans affected by regular snoring, you need to take a look at the revolutionary Smart Nora sleep system. Unlike almost every other anti-snoring device on the market, Smart Nora is completely contact-free and doesn’t require you to change anything about the way you sleep. Snoring occurs when muscles in your neck, tongue, and throat relax, and inhalation vibrates your loosened and sagging airway walls. The ingenious Smart Nora sleep system works by gently stimulating your neck via an inflatable insert stashed underneath your pillow, preventing snoring without physically propping open your airways. The system works for almost everybody, but it also comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee, just in case. Black Friday Deal: get $10 off with coupon code SINGUP10. Last but not least is the perfect big-ticket item for the gadget head on your shopping list: the Sindoh 3DWOX DP200 3D Printer. This 3D printer offers fully automated filament loading, assisted print bed leveling, and easy-to-use desktop software that makes 3D printing as simple as printing on a 2D piece of paper. With a max build size of 7.9”x7.9”x7.3”, you can print thousands of different models, parts, or designs, whether you create them yourself with design software like Autodesk, or you download them from open source websites like Thingverse. Black Friday Deal: get 35% off. No code required. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Despite the fact that we live in a highly advanced technological society, when it comes to important things like health and nutrition, a lot of people are still willing to take most of their advice from bloggers and social media influencers who have little to no scientific training. This is especially true when it comes to gut health and the gut microbiome. Luckily, the scientists and researchers at Viome are on a mission to change all that. Over the past few decades, the scientific community has made some incredible advancements in our understanding of the human gut microbiome. We now know, for example, that the complex community of bacteria and other microorganisms that live in our digestive tract affects almost every system in the body, including the digestive system, immune system, and cardiovascular system. There have also been studies that specifically link gut health to a number of human diseases and conditions, such as diabetes, obesity, irritable bowel syndrome, and colon cancer. But how do we put this information to use? A lot of people have been led to believe that you can ward off all these illnesses and conditions simply by eating a bunch of exotic fermented foods you saw on Instagram. Unfortunately, that’s like throwing a bunch of random ingredients into a pot and hoping they turn into your favorite soup. The stuff you put into the pot might be delicious, but different soups call for different ingredients. Similarly, one of the most important things we’ve learned about the human gut microbiome in recent years is that everyone is totally unique. Thus, what’s good for one gut isn’t necessarily what’s good for the next. That’s why, if you want to get serious about gut health, you need to start by taking the Gut Intelligence Test by Viome.  At Viome, their goal is to take the guesswork out of building a healthy gut. To do that, they’ve created the world’s most scientifically advanced microbiome test. A microbiome test is like a DNA test, only instead of mapping out genes, it maps out the specific strains of bacteria and other microorganisms that live in your digestive tract. What makes Viome’s test superior to any others currently available is its proprietary microbe identification technology and its advanced analytics engine. Viome is the only company in the world that uses advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing technology, which was originally developed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory for national security purposes. This technology helps them identify and quantify all the strains and species of microorganisms in your gut and determine exactly how active they all are. Then Viome runs all this data through an advanced AI algorithm called VIE, which uses a massive and continually growing database of information to come up with personalized nutrition recommendations. When your gut microbiome is out of balance, your body doesn’t absorb nutrients the way it should. It can also produce toxins that cause inflammation, which scientists now realize is at the root of almost every chronic disease. The foods Viome recommends are intended to stimulate your microbiome so that it maximizes the production of healthy nutrients and minimizes the production of toxins. With the Gut Intelligence Test by Viome, you don’t have to go to a cold sterile lab to be poked and prodded. The entire process is pain-free and takes place in the comfort of your own home. Once you place your order, Viome will send you an easy to use, non-invasive at-home kit to collect your sample. Then you simply return your sample using the postage-paid box provided, and Viome will process it and send you the results. With Viome, all test results and dietary recommendations come with detailed explanations, and all of them are conveniently delivered straight to your phone via the Viome mobile app, which makes them incredibly easy to put into action. The default reports and recommendations are aimed at increasing microorganism species associated with overall wellness and decreasing species typically associated with poor health. However, you can also customize your recommendations based on specific health and wellness goals, including weight loss, better sleep, or increased mental clarity. Viome does not promise that everyone who takes their test will see the same level of results because not all health and wellness issues can be fixed by diet alone. What Viome does promise is a better, more scientific understanding of what’s going on in your body. Right now, Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test is 62 percent off the regular price. If you’re tired at guessing about matters related to your health and wellness, order your test from Viome today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with Viome, who is offering Futurism readers $20 off with code FUTURISM. They help us keep the lights on, and Futurism may receive a commission from sales. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everybody knows it’s important to plan for your financial future. The trick is figuring out how to get the most of the money you can afford to invest. Luckily, thanks to some recent changes in SEC regulations, normal everyday people can now invest in low-risk high-return real estate portfolios that were previously only available to the extremely wealthy. What’s more, there are a number of new online real estate investing platforms that provide high tech tools that make everything way easier than you might think. Before we get to these online real estate investing platforms, however, we’ve got to clarify what kind of investing we’re talking about. We are not talking about buying so-called “income properties,” or fixing up your basement and renting it out so you can pay your mortgage off faster. Those types of real estate investments make great TV shows, but they’re not the best way to plan for your future. The type of real estate investing we’re talking about here is a new kind of pooled fund investing for the 21st century, one that slots right into traditional diversified investment portfolios aimed at long-term growth. Pooled fund investing is when money is collected from many investors and aggregated into one giant investment portfolio. These funds are operated and managed by professional money managers. They allow individual investors to achieve greater growth and stability than they would be able to achieve by investing their own, thanks to economies of scale and the expertise of the firms managing the funds. The most common types are mutual funds, hedge funds, pension funds, and exchange-traded funds, or ETFs, and regular investors have had access to these for a long time. However, these types of pooled funds are only allowed to invest in publicly traded securities like stocks and bonds. Historically, pooled funds that invested in the private real estate market were only available to institutional investors and high net worth individuals because the minimum investment requirements were so high. And that was unfortunate because the private real estate market typically offers better and more consistent returns than the stock market. The good news is that recent advancements in computer technology and data science have led to the development of highly advanced crowdfunding platforms. These have opened up a whole new world of possibilities when it comes to raising capital, and the SEC has responded by loosening restrictions and opening up pooled fund real estate investing to everybody. Today there are a number of new online real estate investing platforms ready to help you add a new highly lucrative asset class to your portfolio. Below we’ll give you a brief rundown of some of the most noteworthy options. Who Can Join: anyone Minimum Investment: $500 Historical Annual Returns: 8.7% to 12.4% Annualized Dividend Yield: 7.75% Fees: 0.85% annual asset management fee and 0.15% annual investment advisory fee Fundrise is a simple online real estate investing platform that basically works like an ETF, only instead of investing your money in a portfolio of public stocks and bonds you’re investing it into REITs or eFunds, which are simply portfolios of private real estate assets. These portfolios are handpicked by Fundrise’s real estate experts for their ability to produce revenue, as opposed to merely appreciating over time. They include everything from single-family rental houses to multi-building apartment complexes. Fundrise offers three types of accounts based on the amount of money you want to invest and your investing experience. They also offer three different investment strategies. The Supplemental Income strategy is designed to maximize quarterly dividends; the Long-Term Growth strategy is designed to maximize total return over many years, and the Balanced Investing strategy splits the difference. Fundrise investments are intended to be long term and illiquid in nature. Returns are distributed quarterly, in the form of dividends, and at the end of a particular asset’s term. That said, Fundrise does have a redemption option that allows investors to obtain liquidity following a minimum 60-day waiting period. Who Can Join: anyone Minimum Investment: $500 Historical Returns: 17.5% Fees: none DiversyFund works very much like Fundrise in that you’re investing in a portfolio of private real estate assets managed by investing experts. However, unlike Fundrise, DiversyFund’s REITs all follow the same strategy. They acquire multifamily apartment buildings that already generate revenue. They renovate the buildings within the first year, increasing both the rents and the building’s value in a process called forced appreciation. Then they eventually sell the buildings for a profit. With DiversyFund, all dividends are automatically reinvested for the duration of your investment term. This term is generally about five years, but the exact length depends on the market. When conditions for a profitable liquidation, assets are sold and investors will receive their principal and returns back. DiversyFund has a historical return rate of 17.5%. While that might be higher than the rate you can expect from Fundrise, it comes with less diversification and slightly more risk. However, with DiversyFund you also don’t pay any fees. Who Can Join: accredited investors Minimum Investment: $500 Historical Annual Returns: 6-9% Fees: 0.25%-1.00% service fee per asset PeerStreet is a peer-to-peer investing platform that uses technology popularized by sites like Kickstarter and GoFundMe to create a revolutionary new microlending system. It’s crowdfunding for mortgages that breaks standard real estate loans into smaller pieces that individuals can purchase. Unlike Fundrise and Diveryfund – which work very much like mutual funds or ETFs in that your investment goes into a pool of capital that is managed by experts – when you invest with PeerStreet you are not putting your money into a pool. Instead, you are buying small pieces of individual mortgages from a pool curated by PeerStreet’s team of real estate experts and data scientists. With Fundrise and Diveryfund, you are investing in both real estate debt and real estate equity, which comes with a slightly greater risk because real estate equity is subject to major fluctuations. With PeerStreet, you are only investing in real estate debt, which comes with considerably less risk. That said, because PeerStreet gives you complete control over every single investment, this platform is only available to accredited investors, which the SEC defines as individuals with a net worth greater than $1 million or an annual income greater than $200,000. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If automation takes off the way some predict it will, a whole lot of people are going to find themselves unemployed in the future. Some researchers have proposed using a universal basic income — an unconditional sum of money given to every member of a society — to ensure those folks can still afford to buy the things they need to live. But a dystopian new social experiment aims to find out if the unemployed would be willing to sell their privacy in exchange for money. It turns out, some might be — and the current going rate is about $1,830 per month. The experiment is called Project Exograph, and it's the work of Plasma Inc., a Japanese company with the goal of "promoting society further through science and technology and contributing to the well-being of humankind." For the experiment, four people agreed to let Plasma install cameras throughout their homes, with the only blind spots being in the bathrooms. For the next month, those cameras will record everything the participants do, and in exchange, they'll receive 200,000 yen each — about $1,830 in U.S. dollars — which is about 50 percent more than they'd get through subsistence-level welfare payments. At the end of the month, Plasma will anonymize the footage so the participants aren't identifiable. Then it will talk to various companies and experts to see how the footage could be monetized — though, thankfully, it won't actually sell the footage. The idea is that companies are already buying people's digital data, so it's worth exploring the market for the average person's "real-life" data — especially given that we could be headed toward a future in which many people won't be able to offer their labor in exchange for money. "If artificial intelligence (AI) and robots see progress, then people won't have to work and they could lead lives where they provide data for money," Plasma Inc. CEO Hiroki Enno told Japanese newspaper The Mainichi. "Considering that, we set the amount of money based on the sum required to maintain a healthy and minimum level of living." Of course, just because Plasma is paying each person $1,83o doesn't mean companies interested in buying consumer data would be willing to do the same. But figuring out the magic number they would be willing to part with is why Project Exograph exists in the first place. READ MORE: Monetizing reality: Tokyo firm paying people to be filmed at home in 'experiment' [The Mainichi] More on privacy: Mental Health Sites Sell Your Psychological Data to Advertisers Share This Article 
If you’re like most people, you connect to public WI-FI networks on a regular basis. Whether it be at work, school, on your commute, at airports, or in restaurants, many of these networks are unsecured. But even the secure networks can pose major cybersecurity risks. And connecting to your own home's private network does not guarantee your private data is safe from hackers. Not to mention the fact that your personal information is constantly being monitored by your Internet service provider (ISP) and other legal but intrusive actors. Wouldn’t it be nice to be able to easily and affordably increase your online security and privacy. Well, you can by using a Virtual Private Network (VPN). And right now, you can get KeepSolid VPN: Unlimited for life for just $39. KeepSolid VPN Unlimited will connect you to one of their 400 servers worldwide, and then to your desired destination through an easy to use and intuitive application. This makes it impossible for your activity to be tracked, and it makes it virtually impossible to be hacked. So it's no wonder why the VPN market has exploded in the past few years with $20 billion in total revenue in 2018 with projections of $35+ billion by 2022. More people are taking their cybersecurity seriously, and you should too. Let’s talk about some of the features and benefits of KeepSolid VPN Unlimited. Security No matter what data you’re sending you can be confident that it’s 100-percent secure. KeepSolid VPN Unlimited encrypts your personal data using industry-leading military-grade AES 256-bit encryption on any public or private WiFi connection. PrivacyKeepSolid VPN Unlimited changes your IP address, keeping your online activities anonymous and making it impossible for websites, hackers, and advertisers to track you. KeepSolid Unlimited Servers With KeepSolid, you can access over 400 VPN servers in 80 locations around the world. For the full list of locations, click here. DevicesKeepSolid VPN Unlimited allows you to connect up to five devices and offers proprietary apps for desktops, laptops and mobile devices (iOS, Android,macOS, Windows, Linux). It’s also easily configurable on your router, so any device connected is also protected. VPN Protocols There are several options for VPN protocols that can be used, such as IKEv2, OpenVPN, KeepSolid Wise, TCP/UDP, and TLS encryption. KeepSolid VPN will choose the optimal protocol for your network, but you're also able to manually choose the option that works best for specific online activities since some protocols are better for prioritizing speed or security. SpeedKeepSolid VPN offers unlimited traffic and uncompromising connection speed. By offering over 400 servers in 80 countries, you’re able to connect to a super-fast VPN server closest to your geographical location to ensure an optimal connection speed. KeepSolid will protect your privacy and give you access to any site anywhere in the world with an intuitive and easy to use app. And you can get all that for the unbelievably low price of $39 forever. So what are you waiting for? Click here to take control of your privacy and security, today, with KeepSolid VPN Unlimited. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Dogs have served alongside police officers for decades, sometimes even sacrificing their own lives in order to save their human partners. Robots are a fixture of law enforcement, too, most notably in bomb situations. But now, a police force in the United States has tested the capabilities of a robot dog for the first time — and civil liberties experts are raising the alarm. According to documents obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts, the Massachusetts State Police leased a Spot robot dog from Boston Dynamics for 90 days ending on November 5, 2019. In August, the organization filed a public records request for any documents relating to the agency's use of Spot, as well as any records relating to its "plans for, acquisition of, and/or use of robotics" since 2015. The lease agreement obtained by the ACLU notes that the Massachusetts State Police's Bomb Squad would have possession of the robot at all times and would be evaluating its "capabilities in law enforcement actions, particularly remote inspection of potentially dangerous environments." Additionally, police spokesman David Procopio told WBUR that the agency used Spot the same way it did other robots: as a "mobile remote observation device." "Robot technology is a valuable tool for law enforcement," he said, "because of its ability to provide situational awareness of potentially dangerous environments." However, he didn't share any exact details on how agency tested Spot or expand on the two incidents during which police told WBUR they used the robot outside of testing. Boston Dynamics' Vice President of Business Development Michael Perry, meanwhile, assured WBUR that there was no chance of the Massachusetts State Police using Spot as a weapon. "Part of our early evaluation process with customers is making sure that we're on the same page for the usage of the robot," Perry said. "So upfront, we're very clear with our customers that we don't want the robot being used in a way that can physically harm somebody." Ultimately, it sounds like the Bomb Squad mostly wanted to see if Spot would be an improvement on whatever robots it was already using — but it's hard to fault the ACLU for requesting more details on the testing, especially given American law enforcement's past use of robots to kill. "All too often, the deployment of these technologies happens faster than our social, political, or legal systems react," ACLU Massachusetts' Technology for Liberty Program Director Kade Crockford said in a statement to TechCrunch. "We urgently need more transparency from government agencies," she added, "who should be upfront with the public about their plans to test and deploy new technologies." READ MORE: The ACLU wants details about videos of Boston Dynamics robot in police exercises [TechCrunch] More on Spot: Watch a Pack of Boston Dynamics’ Creepy Robot Dogs Pull a Truck Share This Article 
Tesla's newly announced Cybertruck turned a lot of heads for its unapologetically brutalist design, with sharp edges and minimalist stainless steel cladding. And now, the internet has given the bizarre truck some radical new makeovers, fixing and tweaking the highly divisive design. Here are some of the best ones we've come across. Executive director of the Industrial Designers Society of America Chris Livaudais reworked the angular body lines of the truck to more closely resemble a pickup truck. The result: a flat truck bed, a more recognizable front bumper, and an overall more aesthetic shape. Redditors over at the subreddit r/VaporwaveAesthetics took a more radical approach, giving the truck a paint job inspired by those waxy turquoise-and-purple cups from the 1990s. Others went the DC Comics route and reimagined the Cybertruck as a Batmobile in the style of "The Dark Knight." Another Redditor even built an entire site that allows you to color a Cybertruck however you want, including an optional metallic finish. Try it out here. And for a particularly quirky look, Redditor avoidsquid cooked up this electrifying Pikachu-inspired finish. Concept car artist BradBuilds came up with a lifted off-road version.     Swipe ➡️ to choose your color.. . . Ok so the CYBERTRUCK looks 100 percent better not licking the ground. Lifted definitely suits this thing pretty well. It’s starting to grow on me. A post shared by  BradBuilds | Cars (@bradbuilds) on Nov 23, 2019 at 11:36am PST  Twitter user BossLogic ended up generating a whole host of styles, including a Warthog from the popular video game "Halo" and a take on video game developer CD Project Red's upcoming title "Cyberpunk 2077." I want to buy the @Tesla #CybertruckIt's a canvas of potential art #pimpmyride cybertron edition @MTV @elonmusk pic.twitter.com/9FDwgUZPKd — BossLogic (@Bosslogic) November 25, 2019  Finally, here's a wild camper attachment with an outdoor grill. Wait, hold on. That one's actually from Tesla. The company also showed off designs for a sleek-looking trailer. READ MORE: This industrial designer gave Tesla’s Cybertruck a makeover [Fast Company] More on the truck: Ford VP Calls Out Tesla for Unfair Cybertruck vs. F-150 Battle Share This Article 
It was a stunt meant to show off the Cybertruck's impenetrable defenses, warding off anything from a sledgehammer to a "9mm handgun," according to Tesla CEO Elon Musk. But things seemingly didn't go according to plan — Tesla’s chief designer Franz von Holzhausen tossed a hefty metal ball at the window in an attempt to show off the truck's "bulletproof" windows — and smashed it. He then took aim at the rear window and, prompting cringes across the internet, smashed that one too. Now, conspiracy theories are popping up, claiming the entire thing was a stunt to get some free publicity. Hell, we're still talking about it, right? And it sounds like a business success as well: So far, Musk claims the company has received over 200,000 pre-orders with "with no advertising & no paid endorsement." Reddit user JustinSThompson took a closer look at the video, and says it raises questions. "If there is so much variability in the throw, why not just skip it? They already demoed it with a 3.5m drop," the Redditor wrote. Von Holzhausen "doesn't spend much time at all to look at the broken glass. His routine was rehearsed." The theory, however, doesn't account for the failed stunt wiping out Tesla's stock. Forbes reported the day after the event that Elon Musk's net worth fell $770 million after the gaffe, thanks to plummeting share prices. On Friday, Musk attempted to clear up the glass-breaking snafu by uploading a video of von Holzhausen throwing a "steel ball at Cybertruck window right before launch," on Twitter a night after the event. "Guess we have some improvements to make before production haha," he added. "We threw same steel ball at same window several times right before event & didn’t even scratch the glass!" Musk claimed in a different tweet. And Musk didn't give up there. In a following tweet on Sunday, Musk offered up yet another explanation, claiming that the "sledgehammer impact on door" from a preceding stunt "cracked base of glass, which is why steel ball didn’t bounce off." So what is it? A PR stunt or an embarrassing accident? Either way, Tesla got away with a lot of free publicity. If it was indeed an awkward attempt to break into mainstream news, it was arguably a successful one. Besides, the glass is pretty darn strong no matter what. As Musk noted himself seconds after the second window smashed on stage: "It didn’t go through, that’s the plus side." READ MORE: He did it for the memes! Musk claims Cybertruck orders through the roof after presentation ‘fiasco’ [RT] More on the incident: Here’s Elon Musk’s Excuse For Smashing Cybertruck Window Share This Article 
Look. We all knew that Tesla's Cybertruck was going to be a monstrosity straight out of "Blade Runner" — Tesla CEO Elon Musk has been saying so himself for years. What's more notable, in the sober light of day, is that its starting price of $39,900 is an absolutely killer deal — there's literally nothing else like it on the market. In 2012, Musk tweeted that he "would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails," a post that arguably aged like fine wine. And in the seven years since, Tesla seems to have pulled it off. Crazy torque? Check. The strongest tri-motor model will be able to tow 14,000 pounds — 800 p0unds more than the best-selling 2019 Ford F-150. Dynamic air suspension? Yep. During Thursday evening's event, Musk revealed that the truck's air suspension even gives owners access to an on-board air compressor. The jury is still out about the "corners like its on rails" bit, since we haven't even seen the lower-end models. While Sean O'Kane described the interior as "big and roomy" in a piece for The Verge, the high vantage point and odd shape of the car means it isn't going to outperform a Model S or 3 on the race track. That doesn't mean the Cybertruck is a slouch. It can accelerate from zero to 60 in less than three seconds — faster than the Tesla Model 3 Performance (in 2018) and about on par with a 2016 Ferrari 488 GTB. A special F-150 variant that costs an additional $19,150 over base price clocks in at 3.9 seconds. This all comes with an extremely competitive price tag: less than $40,000 base price with a range of over 250 miles, and 500+ miles with the $70,000 variant, is nothing to scoff at — and that's not including tax incentives which can be as high as $7,500 in the U.S. A comparable 2020 Ford F-150 may start at just over $30,000, but with a middling combined gas mileage in the mid twenties — you'll have to shell out for plenty of gas — plus options, the price will likely be much closer to the entry level Cybertruck in the end. So what about durability? That's a big factor if TV ads for pickup trucks are anything to go by, right? " With hardy cladding and windows that will apparently be unsmashable in the, uh, future, it's a pickup that will more than likely stand up to the elements, whether on or off the road. But there's a catch: while coverage of Tesla's Supercharger network is second to none, it's far less likely that future Cybertruck owners will have a charger station nearby when they're way out in the country side — and isn't that the whole point of this thing? Tesla's track record, as far as quality control goes, is also far from perfect. It's still way too early to tell how sharp lines of "ultra-hard" and "cold-rolled" stainless steel will hold up to day-to-day use — especially outdoors. It's also a departure from the usual aluminum construction we've seen in the Model S, X, and 3. Luckily, thanks to Musk, the company will likely get a pointer or two from his other company SpaceX — and the team there knows a lot about stainless steel. So will it sell? Musk doesn't seem to care about that part. "You know, I actually don’t know if a lot of people will buy this pickup truck or not," Musk told Recode in a November 2018 interview, "but I don’t care." READ MORE: Tesla Cybertruck electrifies the truck segment [CNET] More on the truck: “A DeLorean Mated With a Pontiac”: Internet Reacts to Cybertruck Share This Article 
In the 1960s and '70s, physicists Jacob Bekenstein and John Wheeler did a bit of math and determined that black holes "have no hair." That seemingly bizarre statement might have left some wondering whether the scientists were partaking in the drugs synonymous with the era, but they weren't talking about hair in the traditional, stuff-on-top-of-your-head sense. Or, well, just let us explain. Hair is often used to describe how a person looks — he's a blonde, she's a brunette. But Bekenstein and Wheeler determined that black holes didn't have that something scientists could use to describe their appearance. All black holes have, according to the longstanding theory, are the three observable characteristics defined by Albert Einstein's general theory of relativity: a mass, an angular momentum, and an electric charge. The black hole's gravitational pull snatches up anything else that might be useful for differentiating one black hole from another of the same type. In other words, the duo determined that the phenomena have "no hair" — and that makes it really hard to glean any insight into an individual black hole's history or origin. That changed in 2018 when a team led by University of Cambridge scientists discovered that extreme black holes, ones with the maximum electric charge possible, do have several properties researchers can use to tell them apart. But all other types of black holes remained "bald" — until now. On November 15, a team at California's Theiss Research published a paper in the journal Physical Review Research focused on the hair-growing ability of nearly extreme black holes. "In the movie 'Interstellar' the monster black hole is nearly extreme," researcher Lior Burko said in a press release. "We wanted to see if Gargantua has hair." By conducting computationally intense simulations, the team determined that two types of black holes — nearly extreme Reissner-Nordström black holes and nearly extreme Kerr black holes — can grow "hair" just like extreme black holes. But it doesn't last long. "Nearly extreme black holes can pretend that they are extreme for only so long," Burko said. "But eventually their non-extremality becomes manifest. Nearly extreme black holes that attempt to regrow hair will lose it and become bald again." Astrophysicists might not have to wait too long to see the "hair" on a nearly extreme black hole in real-life either. In the early 2030s, the European Space Agency plans to launch three spacecraft as part of the Laser Interferometer Space Antenna to detect black holes' gravitational waves — and as Burko told Live Science, there's a chance the project could spot the "hair" on a nearly extreme one. READ MORE: Black Holes Grow Hair, Then Go Bald Again [Live Science] More on black holes: Baby Black Holes May Be Orbiting Supermassive Black Holes Share This Article 
Soon, both Uber drivers and passengers will have the option of recording audio during their rides. According to internal Uber communications viewed by The Washington Post, the goal of the new feature is to increase safety — but it's easy to see how the move could be less about Uber looking out for its users and more about the company protecting its own interests. Uber will launch the new feature in several cities in Mexico and Brazil in December. Before the company can roll it out in the United States, though, it will need to figure out how to avoid violating recording consent laws, which can vary depending on the state, Uber wrote in an email viewed by The Post. The feature won't tell drivers and passengers if the other has chosen to record a specific ride. Rather, Uber will issue a "blanket warning" to users about the possibility of recording in areas trialing the feature. "When the trip ends, the user will be asked if everything is okay and be able to report a safety incident and submit the audio recording to Uber with a few taps," an Uber executive wrote an email viewed by The Post. "The encrypted audio file is sent to Uber’s customer support agents who will use it to better understand an incident and take the appropriate action." Sachin Kansal, Uber’s head of safety products, told The Post in an interview that the company hopes the feature will give both drivers and passengers the feeling that "the lights are on" when they're in an Uber. "That leads to safer interaction on the platform," he added. It's hard to take claims that Uber's predominant worry is safety at face value, though. Driver misconduct has long been a thorn in Uber's side, with the company on the receiving end of allegations of everything from sexual harassment to rape — and even violent death. The Post found during an explosive investigation in September that the primary purpose of the company's internal safety division is to shield Uber from liability — not necessarily protect passengers. It's obvious, then, how Uber could benefit from audio recordings of rides. If a driver is falsely accused of misconduct, the recording could be valuable evidence exonerating them — or, if the driver did act inappropriately, the recording could help Uber minimize the fallout. As an added bonus, the knowledge that a rider may have chosen to record a ride might even be enough dissuade unscrupulous drivers from acting inappropriately in the first place, like an all-hearing Big Brother — and what does driver privacy matter if it can save Uber from some legal woes? READ MORE: Uber plans to start audio-recording rides in the U.S. for safety [The Washington Post] More on Uber: Uber CEO Compares Self-Driving Car Crash to Murdering Journalists Share This Article 
We are finally going to tackle the famous question, "how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?" And we'll do it using science! The woodchuck (Marmota monax), more commonly known as "the groundhog," is a tiny rodent. A typical woodchuck is about 14 pounds (5.8kg) and 32 inches long (81cm). Considering their small size, woodchucks eat an exorbitant amount of food: a single woodchuck can eat a 100-foot Redwood tree in about 35 seconds. Kidding. Woodchucks don't actually eat wood. Instead, they eat grasses, clovers, black cherry, honeysuckle, snails, insects, baby birds, eggs — pretty much everything else they can get their hands on. But not wood. Of course, they can “chew” wood, but that’s not really saying much, as anything with teeth can chew wood. If a woodchuck were brought to the brink of starvation, it may attempt to eat wood as a last resort. But a woodchuck can’t digest wood, so things probably wouldn’t end too well…and since this poor rodent would be half starved, I’m guessing the woodchuck wouldn’t chew very much wood. Likewise, if a woodchuck could chuck wood (as in, “throw wood”), the wood wouldn’t be chucked very far, as they have tiny ineffectual fists. But let's get to the real matter at hand: How much wood can a woodchuck chuck (aka mash apart into tiny bits) ? First, woodchucks aren't very good at moving or breaking apart timber. Certainly, they are not nearly as good as beavers. Still, woodchucks will frequently gnaw their wooden nest boxes. And as Cornell University reports, a wildlife biologist once measured the inside volume of a typical woodchuck burrow. From this, they estimated that, if wood filled the hole instead of dirt "the industrious animal would have chucked about 700 pounds' worth." Another study found that woodchucks can get through about 361.9237001 cubic centimeters of wood per day (though that may not be the most reliable research). Share This Article 
Arduino has become the open-source electronics platform of choice for hobbyists interested in robotics and programming. And regardless of your experience level or expertise, if you’re interested in learning what you can do with Arduino, there’s no better way to do so than cracking open a book or eBook on the subject. Well, actually, there is one better way: cracking open 15 different ebooks on the subject. That's because, for a limited time, you can name your own price on this comprehensive Arduino Hacker eBook Bundle. This is one of StackSocial’s “Pay What You Want” bundles, which means that you can get some of the ebooks included in the deal for whatever you feel like paying. But if you exceed the average price (a little over $16 as of this writing), you’re guaranteed to take home all 15 of the ebooks, which includes (but is by no means limited to) the following informative titles: Atmospheric Monitoring with Arduino: 1st Edition This step-by-step guide to using Arduino for various atmospheric monitoring gadgets will show you how to construct your own carbon monoxide detector, as well as various other devices that will show you the quality (or lack thereof) of the air you breathe. Make: Basic Arduino Projects: 1st Edition Purportedly the best way to “Kickstart Your Arduino Journey with Guides for 25+ Hands-on Projects,” Make offers know-how for building more than 25 beginner-friendly projects with Arduino, including “multicolor flashing lights, timers, tools for testing circuits, sound effects, motor control, and more exciting DIY projects.” Getting Started with Adafruit FLORA The Arduino-compatible FLORA platform will allow you to create myriad wearable gadgets like LED brooches and light-up earrings with the help of this helpful guide. Environmental Monitoring with Arduino: 1st Edition Similar to the atmospheric monitoring guide, this ebook contains all the know-how necessary to make devices that measure noise levels, water purity, and even electromagnetic interference, among other environmental factors. Getting Started with Arduino: 3rd Edition A basic beginner's guide to everything Arduino, this was authored in part by none other than Arduino co-founder Massimo Banzi. Getting Started with Netduino: 1st Edition Those interested in Netduino, based on the .NET Micro Framework, will find all they need to know in this guide by Chris Walker. And that’s just six of the total of 15 ebooks included in this promotion. Altogether, the 15 titles in the bundle add up to a value of some $278, and you can get them all for a steal by heading over to StackSocial and beating the current average price. If you choose to pay less, you won’t get all 15 ebooks, but you will at least get some proportionate fraction of the bundle, so no matter what you feel like spending this is a good way to get your Arduino library started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Ride hailing apps like Uber and Lyft are clogging up streets and don't provide their drivers with a living wage. But, some argue, at least they might be stopping people from driving while drunk. But the relationship between binge drinking and ride-sharing apps may be more complicated than that. If you know you can get a safe ride home from the bar, the thinking goes, maybe you'll stay for an extra round. Or five. A study by a team of researchers from the University of Louisville and Georgia State University found that alcohol consumption and binge drinking rose by three and eight percent respectively in cities where ride-hailing services become available, the Economist reports.  Interestingly, in cities without public transport, the effect was even greater. The researchers used data collected by America's Centres for Disease Control and matched it to when Uber became available in major cities. A paper of their research was uploaded to the research repository SSRN last week and has yet to be peer-reviewed. A different study, from February, found that the number one reason people chose to grab an Uber was so that they could drink. In 2015, the LA Times also reported that ride-hailing services were linked to a surge in alcohol consumption. Despite the data, it's important to note that there's still no direct evidence of any causal link between ride-hailing services and binge drinking. Previous studies have tried to link a decline in DUI-related incidents to the use of ride-share apps, but the relationship is far more complicated than that. "DUI is a complex subject with many causes," Chris Cochran of the California Office of Traffic Safety told the LA Times in 2015. "To be able to postulate whether the advent of Uber or other ride-share services had any significant effect would be difficult if not impossible." READ MORE: After Uber arrives, heavy drinking increases [The Economist] More on ride-sharing: Ride-Hailing Apps Make Traffic Worse — And Now They’re Admitting It Share This Article 
On Tuesday, insect experts from across the United States gathered in St. Louis, Missouri, for the Entomological Society of America's annual meeting — and when Ohio University Professor Emeritus William Romoser got a chance to address his peers, he made a shocking claim. "There has been and still is life on Mars," Romoser said in a press release about his presentation. The only problem: his evidence isn't exactly convincing. According to the press release, Romoser believes that various Mars rovers have already captured images of both living and fossilized insects on the Red Planet. The poster he presented on Tuesday contains multiple photos he found on the internet with what he claims are bug body parts circled in red. See this blurry spot? That's an insect's thorax. The spot next to it? Clearly, the creature's head looking straight at the camera using its compound eye, which appears in the image to be — you guessed it — a blurry spot. After analyzing the photos, Romoser says he believes Mars is home to creatures resembling snakes, bumble bees, reptiles, and more. In the press release, he notes how his "discovery" of the lifeforms on Mars aligns with the identification of terrestrial creatures. "Three body regions, a single pair of antennae, and six legs are traditionally sufficient to establish identification as 'insect' on Earth," he said. "These characteristics should likewise be valid to identify an organism on Mars as insect-like. On these bases, arthropodan, insect-like forms can be seen in the Mars rover photos." Perhaps the lesson to be learned from Romoser's presentation, then, is not that insects exist on Mars, but that entomologists might want to look into more stringent bases for identifying bugs on Earth. READ MORE: Scientist claims to spot insects on Mars, but I think they're just rocks [CNET] More on life on Mars: NASA’s Chief Scientist Is Oddly Terrified by Finding Life on Mars Share This Article 
If you’re looking for a new and green strategy game for your collection, the people at Blue Orange Games have just the thing. It’s called Photosynthesis, and it puts two-to-four players in control of their own living forests, planting trees and guiding them through their life-cycles from tiny seeds all the way through full bloom and the cyclical process known as rebirth. Described as “the evergreen strategy game,” Photosynthesis awards points to players when leaves from their trees collect energy from the rays of the sun (the process from which the game gets its name). Players choose where to plant their trees and where they’ll grow, absorbing the optimum amounts of sunlight and strategizing when and where the trees will be separated from light in shadow. The game also boasts several different tree sizes and species options, so the gameplay can get almost as complex as managing a real-world ecosystem. With gameplay that prioritizes realism and visually appealing graphics, Photosynthesis is fun, aesthetically pleasing, and even a little educational. So if you have any science-interested kids in the family, the game might be a good addition to your game shelf. It’s recommended for players aged 8 and up. You can get a copy of Photosynthesis now for $29.99, including everything you need to get started making trees and converting sunlight into nutrients: It's also worth noting that this is an award-winning strategy game has received The Dice Tower’s Seal of Excellence. It also has an engaged and constantly expanding fan base, as demonstrated by its many satisfied customer testimonials. Amazon game reviewer B. Kulczycki summed up their experience with the game like this: “Photosynthesis is a beautiful game that will catch your eye... It’s unique theme fit the game perfectly, and helped make the rules explanation fairly easy. The mechanics are simple enough that you can pick up on things by three or four turns and not have any questions. The game benefits from well thought out aggressive play, luck is not a factor. You’ll make some great moves, you’ll likely get screwed over a couple times. And, you’ll have a cool forest to look at when the game ends.” So head over to Amazon and get your copy of Photosynthesis today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If your ex secretly put a GPS tracker on your car and you found and removed it, the idea of them taking you to court for theft of the device would be laughable. But what if instead of an ex, it was a police officer that placed the tracker on your car because they thought you were dealing meth? That's the bizarre basis for a case currently being heard by the Indiana Supreme Court. The background: In July 2018, the Warrick County Sheriff's Office obtained a warrant to put a GPS tracker on a vehicle belonging to a man named Derek Heuring, because confidential informants said he was using it to sell methamphetamine. About a week later, the tracker stopped transmitting. Ten days after that, the detectives applied for and obtained a warrant to search both Heuring's home and a property owned by his parents, using their suspicion he'd "stolen" the GPS tracker as the necessary probable cause. During their search, they found the tracker, meth, and drug paraphernalia, so they charged Heuring with dealing drugs and theft. Heuring's legal team is now arguing that the search of his home was illegal. After all, it wouldn't be theft to remove a GPS tracker placed illegally on your vehicle by another private citizen, so how could the police claim "theft" as the basis for their search warrant? A lawyer for the government, meanwhile, is arguing that it was theft because the device was police property and placed on the vehicle legally — but Heuring had no way of knowing that, since the GPS tracker had no markings indicating it belonged to law enforcement. Ultimately, the Indiana Supreme Court could decide against Heuring, as the lower court did. But there's also a chance that it'll agree with him that the search was illegal and throw out all the evidence against him. If that happens, it might compel law enforcement to begin identifying any tracking devices they place on suspects' cars as "property of the government." That would be enough to indicate that the device was placed on the car legally, which would make the removal of discovered trackers theft. That would mean that while law enforcement will still be able to secretly track citizens with a warrant, at least citizens won't find themselves in even more trouble just because they catch the cops in the act. READ MORE: Cops put GPS tracker on man’s car, charge him with theft for removing it [Ars Technica] More on GPS trackers: Parents Are Giving Kids GPS Trackers That Can Be Hacked by Creeps Share This Article 
Galaxy clusters have been fascinating astronomers for decades. Often consisting of thousands of galaxies, the clusters are the largest known structures being held together by gravitational forces. At their centers, astronomers have found some of the biggest and most powerful black holes ever discovered, and high-energy jets of extremely hot particles emanating from these black holes were found to be preventing the formation of stars — which, of course, raised a galactic mystery: where are all the stars coming from? But now, thanks to data collected by NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory and the Hubble Space Telescope, a team of scientists has found that a galaxy cluster called the Phoenix Cluster, some 5.8 billion light years from Earth, is birthing stars at a "furious rate." Its black hole seemed to be far weaker than other clusters' black holes, with trillions of Suns' masses worth of hot gas cooling around it, allowing the formation of a vast number of stars. Usually black holes have keep those gases from cooling — thereby stopping the formation of stars — by continuously spewing out high-energy jets of particles. The research could help us understand the life cycle of galaxy clusters and how the supermassive black holes at their centers interfere — and sometimes, seemingly, aid — the formation of stars within them. A paper of the results was published in The Astrophysical Journal last month. "Imagine running an air-conditioner in your house on a hot day, but then starting a wood fire. Your living room can’t properly cool down until you put out the fire,” co-author Brian McNamara from the University of Waterloo, Canada, said in a statement. "Similarly, when a black hole’s heating ability is turned off in a galaxy cluster, the gas can then cool." In fact, they found that the hot gas was cooling at the same rate as when a black hole stops injecting energy. And that means a huge amount of stars are allowed to be born in regions where the hot gas has cooled sufficiently — in fact, the Phoenix Cluster is forming new stars at 500 times the rate of the Milky Way galaxy, according to X-ray observations made by the Chandra Observatory. This effect won't go on forever, though. "These results show that the black hole has temporarily been assisting in the formation of stars, but when it strengthens its effects will start to mimic those of black holes in other clusters, stifling more star birth," co-author Mark Voit from Michigan State University said in the statement. READ MORE: A Weakened Black Hole Allows Its Galaxy to Awaken [NASA] More on galaxy clusters: Astronomers Just Found the Oldest Galaxies in the Universe Share This Article 
A team led by researchers out of NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, has confirmed traces of water vapor above the surface of Jupiter's icy moon Europa. And that's a big deal as the tiny space rock is one of the highest priority targets in NASA's search for extraterrestrial life, according to the agency. "While scientists have not yet detected liquid water directly, we’ve found the next best thing: water in vapor form," lead researcher and NASA planetary scientist Lucas Paganini said in a NASA statement. According to a paper published in the journal Nature Astronomy on Monday, the NASA team discovered enough water vapor being released from Europa to fill an Olympic-size swimming pool within minutes. But while that sounds like a lot, it was only just enough to be detected from Earth. Out of 17 observations by the W. M. Keck Observatory in Hawaii, which uses a spectrograph to detect the chemical compositions of other planets' atmospheres by scanning the infrared light they release or absorb, the scientists only spotted water vapor in one. "We suggest that the outgassing of water vapour on Europa occurs at lower levels than previously estimated, with only rare localized events of stronger activity," Paganini and his team wrote in the paper. For many years, scientists have suspected that there's water on Europa's surface, and several observations appear to back up that suspicion. More than two decades ago, NASA's Galileo spacecraft found evidence of an electrically conductive fluid on the moon's surface. Then, a 2018 analysis of the data found evidence of massive plumes of liquid. Data previously collected by NASA's Hubble Space Telescope supported the existence of the plumes. "We performed diligent safety checks to remove possible contaminants in ground-based observations," Goddard planetary scientist Avi Mandell said of the water vapor discovery in the statement. "But, eventually, we’ll have to get closer to Europa to see what’s really going on." A mission to do just that is already lined up. NASA's upcoming Europa Clipper mission will get a much closer look at the icy moon's surface as soon as 2023. The spacecraft will feature a suite of cameras, spectrometers, and a radar to investigate the thickness of Europa’s icy shell during 45 flybys — and perhaps yield further insights into the water vapor above the moon's surface while it's there. READ MORE: NASA Scientists Confirm Water Vapor on Europa [NASA] More on Europa: NASA is Sending a Probe to Jupiter’s Icy Moon to Look for Life Share This Article 
Using a powerful supercomputer, scientists have created a state-of-the-art simulation of galactic formation. While previous simulations typically had to choose between showing a big-picture view or being highly detailed, the TNG50 simulation is both. Not only does it show how a whole universe may have formed in the 13.8 years since the Big Bang, but it also gives scientists the ability to zoom in and see an individual galaxy form in incredible detail. Perhaps most exciting of all: the team behind TNG50 shared a clip of one of those simulated galaxies online for your viewing pleasure. TNG50 was a collaborative undertaking between scientists in Germany and the United States, who published two papers on the simulation in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society earlier in November. It took the Hazel Hen supercomputer in Stuttgart, Germany, more than a year to complete the simulation, which — like similar visualizations — largely works backwards from what scientists already believe about the universe to predict the activity that led to the current state of affairs. While being able to see a galaxy form over billions of years is cool in and of itself, the simulation did more than just produce a visual for known data — it also provided several new insights, including previously unknown details on the process of disc galaxy formation. "Numerical experiments of this kind are particularly successful when you get out more than you put in," researcher Dylan Nelson said in a press release. "In our simulation, we see phenomena that had not been programmed explicitly into the simulation code. These phenomena emerge in a natural fashion, from the complex interplay of the basic physical ingredients of our model universe." The researchers plan to eventually release all of the data from TNG50, giving other scientists the opportunity to look for even more new phenomena in the state-of-the-art simulation. READ MORE: Watch the evolution of a galaxy, from the Big Bang till today[Digital Trends] More on simulations: World’s First AI Universe Simulator Knows Things It Shouldn’t Share This Article 
Inflammation has become one of the biggest buzzwords in health and wellness circles in recent years. And while all the fuss over inflammation it may seem like yet another fad promulgated by television quacks and bloggers, it’s really not. Many health professionals now believe that understanding and controlling chronic inflammation is the future of preventative medicine. That’s why Mellowment CBD has specifically developed a specific type of CBD for inflammation. It's called Mellowment High Impact for Inflammation, and it combines CBD and curcumin for maximum inflammation relief, recovery, and comfort. Inflammation is an essential survival mechanism of the human immune system. As such, it’s usually a good thing, a sign that the body is working to heal an injury or fight off some pathogen or disease. When cells are in distress, they release chemicals that alerts the immune system. The immune system in turn sends inflammatory cells to capture the pathogens or heal damaged tissues. Meanwhile, blood vessels in the area expand to accommodate the additional immune system traffic and bring fluid to the site of the injury or infection. This is called acute inflammation. And while it is painful and uncomfortable, it’s also necessary. Unfortunately, for a variety of reasons, sometimes this natural immune system response does not get switched off. Sometimes it’s because the cause of the initial immune system response cannot be eliminated. Sometimes the immune system simply malfunctions. Either way, the immune system tells white blood cells to attack healthy tissues and organs, resulting in chronic inflammation. While all adults experience some level of chronic inflammation that slowly wears down our organs and tissues, in some people this chronic inflammation is more extreme. And what scientists have finally realized is that this excessive chronic inflammation causes major damage that contributes to many of the most common degenerative diseases, including coronary artery disease, diabetes, cancer, and Alzheimer's. The good news? Numerous studies suggest that treating chronic inflammation can significantly reduce the risk for these diseases. That brings us to Mellowment High Impact CBD for Inflammation. Mellowment has become one of the leading names in CBD over the last few years thanks to their exacting scientific methods and rigorous quality control. With High Impact for Inflammation, they’ve combined their proprietary CBD formula with and curcumin, a compound found in the spice turmeric that has been used as an herbal medicine in India for thousands of years. CBD has long been observed to have anti-inflammatory effects. Now we’re finally starting to understand why. According to one study, for example, CBD reduces inflammation by modulating the endocannabinoid system and disrupting the production of cytokines, which are proteins secreted by immune cells that trigger inflammation. As for curcumin, modern science has proven it has anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, and numerous studies have shown it to be effective in treating inflammation and pain associated with arthritis.  One of the problems in treating inflammation with CBD and curcumin is that both compounds typically have poor bioavailability. That means they are not easily absorbed into your system due to poor absorption, rapid metabolism, and rapid elimination. However, Mellowment has solved the bioavailability problem. By subjecting CBD and curcumin to an advanced nano-emulsification process that shrinks and suspends the active ingredients microscopic droplets of oil which can easily pass through cell walls, Mellowment more than doubles their bioavailability. That means more CBD and curcumin reach systemic circulation, ensuring maximum effectiveness. Each bottle of Mellowment High-Impact for Inflammation contains 30 softgels, with each softgel containing a 25mg dose of CBD and a 10mg dose of curcumin. They’re formulated to be taken as needed, and most customers take one to four softgels per day. Mellowment’s CBD extracts are meticulously engineered from Colorado-grown hemp using an advanced chromatography process that removes all THC, eliminating the risk of failed drug tests and undesired psychoactive effects. Whether you’re looking for natural relief from discomfort caused by acute inflammation, or you want to combat chronic inflammation and reduce your risk for more serious degenerative conditions, Mellowment High Impact for Inflammation could be right for you   This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
What began as a day like any other ended with a haunting quest to source a viral video of a man apparently capturing catfish using Coca-Cola brand soda, Mentos, and an ordinary egg. If all that left you feeling puzzled, you're not alone. Originally posted to YouTube on November 1, the video in question shows an unidentified man adding Coke, Mentos, and an egg yolk to a muddy hole. The man then reaches into the hole and produces — presto! — not one, not two, but three catfish. Clips of the video started circulating on both Twitter and Reddit this past Wednesday, spawning questions about where the fish came from and how or why the trick would ever work. The dominant theory, prematurely endorsed by some blogs, was that the hole must likely be connected to a larger body of water. The fish, according to the theory, was attracted by the egg, and swam into the hole before "suffocating" on the Coke and Mentos solution. Far more likely, according to a detailed Futurism investigation, is that the video is at least partially a hoax. Another possibility we considered was that the video was a bizarre viral marketing scheme, so Futurism reached out to both the Coke and Mentos brands to ask. A spokesperson for the Mentos brand denied involvement and added, "this is not a practice our company or our brands would condone," while the Coca-Cola company has not responded at the time of publication. The source of the video is a fledgling, vaguely surreal YouTube channel called "Technique Tools." According to YouTube, it was created in 2015 and attracted modest attention until its most recent catfish post, which has accrued an impressive 1.8 million views at press time. Technique Tools doesn't list contact information, but its account offers other clues. One playlist of Technique Tools' videos includes several in which Coke and Mentos are being poured on various animals, sometimes along with other substances such as toothpaste or eggs. The descriptions of some videos offer puzzling disclaimers. "The crocodile is our pet. Coca Cola and mentos [sic] react nothing with the crocodile," reads one. "Action in this video made b [sic] a professional. Do not repeat! It Can [sic] be dangerous," reads another. The most telling, though, comes from a video similar to the viral post, also uploaded this month. It claims the videos are planned, scripted, and made for fun, as well as disclaimer that the fish in this instance, "come out by pushing behind the video at the left side." On the reaction of catfish to eggs and Coca-Cola, the science is more exact. Most catfish have a sharp sense of taste and some, including the Channel Catfish, which appears to be our viral star based on its four sets of whiskers, have taste receptors on their bodies. Channel Catfish feed primarily on small fishes and aquatic insects but have been known to eat small birds, according to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The effectiveness of eggs as catfish bait isn't something that appears to have been tested in the lab setting, however. As for the Coke and Mentos, it's much easier to explain why dumping soda on animals isn't a nice idea. In humans, our lungs work to exchange oxygen from the air to replenish our blood cells and exhale waste gasses. In fish, gills work similarly. When oxygenated water is passed over specialized tissues, oxygen from the water is exchanged into the fish's bloodstream. When there isn't enough oxygen in the water fish can indeed suffocate, which is actually a big problem in the ecology of our modern oceans where shifting currents have created pockets of low-oxygen water. Diluting the oxygen concentration in water by adding carbon dioxide from soda makes extracting oxygen much more difficult, which can cause a fish to panic and try to escape. As a science lesson, this video offers several insights into animal — and human — behavior. However, as a fishing tactic, this method probably isn't likely to net you a whopping catfish. Still, we can always count on the depths of the internet to inspire the human imagination. Share This Article 
Oxygen masks are an integral safety feature on airplanes. If a plane's cabin experiences a sudden drop in air pressure during flight — from, say, a cracked window — the oxygen flowing from the masks could be the only thing saving passengers from brain damage or death. Now, John Barnett, a former quality control engineer for Boeing, has told BBC News that 25 percent of the oxygen systems he tested in 2016 for the company's iconic 787 Dreamliner jets didn't work correctly — and Boeing went ahead and installed them on planes anyways. Boeing employed Barnett for 32 years, the last seven of which he spent working as a quality manager at the company's factory in North Charleston, South Carolina. Barnett told BBC News he was decommissioning some cosmetically damaged emergency oxygen systems for the company's 787 Dreamliner jet in 2016 when he noticed some of the bottles containing the potentially life-saving oxygen weren't discharging properly. Barnett said he arranged for Boeing's research and development unit to conduct a test of 300 undamaged, "straight out of stock" oxygen systems — and 75 of the systems didn't deploy properly. Barnett claims Boeing managers thwarted his attempts to have the matter investigated. When he then tried to go over Boeing's head and report the problem to the Federal Aviation Administration, it told him Boeing "had indicated it was working on the issue." Boeing, meanwhile, told BBC News that, while it did discover improperly deploying oxygen bottles in 2017, it disputes Barnett's version of the events that followed. "We removed those bottles from production so that no defective bottles were placed on airplanes," the company said, "and we addressed the matter with our supplier." Further complicating the situation is the fact that 2017 also happens to be the year Barnett retired — a development which the company described to BBC News as planned and voluntary. However, Barnett claims he was forced into retirement because Boeing's attempts at "denigrating his character and hampering his career because of the issues he pointed out" left him with no other options. Barnett's now suing Boeing for that alleged retaliation, and while it's too soon to predict how that'll play out in court, his allegation that Boeing's aircraft aren't as safe as the company claims does have precedent. In October, Boeing admitted that some of its 737 NG airliners had cracks in their bodies, forcing airlines to ground dozens of the jets. In March, Boeing grounded its entire fleet of 737 MAX commercial airliner jets following two deadly crashes in the previous six months — and Barnett believes a 787 could soon be involved in a horrific incident of its own. "Based on my years of experience and past history of plane accidents, I believe it's just a matter of time before something big happens with a 787," he told BBC News. "I pray that I am wrong." READ MORE: Boeing whistleblower raises doubts over 787 oxygen system [BBC News] More on Boeing: Dozens of Boeing 737 Jets Grounded Because of "Cracks" Share This Article 
While on stage at the Fast Company Innovation Festival on Thursday, Kanye West shared a new shoe prototype from his Yeezy fashion line — and the kicks contain environmentally friendly algae. "Eco-concerns are intersecting with what we do," Steven Smith, the head designer at Yeezy, said from the stage. "This is just the beginning of the future that Kanye envisioned for us to start working on." The sneaker prototype was manufactured in Atlanta from a combination of petroleum-based ethylene-vinyl acetate and foam produced from algae. West told the audience that the new Yeezy headquarters in Cody, Wyoming, will include a hydroponic farm where the company can grow its own algae. "We're going to be farming and going seed to sole," West said. According to a Thursday tweet from the official Yeezy Twitter account, the shoes are Yeezy Foam Runners, a style first unveiled in September and set for a 2020 release. It's not yet clear whether all Yeezy Foam Runners will be made with algae or if the algae shoes will be a subset of the line. But either way, the eco-friendly sneakers will be available in early 2020 for $75, according to the tweet. The prototype pair West showed off on Thursday were a bland khaki color, but he said the company is looking into environmentally friendly dyes. Regardless of color, though, the Croc-esque style of the sneakers might not appeal to everyone — though the emphasis on using eco-friendly materials in fashion probably should. The fashion industry pumps millions of tons of carbon into the atmosphere every year, while many of the chemicals and dyes used during manufacturing end up polluting Earth's waterways. By switching to more eco-friendly materials and processes, players in the fashion industry can do their part to stop this harm from befalling the planet — one ugly sneaker at a time. READ MORE: Kanye just unveiled a new foam sneaker made from algae [Fast Company] More on sustainable fashion: Seaweed Sneakers Look Fly, Could Help Save the Environment Share This Article 
Researchers are making a counter-intuitive claim: reality itself may be subjective, thanks to quantum weirdness on a microscopic scale. In a new paper in the journal Science Advances, an international team of quantum physicists argue that thanks to the unusual rules of quantum mechanics, facts themselves could depend on who's looking at them. In other words, reality could be twisted by observation. On a quantum level, it's long been understood that particles can be in several states at once. That changes once those particles are observed, breaking the so-called "superposition" — a mind-bending principle most famously described by the "Schrödinger's cat" thought experiment. Say you tossed a coin in a closed room and your friend is outside that room trying to figure out the outcome of your coin toss. Once you've tossed the coin, you know for a fact what the result is. Your friend, however, cannot tell the outcome from the outside: to them, the two states, "heads" or "tails," are "superimposed." Quantum physicists describe this difference in established facts as a contradiction — your friend observes a superimposed state, while you observe a definite answer. In an experimental test at the Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh, the researchers built a small-scale quantum computer. Their aim was to scientifically prove that measurements in quantum mechanics are actually subjective to a particular observer. They measured the polarization of three pairs of photons. One pair acted as two coins, meaning each one can be either heads or tails depending on its polarization. Then they used the two remaining pairs to measure the first pair's polarization in each of the two boxes — acting, essentially, as "observers." Two separate photons outside of each box act as a control. After weeks of calculations, the researchers found something strange: the polarization states didn't match up. The inside and outside photon observers couldn't agree on the outcome or polarization state of each photon inside the box. "Eventually, we succeeded in showing that quantum mechanics might indeed be incompatible with the assumption of objective facts — we violated the inequality!" lead researchers Alessandro Fedrizzi and Massimiliano Proietti, quantum physicists at Heriot-Watt University, wrote in a recent piece for The Conversation. "The insight we gained is that quantum observers may indeed be entitled to their own facts," wrote Fedrizzi in a September statement. That brings up the question: do the rules of quantum mechanics apply to much larger objects? Or are the rules different for single atoms or photons? It's a fascinating experiment that seemingly brings up more questions than it's able to answer. "Clearly these are all deeply philosophical questions about the fundamental nature of reality," wrote Fedrizzi and Proietti in The Conversation. "Whatever the answer, an interesting future awaits." Share This Article 
We've seen holograms of human organs, circus elephants, and even long-dead musicians. But now, researchers from the University of Sussex have found a way to create cutting-edge holograms that you can not only see but also hear and even feel — and they pulled it off by drawing on some vintage tech. The researchers published a paper on their device, which they call the Multimodal Acoustic Trap Display (MATD), in the journal Nature on Wednesday. The device works by using ultrasound waves to trap and move a two millimeter-wide polystyrene bead around in midair. The bead traces out an object's shape in three dimensions while LEDs shine red, green, and blue light on it. Because the bead is moving so fast, the human eye sees only the completed shape — a compelling illusion not entirely unlike the way a rapid series of still frames looks like a moving image. “Our new technology takes inspiration from old TVs which use a single color beam scanning along the screen so quickly that your brain registers it as a single image," researcher Ryuji Hirayama said in a press release. "Our prototype does the same using a colored particle that can move so quickly anywhere in 3D space that the naked eye sees a volumetric image in mid-air.” The use of ultrasound waves allows the device to produce audible noise as well as a physical sensation. "Even if not audible to us, ultrasound is still a mechanical wave and it carries energy through the air," researcher Diego Martinez Plasencia said in the press release. "Our prototype directs and focuses this energy, which can then stimulate your ears for audio, or stimulate your skin to feel content." The researchers envision future versions of the device making use of multiple beads to create even more detailed holograms. And perhaps even more exciting than the prototype itself is the fact that, unlike many cutting-edge technologies, this one might not have too much difficulty making the leap to consumer product. "The MATD was created using low-cost and commercially available components," Hirayama said in the press release. "We believe there is plenty of room to increase its capacity and potential." READ MORE: Hologram-like device animates objects using ultrasound waves [The Guardian] More on holograms: Holograms Are Resurrecting Dead Musicians, Raising Legal Questions Share This Article 
Smartphones are an almost mandatory requirement for modern life and perform a vast array of useful functions. Unfortunately, as probably everyone who’s reading this knows, they also come with some extremely frequent annoyances.  Specifically, they allow advertisers and scammers with a way to send you spam texts, robocalls, and annoying voicemails. These calls and messages can simply be ignored, of course. But you probably know how annoying it can be to get deluged with calls and messages from salespeople and scam artists. And nobody enjoys having to deal with spoofed numbers that are designed to look like local calls. Luckily, with Uncall, you can quickly and cheaply take your number out of the hands of these pests, so that it stays only with those who you want to have it. The first step towards a significantly less annoying future with Uncall is to head over to its official site and enter your number for a free “rough analysis” that tells you how popular your number has become on telemarketing lists and other even less reputable sources. It will also confirm that it can be used with your phone number, but since that covers numbers located in the US, UK, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy, Portugal, and beyond, it’s a fairly safe bet that it can be. Uncall does this through two basic processes. The first (and easiest) is known as civil leadsheet unlisting, and happens by simply calling those that operate relatively legitimate white-hat lists and asking that your number be removed. This is something that you could theoretically do yourself. But Uncall takes this cumbersome and tedious process and handles it all for you. The second is called “darkweb registry removal,” and it’s a similar process. But as its name suggests, it involves working with contacts Uncall has on the darker corners of the internet, and removing your number from lists that scammers use to find victims. And to be totally clear, you pay a one-time fee of $10-$15 per number, not a monthly or yearly charge. That’s despite the fact that Uncall offers lifetime support for your device, and monthly checkups to make sure your number hasn’t fallen into any new bad hands. So head over to Uncall’s official site now and get started with a free rough analysis for your phone number, and a life free of annoying calls and texts could soon be yours. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On Tuesday, Judge Robert S. Lasnik ruled that the Trump Administration's June 2018 decision to allow the sharing of designs for 3D-printed guns online violated federal law. Some background: In 2013, an activist organization called Defense Distributed posted blueprints for a functional 3D-printed gun online. The Obama administration ordered the group to take the blueprints down. In 2015, Defense Distributed sued the government, claiming it had a First Amendment right to share the blueprints. The Justice Department argued that doing so violated export laws and threatened both national security and world peace — and both federal trial and appellate courts agreed, ruling against Defense Distributed. But then in June 2018, the Trump Administration settled with Defense Distributed, granting the company permission to post the blueprints online and paying it nearly $40,000 to cover the legal fees of founder Cody Wilson, who resigned from the company three months later after he was arrested in Taiwan, where he fled after having sex with an underage girl in Texas. Before Defense Distributed could post the plans online, however, Attorney General Bob Ferguson filed a lawsuit arguing that the Trump Administration's decision violated both the Constitution and the Administrative Procedure Act, which regulates how federal agencies develop and issue rules. Essentially, Ferguson asserted that the Trump Administration couldn't just decide to contradict what the Justice Department previously argued — and Judge Lasnik agreed, calling the decision to allow Defense Distributed to share its blueprints "arbitrary and capricious." "Given the agency's prior position regarding the need to regulate 3D-printed firearms and the CAD files used to manufacture them," he wrote, "it must do more than simply announce a contrary position." Though it's hard to say whether this will be the end of the legal back-and-forth between Defense Distributed and the federal government, Ferguson appears pleased with Lasnik's ruling. "It is baffling that the Trump Administration continued to work so hard to allow domestic abusers, felons, and terrorists access to untraceable, undetectable 3D-printed guns," he said. "Even the president himself said in a tweet that this decision didn’t make any sense — one of the rare instances when I agreed with him. I’m thankful the court agrees, too." READ MORE: Blueprints for 3-D Printed Guns Cannot Be Posted Online, Judge Says [The New York Times] More on 3D-printed guns: Blueprints for 3D Printed Guns Will Stay (Sort of) Offline, Judge Rules Share This Article 
Do you find yourself yearning for more knowledge? Do you regularly and eagerly fall down Internet rabbit holes about science, nature, technology and history? At times, this journey can be overwhelming and frustrating because the quality of the information is not up to par. Grainy YouTube videos and websites from unsourced or unaccredited scholars can leave us all feeling a little empty. But now, there is a streaming service where you can find Emmy Award-winning content created by some of the leading experts in their fields that is both educational and entertaining, all packaged in HD and stunning 4K? If you have an inquisitive mind, you need to check out the 7-Day Free Trial of Curiosity Stream. Curiosity Stream is the brainchild of John Hendricks, who up until 2014 was the man behind the Discovery Channel, TLC, Animal Planet and several other networks. Curiosity Stream works like Netflix and other similar streaming services, but it's solely dedicated to documentary features and series. Curiosity Stream’s robust library has thousands of titles available, with new films and series being added every week. Once your 7-Day Free Trial period ends you can continue enjoying Curiosity Stream’s unmatched content for just $2.99 a month or for an even better deal of $19.99 annually. For one Andrew Jackson, you can learn more about the unlocked secrets of the great pyramid of Giza in Scanning the Pyramids, or watch an Emmy Award Winning piece in Stephen Hawking’s Favorite Places for an entire year! And those are just two of the thousands of titles available. For those who want to take their experience to the next level visually, there's Curiosity Stream Premium 4K. For $9.99 a month or $69.99 annually, you can enjoy all of the immersive content of Curiosity Stream in stunning 4K. Compatibility Similar to most popular streaming services, Curiosity Stream is available on nearly every device that supports streaming such as Laptops (PC or Mac), Apple and Android tablets and smartphones, Apple TV, Roku TV, several brands of Smart TVs and more. So no matter what device you use, you can watch your favorite features and series anytime, anywhere, as long as you have an Internet connection. So, if you're tired of dumbed-down television and looking for a high-quality edu-tainment experience, start your 7-day free trial, today. You literally have nothing to lose. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For three Martian years ending in 2017, the Sample Analysis at Mars (SAM) instrument aboard the Curiosity Rover analyzed the composition of the Red Planet's air. Most chemicals in the air behaved in a predictable way, increasing and decreasing in relation to the amount of carbon dioxide at any given point in the year. But not oxygen. It unexpectedly increased by upwards of 30 percent in the spring and summer before dropping back down to expected levels in the fall — and scientists are struggling to figure out why, according to a paper published in the Journal of Geophysical Research: Planets on Tuesday. "The first time we saw that, it was just mind boggling," co-author Sushil Atreya, a climate and space sciences professor University of Michigan, said in a press release. To try to explain the phenomenon, the researchers first double- and triple-checked the accuracy of SAM. Then they considered the possibility that CO2 or water molecules were splitting to produce the extra oxygen. Finally, they calculated whether solar radiation could cause oxygen to split and leave Mars' atmosphere. But no matter how many explanations they considered, the scientists couldn't find one that made sense. "We’re struggling to explain this," research lead Melissa Trainer, a planetary scientist at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, said in the press release. "The fact that the oxygen behavior isn’t perfectly repeatable every season makes us think that it’s not an issue that has to do with atmospheric dynamics. It has to be some chemical source and sink that we can’t yet account for." The team does have one lead it still hasn't exhausted, though: methane. For more than 15 years, scientists struggled to explain where Mars' atmospheric methane was coming from before finally pinpointing an ice sheet on the planet's surface as a source in April. While they still haven't figured out why Mars' atmospheric methane levels spike in the summer, they're now wondering if that existing mystery is tied to this new one. "We’re beginning to see this tantalizing correlation between methane and oxygen for a good part of the Mars year," Atreya said. "I think there’s something to it. I just don’t have the answers yet. Nobody does." READ MORE: With Mars Methane Mystery Unsolved, Curiosity Serves Scientists a New One: Oxygen [NASA] More on Mars: Astronomers Found Mars’ Missing Methane Share This Article 
Wildlife conservationists are celebrating this week as the silver-backed chevrotain — a diminutive deer-like species thought to be extinct for 30 years — has been spotted in Vietnam. "There was a question mark hanging over its current status," Andrew Tilker, Asian species officer at Global Wildlife Conservation, told New Scientist. "Erasing that question mark was a huge deal for us." On Monday, Tilker and his colleagues published a paper in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution detailing their use of camera traps to snap photos of the elusive silver-backed chevrotain, also know as the Vietnam mouse-deer. Each trap was equipped with motion and heat sensors that triggered it to photograph anything that passed nearby — and on more than 200 occasions, the traps snapped photos of silver-backed chevrotains in the forest near Nha Trang. Not only were the images the first confirmed detections of the species since 1990, but they were also the first-ever images of the animal in the wild. The silver-backed chevrotain is — in the most scientific of terms — adorable. Seriously, it looks like what would happen if a deer and a kangaroo had a baby and it never grew bigger than a rabbit. But that's not why the species' detection is so important. The loss of a single species can have a domino effect on an ecosystem, causing other species to follow suit. Additionally, Earth's biodiversity — that is, the variety of species on the planet — is linked to everything from our air quality to our healthcare. "Without biodiversity, there is no future for humanity," Oxford University zoologist David Macdonald told The Guardian in 2018 — and now that we know that we haven't lost the silver-backed chevrotain, we can work to ensure its continued contribution to our planetary ecosystem. "For so long, this species has seemingly only existed as part of our imagination," An Nguyen, an associate conservation scientist for Global Wildlife Conservation, said in a press release. "Discovering that it is, indeed, still out there, is the first step in ensuring we don't lose it again, and we're moving quickly now to figure out how best to protect it." READ MORE: We thought this tiny deer-like animal was extinct for almost 30 years [New Scientist] More on extinction: Losing Biodiversity Could Lead to "Extinction Cascades" Share This Article 
Silicon Valley is helping the global slave trade thrive — and critics argue it should be held accountable for facilitating the barbarous practice. Posing as a husband and wife, a team from BBC News Arabic found it was disturbingly easy to discover human traffickers selling slaves online on Instagram and other popular apps. "In the Gulf, women employed as domestic workers are being sold online via apps approved and provided by Google and Apple," the investigators say in a video they released on Thursday. "It's been called an online slave market." The investigators contacted and met with several of the people advertising domestic workers for sale online, including one in Kuwait who offered to sell them "Fatou" — a 16-year-old girl from Guinea, West Africa — for US$3,800. "This is the quintessential example of modern slavery," Urmila Bhoola, UN Special Rapporteur, Contemporary Forms of Slavery, told BBC News Arabic. "Here we see a child being sold and traded like chattel, like a piece of property." In the wake of the BBC News Arabic investigation, authorities in Kuwait have reportedly "summoned" several of the people behind the social media accounts selling slaves, according to a follow-up BBC News story published Friday. The authorities told BBC News they also forced the account holders to take down their ads and sign a legal agreement promising to no longer "participate in this activity." However, the update makes no mention of any sort of punishment or legal ramifications for the sales, despite Nasser al-Mousawi, Head of Kuwait's Domestic Workers Office, telling the BBC News Arabic team during its investigation that "anyone who deals in this type of business will be punished." Instagram, meanwhile, told BBC News it "had removed further content across Facebook and Instagram, and would prevent the creation of new accounts designed to be used for the online slave market." But Bhoola says that's not enough. "Google, Apple, Facebook, or any other companies [that] are hosting apps like these, they have to be held accountable," she told BBC News Arabic. "What they are doing is promoting an online slave market." American international lawyer Kimberley Motley has taken on the legal case of Fatou — whom authorities located following the investigation and deported home to Guinea where a local family adopted her— and she thinks the big tech companies that facilitated the slave trade should provide monetary compensation for her client. "On [the] Apple Store, they proclaim that they are responsible for everything that's put on their store," Motley told BBC News. "And so our question is, what does that responsibility mean?" Perhaps an even more important question: can Silicon Valley stop their products from being used for human trafficking in the first place? READ MORE: Kuwait moves on Instagram slave traders after BBC investigation [BBC News] More on slavery: AI Tool Helps Law Enforcement Find Victims of Human Trafficking Share This Article 
Are you’re tired of pumping your brain full of psychoactive stimulants every day so you have the energy to take on your school, work, or family responsibilities? Are you looking for a healthier and more effective way to boost cognitive function and mental stamina? If so, you need to check out the advanced cognitive enhancement supplements from the neuroscience experts at TruBrain. Their specially-formulated nootropics are clinically proven to improve your mental performance. If you think you don’t already rely on psychoactive stimulants, think again. Caffeine is actually a central nervous system stimulant and the world’s most popular drug. Every day, 85 percent of Americans consume at least one caffeinated beverage. By far the most popular choice is coffee. In 2018, an estimated 64 percent of us drank at least one cup of Joe per day. The remaining 21 percent of daily caffeine consumption is split among tea, carbonated soft drinks, and energy drinks and shots, with the latter categories being more popular among adolescents and young adults. Of course, there’s nothing wrong with caffeine when it’s consumed in moderation. Caffeine does a great job of making you feel more alert and awake by blocking the neurotransmitters in your brain that induce drowsiness. Caffeine also increases the production of dopamine, which produces a positive state of mind that enhances motivation. The problem is that a lot of people are so addicted to caffeine that they consume near-toxic levels on a daily basis, which can lead to side effects such as jitters, insomnia, headaches, and increased blood pressure. Also, caffeine doesn’t do anything to promote higher brain function. What we need is a better way to stay sharp and focused. That’s where TruBrain comes in. TruBrain was founded by a former Unilever executive and a team of UCLA-trained neuroscientists who wanted to help everyday people boost mental output and clarity without the excessive use of stimulants. To accomplish this goal they created Brain Food and Ketones, two cutting-edge dietary supplements that support the biological conditions necessary for maximum cognitive performance. Brain Food is a scientifically formulated blend of nootropics that has been clinically proven to enhance verbal fluency and improve both memory and learning. It works by increasing blood flow to your brain cells, bringing more oxygen and glucose to the neurons. This increases brain cell metabolism, thereby enhancing plasticity, which is a brain cell’s ability to forge new neural connections. TruBrain’s nootropics also modulate receptors in the brain, making them more receptive. This allows for faster and more efficient communication between neurons, which results in higher brain function. And these cognitive enhancement supplements are just the beginning for TruBrain. The company recently announced a new product that combines its brain-boosting nootropics with the powerful anti-anxiety properties of CBD. And to jump-start initial production of their new CBD nootropics, TruBrain has launched a $1 million fundraising campaign on StartEngine that allows regular people to buy shares of the company and earn lifetime discounts on all TruBrain products. Currently, TruBrain’s Brain Food is available in both drinks and snack bars. Brain Food drinks are 1-ounce shots that combine TruBrain’s scientifically formulated nootropics with a unique blend of natural tropical flavors. They are intended for daily use and come in boxes of 20, 30, or 60. New customers can save 10 percent just by subscribing. You can also save an additional 10, 20, or 30 percent when you pre-order a three-, six-, or 12-month supply. Brain Food Bars are 45g snack bars designed to satisfy your hunger while helping you power past stress, overcome mental blocks, and boost mental output. They combine TruBrain’s brain-boosting nootropics with delicious ingredients like cocoa, dates, and sea salt. Designed for the occasional snacker, Brain Food Bars come in boxes of 12 or 24. New customers can save 10 percent when they subscribe. TruBrain’s other cutting-edge dietary supplement is Ketones. It’s designed to help you reach ketosis, providing more efficient energy for your body and your mind. Normally the body’s primary source of energy is glucose, which it gets from carbohydrates. However, if you deprive the body of carbohydrates long enough it will go into ketosis, which is a metabolic state in which the liver breaks down fat into fatty acids and ketones. The ketones then replace glucose as the body’s primary fuel. Ketones are a more efficient fuel, requiring less energy for the body to use. And unlike glucose, ketones don’t rely on insulin for transportation, which eliminates a very complicated process that often results in sudden drops of energy that leave you craving more sugar. In short, when your body is burning ketones, you’ll have more energy and a 70% more efficient brain metabolism, which results in higher brain function. TruBrain’s Ketones is a chocolate-flavored powder that you dissolve in water. One scoop of the supplement contains 12g of a ketone called betahydroxybutyrate and gives you 10x your average ketone level, offering a more practical way to achieve a higher concentration of ketones than high-fat diets and fasting. So if you’re looking for a way to achieve peak mental and physical performance without the jitters and crashes of traditional stimulants, take advantage of the latest advances in neuroscience and try TruBrain today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Canadian space launch startup Maritime Launch Services (MLS) has partnered with commercial space services company Nanoracks to develop a way to reuse old rocket parts in space, the CBC reports. The idea is to one day turn used upper stages of rockets — the parts that are filled with fuel to launch them into orbit — into orbital facilities, including hotels, research centers and storage depots. "There's lots of things that you can be doing with the upper stages and our core belief at Nanoracks is you don't waste something in space — it's too precious," Jeffrey Manber, CEO of Nanoracks, told the CBC. Nanoracks wants to use MLS's rockets to house welding robots that'll refurbish derelict upper stages into "outposts" while they're already in space, rather than assembling them back on Earth first. But that vision is still many years out. The rockets MLS is currently using, which are Cyclone 4Ms, aren't big enough to be turned into space hotels or other facilities meant for human use, and Manber isn't "sure it would be safe" anyway. Another advantage to this approach: reusing old rocket parts in space means less junk. Space junk is a growing issue and upper stages that aren't sent to be burned up in Earth's atmosphere contribute to it, according to NASA. "We've got this stuff up there anyway, so why not take it and reuse it and repurpose it for something that has a second benefit [...] that does more science," MLS president and CEO Stephen Matier told the CBC. READ MORE: Canso spaceport partners with U.S. company to recycle rockets in space [CBC] More on space junk: Canada Wants Your Help Cleaning up Space Junk Share This Article 
Forget nuclear weapons, biological warfare, and the slew of other ways humanity could cause its own destruction for a moment. If you take into account only naturally occurring phenomena — supervolcanic eruptions, asteroid impacts, and the like — researchers from the University of Oxford recently determined that the probability of our entire species going extinct in any given year is as high as one in 14,000. Now consider this: In October, a separate team from Oxford published its own paper on human extinction in the journal Scientific Reports — and it found that people don't seem to see the loss of humanity as uniquely tragic. The second group of researchers asked more than 2,500 people in the United States and the United Kingdom to rank three possible scenarios from best to worst: no major catastrophe, a catastrophe that wipes out 80 percent of the human population, and a catastrophe that causes complete human extinction. As you might expect, most people ranked no catastrophe as the best possibility and complete human extinction as the worst. But when asked to think about the difference in "badness" between the possibilities, most people were more bothered by the possibility of losing 80 percent of humanity than losing all of it. "Thus, when asked in the most straightforward and unqualified way," the researchers wrote, "participants do not find human extinction uniquely bad." When the researchers switched the whole scenario to focus on an animal species, though, survey respondents saw the loss of all zebras as worse than the loss of 80 percent of zebras. The issue, it seems, is that survey respondents focused a lot on the individual human lives lost in scenario two — and how the deaths might affect those left behind — rather than on the loss of humanity as a whole. In other words, we tend to think of a world without any zebras as more tragic than a world in which most zebras die. But for humankind, most people believe the reverse. There was a way to get survey respondents to consider the loss of our entire species as uniquely bad, though: the researchers just had to tell them humanity would be missing out on a long future existence that was "better than today in every conceivable way." While there's seemingly little we could do to prevent an asteroid impact or a volcanic eruption, humanity does have a say in whether we fall victim to nuclear war and the like — and knowing that people are more likely to care about our species' potential downfall if they're feeling optimistic about our future could play a role in making sure we don't go down one of those self-destructive paths. "People are going to have a lot of influence over what we’re going to do [about the threats of human extinction in our near future]," Stefan Schubert, co-author of the survey paper, recently told Vox. "So it’s important to find out how people think about them." READ MORE: Human extinction would be a uniquely awful tragedy. Why don’t we act like it? [Vox] More on extinction: This Awful Tabloid Predicts a Killer Asteroid Almost Every Day Share This Article 
When three celestial bodies — for instance the Earth, Moon, and Sun — orbit each other, their gravitational pulls produce a peculiar and seemingly unpredictable system. Figuring out how to predict where each mass will be in space and time at any one point is a problem that's been puzzling astronomers ever since Sir Isaac Newton formulated it over 300 years ago. So far, conventional computers have been slaving away at these kinds of calculations, often taking weeks, if not months to produce results — but artificial intelligence could speed things up considerably, as Live Science reports. Researchers from the University of Cambridge have built a neural network they claim can solve the three-body problem much faster than a conventional computer, giving astronomers a leg up in understanding phenomena such as the behavior of star clusters as they collapse or the formation of black hole systems. They posted a paper of their research, which has yet to be peer-reviewed, on the preprint archive arXiv last month. Using Brutus — an advanced software program that, as its name suggests, solves problems by brute force — the team generated about 9,900 simplified three-body scenarios. They then fed these scenarios to the neural net to teach it how to solve them, before pitting Brutus against the neural net on solving 5,000 new and unseen scenarios. The results were astonishing. The Cambridge team's AI solved the problems in less than a single second each. Brutus took far longer: almost two minutes. That's because the AI was able to deduce a pattern rather than making calculations step-by-step. "This neural net, if it does a good job, should be able to provide us with solutions in an unprecedented time frame," co-author Chris Foley, a biostatistician at the University of Cambridge, told Live Science. "So we can start to think about making progress with much deeper questions, like how gravitational waves form." There are plenty of limitations to this new approach, however. For one, scaling up the calculations could present a big hurdle. "There's an interplay between our ability to train a fantastically performing neural network and our ability to actually derive data with which to train it," Foley said. "So there's a bottleneck there." But the researchers are hoping to create a "hybrid" system:  software like Brutus could do the hard work up front, then a neural net would take on "only the parts of the simulation that involve more complex calculations that bog down the software," Foley explained. READ MORE: The 'Three-Body Problem' Has Perplexed Astronomers Since Newton Formulated It. A.I. Just Cracked It in Under a Second. [Live Science] More on physics: Physicists Are Starting to Suspect Physical Reality Is an Illusion Share This Article 
Energy drinks have exploded into a billion-dollar industry in recent years, as consumers from all walks of life look for ways to enhance their mental performance. Unfortunately, this industry doesn’t have a very good reputation. The vast majority of energy drinks and shots on the market are pretty terrible for you, containing anywhere from 200 to 400 milligrams of caffeine and 30 to 50 grams of sugar per serving. These ingredients will wake you up, but they won’t improve your brain’s performance. The good news, however, is that Neurohacker Collective, one of the most respected names in the nootropics industry, is about to change that. They’ve taken all the premium, scientifically proven brain-boosting ingredients that were previously only available in pill form and put them in Qualia Nootropic Energy, the world’s first true smart drink. With just four grams of sugar and the amount of caffeine you’d get in a small cup of coffee, each two-ounce Qualia Nootropic Energy shot is packed with nine researched-backed nootropics, plus three additional ingredients that promote overall health. Together, these ingredients provide clean lasting energy for superior focus and motivation. Saffron is a spice derived from the flowers of the Crocus sativus plant. It’s been used as a spice for at least 4,000 years and is considered the world’s most costly spice by weight. A wide body of research indicates a multitude of diverse health benefits from saffron beyond mental performance. However, when it comes to cognition, there is evidence that saffron supports mood, protects against cognitive impairment, and promotes focus and attention. Celastrus paniculatus, commonly known as “intellect plant,” is a climbing shrub found throughout the Himalayan highlands of northern India. It has been used as an herb in ayurvedic medicine for thousands of years for its nootropic and neuroprotective effects. Studies show it has the ability to increase the number of lipids and phospholipids in the brain, reduce depression, and protect neurons against glutamate-induced toxicity. L-theanine is an amino acid analog of glutamate and glutamine found in green tea derived from the Camellia Sinensis plant. Studies indicate that L-theanine increases alpha brain waves, in turn promoting attention and relaxation without sedation. It can also modulate the release of dopamine, thus improving mood. Alpha-glycerophosphocholine, better known as alpha GPC, is a compound made of choline and glycerophosphate, which have strong neuroprotective effects. Alpha GPC has been shown to increase neural membrane integrity, and is the most effective cholinergic at increasing choline levels in the brain. Coffeeberry is a trademarked and standardized ingredient derived from organic coffee fruits, often called coffee cherries. Coffee plants produce fruits surrounding the hard seed or “bean” from which coffee is made. Coffee cherries are high in polyphenols, and like coffee beans, they also contain caffeine. Many studies indicate coffeeberry’s role in supporting cognitive performance, executive function, task switching, information processing, reasoning, and creative thinking. N-Acetyl-L-Tyrosine is an acetylated form of the amino acid L-Tyrosine. It has a number of nootropic effects, including increased attention, motivation, concentration, memory, and learning. Studies indicate it has the ability to increase the synthesis of noradrenaline from dopamine and balance levels of serotonin and GABA, increase the bioavailability of tyrosine, and reduce the effects of environmental stress. Panax quinquefolius, commonly known as American ginseng, is a plant native to forested regions of North America. Cereboost is a trademarked and standardized American ginseng extract that has been clinically studied on humans. Studies indicate that it enhances working memory and attention while promoting calmness, as well as supporting learning and working memory. It has also been shown to support neurogenesis and has neuroprotective effects. NooLVL is a trademarked inositol-enhanced bonded arginine silicate. It has been shown in studies to upregulate dopamine release, support neurotransmitter signaling, and support performance in complex cognitive tests requiring mental flexibility, processing speed, and executive function. Alpinia galanga is a plant native to southeast Asia, and EnXtra is a trademarked and standardized alpinia galanga rhizome extract. ExXtra has been shown in human clinical studies to support mental attention, alertness, and memory. You can try Qualia Nootropic Energy by clicking HERE. It comes in two-ounce servings that have a refreshing triple berry flavor. You can get 15% off your initial purchase by entering coupon code FUTURISM at checkout, and Neurohacker Collective offers a full 100-day money-back guarantee if you don’t notice a marked improvement in your mental performance. They even offer free cognitive assessment tools to help you track your mental performance changes scientifically. If you’d prefer to use actual science to boost your mental output instead of just flooding your brain with sugar and caffeine, you need to try Neurohacker Collective’s Qualia Nootropics Energy smart drink today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.  Share This Article 
At the first-ever U.S. Air Force Space Pitch Day, a two-day event for the military arm to talk to non-traditional startups and businesses, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said the company's massive Starship rocket will be ludicrously cheap to get into orbit. "If you consider operational costs, maybe it'll be like $2 million," Musk said during an event, as quoted by Space.com. "This is much less than even a tiny rocket, so it's something that needs to be made." While that sounds like a lot, it's a tiny fraction of what existing launches cost: on average, NASA spends an average of $152 million per launch — meaning that, if Musk is to be believed, SpaceX will be able to launch cargo and people into orbit for 1.3 percent of what NASA is currently paying for the same task. SpaceX is planning to send the gigantic Starship rocket to space and far beyond with up to 100 passengers on board. The company is also working on a system that could ferry up to 1,000 passengers from one city to another on board the same rocket within the next ten years. It's an extremely ambitious target. Despite costs plummeting thanks to improving reusability, a launch of SpaceX's much smaller workhorse rocket Falcon 9 currently costs $62 million — more than thirty times Musk's quoted price of a Starship launch. Does that mean Musk pulled the $2 million figure out of thin air? Maybe. At the Air Force event, Musk admitted he does "zero market research whatsoever," according to Space.com. READ MORE: SpaceX's Starship May Fly for Just $2 Million Per Mission, Elon Musk Says [Space.com] More on Starship: Elon Musk: Noisy Starship Spaceports Will Be 20 Miles Offshore Share This Article 
For almost 20 years, the International Space Station has been conducting invaluable research in countless scientific fields, from the effects of microgravity on the human body to monitoring water quality from space. But an increasing number of corporations are sending their products to the cramped confines of the space research lab, often with inconsequential or pointless goals, in an apparent bid for friendly PR. It all begs the question: don't we already have enough space junk orbiting our planet? NASA has itself to blame. In June, the space agency announced that it will officially allow regular citizens to board the Space Station, alongside commercial and marketing activities. In the latest attempt, Adidas sent a soccer ball  to the ISS, ostensibly to test how air resistance affects their spin. In future ISS-based experiments, Adidas says it wants to find ways to improve the cushioning of its footwear — truly the pinnacle of space science. Adidas isn't the only brand slinging their wares to the space station. On Monday, Futurism reported on a startup that plans to age red wine on the ISS — and no, the astronauts won't even get to crack a bottle. Even more startups are sending their crap into space. An outfit called Space Roasters even claims it's working on specially designed pods that'll roast coffee beans as they re-enter Earth's atmosphere. Basically, we're littering an already-crowded space environment and filling up valuable launch manifests with PR stunts. Knock it off, brands. READ MORE: Adidas is partnering with the International Space Station to test products in space [CNN Business] More on ISS experiments: This Startup Is Aging Red Wine on the International Space Station Share This Article 
These days, we do pretty much everything online. And every time you shop, or bank, or order food, or stream movies, or order a cab, or file your taxes, or pay your bills, or send a work email, or use a cloud service, you send sensitive personal information out onto the Internet where just about everybody is trying to collect it. So what are you doing to protect that information? If your answer falls anywhere between “nothing” and “I’m not really sure,” the first thing you need to do is get a VPN. And it just so happens that SiteLock, one of the most trusted names in website security, has just launched its own VPN service. A VPN, or virtual private network, is the online security equivalent of putting a lock on the front door of your house. There are two main reasons why everyone needs one. First, a VPN protects you against hackers who want to steal your personal information. Second, a virtual private network protects your privacy, letting you do what you want on the Internet without worrying that your activity will be easily monitored or traced back to you. When you sign up for a third-party virtual private network, you get access to special software that creates an encrypted tunnel between you and one of the VPN’s servers. When you connect to the Internet, all the information you send out travels through that encrypted tunnel to the VPN server, then from the server to whatever website you are interacting with. In this way, all of your information is secure from prying eyes, and all of your online activity looks like it’s coming from the server instead of you. That means you can shop online without hackers stealing your credit card number; click on a link without data brokerage companies tracking your IP address; or download books and movies without your internet service provider keeping a detailed record of it. Just like putting a lock on the front door of your house, almost any VPN service is better than no virtual private network. However, if you're really serious about online security and privacy, there are several features you’re going to want to look for in a VPN service. The first thing you’ll want to look at is the company’s logging policy. Depending on where in the world a virtual private network company is headquartered, they may be required by law to keep detailed records of everything you do online—even though privacy and anonymity might be the reasons you got a VPN in the first place. If you don’t want a hacker or government agency looking at your online activity, find a virtual private network service with a strict “no logging” policy. Another essential thing you’ll want to look for in a virtual private network service is connection speeds. When you use a VPN, your data gets rerouted through different servers all around the world, which can result in slower connection speeds. However, this problem can be solved if a company maintains a large network of the most advanced servers. Last but not least, when looking for a virtual private network, you’ll want to make sure it’s secure against DNS leaks. A DNS leak is a security flaw in some browsers, operating systems, and VPN applications that allow some of your traffic to “leak” out at the entrance to your private encrypted tunnel. And that again means that your online activity is not 100-percent private. Luckily, SiteLock’s new VPN service meets all of these essential requirements. When you sign up with SiteLock's virtual private network, you get total security and privacy without sacrificing connection speeds. Worried about setting up your virtual private network? Not sure you’ll be able to troubleshoot if you encounter problems? Don’t worry. Just like their top-rated website security services, SiteLock’s VPN service comes with 24/7 U.S.-based customer support. When you sign up, you’ll be able to call, email, or chat with a customer support representative any time, day or night, 365 days a year. SiteLock VPN is available on a monthly basis for those who are just looking to try it out. However, SiteLock VPN is also available in one-year and two-year subscriptions, which save you 40 and 60 percent respectively off the monthly price. So if you’re looking to ramp up your online security, you won’t find a quality virtual private network at a more affordable price. So click here to learn more about Sitelock VPN. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Countless millions of people use AI assistants such as Siri or Alexa to do everything from make purchases online to control the locks in their smart homes. Just say the command that triggers the assistant, and the sound waves from your voice will hit a part of your smart device's microphone called the diaphragm. That causes the diaphragm to move, producing electrical signals that the device's software can understand and respond to. But according to new research funded in part by the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, cybercriminals could hack Siri, Alexa, and other voice-activated AI assistants without saying a word — they just need a line of sight to the device. A team from Japan and the University of Michigan found that an attacker could encode a command in a beam of light rather than speak it. When they then shine the light on a device's microphone, the diaphragm moves just as it would if hit by sound waves. In tests, the researchers found they could hack Siri and other AI assistants from up to 110 meters (360 feet) away — that was the length of the longest hallway they had access to. They also controlled a device in one building from a bell tower 70 meters (230 feet) away by shining their light through a window. Someone could buy the equipment needed to command an AI assistant using light for less than $400, the researchers said. The telephoto lens needed for long-range attacks bumps that up to $600, but that's still a small price to pay for access to anything from a person's online accounts to the locks keeping their home secure. READ MORE: With a Laser, Researchers Say They Can Hack Alexa, Google Home or Siri [The New York Times] More on AI assistants: United Nations: Siri and Alexa Are Encouraging Misogyny Share This Article 
You probably don’t need me to tell you that we’re approaching a critical mass of video streaming  services. More and more are being launched all the time, each with their own blend of back catalog favorites and new original programming. And as the number of streaming services grows, what used to be a simple equation weighing the cost of a streaming subscription or two against paying for cable has become much more complicated. But one of the best and biggest bangs for your streaming buck belongs to CBS All Access, which can be yours for as little as $5.99 a month. And right now, you can try CBS All Access free for one week. If you are or have ever been a fan of CBS’s legendary catalog of programming, CBS All Access is mandatory viewing. They have more than 10,000 episodes of programs from across the CBS library, including daytime, prime time, and late night shows, as well as classic favorites. New episodes of contemporary series are added almost immediately after broadcast, which means you can stay current on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Blue Bloods, Survivor, Big Brother, and anything else you’re used to seeing on CBS. No streaming service worth its salt lacks exclusive programing. And CBS has pulled out all the stops, giving All Access a respectable range of exclusives, including Star Trek: Discovery and the newest version of The Twilight Zone hosted by Jordan Peele. And if you’re a Star Trek fan, you undoubtedly already know about Star Trek: Picard, another CBS All Access original that will feature Patrick Stewart’s return to his legendary role. Of course, CBS's live television is also included with CBS All Access. So you can always check out your local CBS affiliate via live stream. It also includes a few other live TV options like CBSN, CBS Sports HQ, and ET Live 24/7. You can even spy on the old Big Brother house at any time of the day or night via the Big Brother live feeds. And let's not forget that the service includes the NFL on CBS. CBS All Access is available in two different price tiers. If you’re OK with commercial breaks, you can get an ad-supported plan for just $5.99 a month. But if the modern streaming world has you spoiled for commercial-free viewing, you can opt for that, and it’s still a bargain at $9.99 per month. And if you’re in school, (and you can prove it), CBS All Access also offers student plans with a 25-percent discount. So if you’re ready to give CBS All Access a try, you can do so for a week absolutely free. Head over to the service’s official site to get started and to learn more about all the features it has to offer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's the one aspect of reality we all take for granted: an object exists in the world regardless of whether you're looking at it. But theoretical and quantum physicists have been struggling for years with the possibly of a "many worlds" interpretation of reality, which suggests that every time two things could happen, it splits into new parallel realities. Essentially, they think you're living in one branch of a complex multiverse — meaning that there are a near-infinite number of versions of you that could have made every conceivable alternate choice in your life. Physicist Sean Carroll from the California Institute of Technology deals with this problem in his new book "Something Deeply Hidden." In a new interview with NBC, Carroll makes his stance on the matter clear: he thinks the "many worlds" hypothesis is a definite possibility. "It's absolutely possible that there are multiple worlds where you made different decisions," he told the network. "We're just obeying the laws of physics." So if there are multiple worlds, how many are there? "We don't know whether the number of worlds is finite or infinite, but it's certainly a very large number," Carroll claimed. "There’s no way it’s, like, five." And he goes further, into a metaphysical view of the universe in which physical reality has much to do with the observer. "Before you look at an object, whether it's an electron, or an atom or whatever, it's not in any definite location," Carroll told NBC. "It might be more likely that you observe it in one place or another, but it's not actually located at any particular place." Carroll isn't the only one that has examined the possibility of many alternate realities. The likes of Stephen Hawking and Erwin Schrödinger have suggested that many other parallel worlds exist as well. In his most recent work, Hawking suggested that thanks to quantum mechanics, the Big Bang supplied us with an endless number of universes, not just one. As for the ability to visit other parallel universes, a topic that's come up countless times in science fiction, Carroll is not hopeful. "[Alternate universes] don't interact, they don't influence each other in any form," he said. "Crossing over is like traveling faster than the speed of light. It's not something that you can do." READ MORE: The weirdest idea in quantum physics is catching on: There may be endless worlds with countless versions of you. [NBC] More on parallel universes: Parallel Universes Could Solve One of the Biggest Mysteries in Physics Share This Article 
An international team of astronomers have identified a strange exoplanet — which shouldn't exist, according to their calculations. By examining the oscillations of a star system 364 light-years away, Space.com reports, the team found that an exoplanet was apparently swallowed whole by its star when it turned into a red giant. And yet, somehow, the planet appears to still exist. The discovery could force astronomers to rethink the way stars live and die — and what happens to their exoplanets. A star becomes a red giant towards the end of its life cycle, its outer atmosphere ballooning outwards and its outer surface reaching extremely hot temperatures. Depending on its size, it can then explode in a supernova to form a black hole or collapse in on itself into an extremely dense white dwarf. By analyzing data from NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite, the team concluded that the star probably engulfed its unlocky planet — but that it somehow survived. "Stellar analysis seems to suggest that the star is too evolved to still host a planet at such a 'short' orbital distance, while from the exoplanet analysis we know that the planet is there!" said Vardan Adibekyan from the Faculdade de Ciências da Universidade do Porto, co-author of a paper published in the Astrophysical Journal last week, in a statement. There is another possibility that Adibekyan finds likely: the exoplanet's orbit could have moved inward after its star's red giant stage. "The solution to this scientific dilemma is hidden in the 'simple fact' that stars and their planets not only form but also evolve together," Adibekyan said. "In this particular case, the planet managed to avoid engulfment." READ MORE: 'Improbable Planet' Somehow Survives Being Swallowed by Red Giant Star [Space.com] More on astronomy mysteries: Scientists: Something About the Universe Doesn’t Look Right Share This Article 
An unusual payload launched for the International Space Station this weekend. Among the 8,200 pounds of research, crew supplies, and hardware contained in a Northrup Grumman resupply rocket, there were also twelve bottles of wine, as pointed out by TechCrunch. Sadly, the wine isn't meant for astronaut consumption. The twelve ISS-bound bottles of an undisclosed varietal are the work of French startup Space Cargo Unlimited, which gave the mission the whimsical Latin name "Vitis Vinum in Spatium Experimentia," which translates roughly to "Wine Grape in Space Experiment." The project is meant to study the effects of microgravity and space radiation on the aging process of wine. For the next twelve months, the wine will remain on the ISS, sealed in its glass bottles, while samples from the batch age simultaneously back on Earth. After the space wine returns to Earth, the researchers will analyze both samples to determine how space aging affects the fermentation process of wine, including a bit of taste testing to see how flavors may have changed. According to Space Cargo Unlimited's website, the mission is "the first privately lead comprehensive research program on the ISS" to focus "on the future of agriculture for a changing Earth." But it isn't the first time fermented beverages have left the launchpad. In fact, both beer and whisky have both made space debuts. There was once even a time when Russian cosmonauts tippled cognac on the since-decommissioned space station Mir — at the request of doctors who claimed, dubiously, that it might have health benefits. The Space Cargo project will hopefully produce insights into space fermentation, but may also represent a first tentative step toward establishing space-based commerce. That's because of the startup's business model which, as reported by Quartz, involves a system in which "the research will be paid for in part by a luxury goods partnership that will deliver a customized chest full of objects flown to space to ultra-wealthy sponsors, called patrons, who back the project. The highlight of that chest will be a bottle of the wine." Such a plan, though gimmicky, isn't entirely farfetched. In a climate where NASA's budget is facing ever-tighter restrictions, the future may depend more on space PR stunts, such as this one. But hey, if that's what it takes to put space-aged Cab Sauv on the wine list, we'll drink. READ MORE: A startup just launched red wine to the International Space Station to age for 12 months [TechCrunch] More on Future Beverages: Five Ways Science Will Change The Way We Drink Share This Article 
Moderating content for Facebook is traumatic. That's not an opinion — it's a fact. Thousands of people spend their work days deciding whether posts violate Facebook's content policies. And a growing number have spoken to the media about the terrible toll of seeing countless images and videos depicting violence, sex abuse, child pornography, and torture. In March 2018, one moderator in Tampa, Florida, actually died right at his desk. That man, Keith Utley, was employed by a firm called Cognizant, which reportedly signed a two-year, $200 million contract with Facebook to keep the platform free of objectionable content — and, in a huge blow to Facebook's moderation strategy, it just announced it'll cut ties with the social media company when that contract runs out. "We have determined that certain content work in our digital operations practice is not in line with our strategic vision for the company, and we intend to exit this work over time," Cognizant told BBC News. "This work is largely focused on determining whether certain content violates client standards — and can involve objectionable materials." "In the meantime, we will honor our existing obligations to the small number of clients affected and will transition, over time, as those commitments begin to wind down," the firm later added. "In some cases, that may happen over 2020, but some contracts may take longer." BBC News wrote that the decision will lead to the loss of an estimated 6,000 jobs and affect both the Tampa moderation site and one in Phoenix, Arizona. "We respect Cognizant's decision to exit some of its content review services for social media platforms," Facebook's Arun Chandra told BBC News. "Their content reviewers have been invaluable in keeping our platforms safe — and we'll work with our partners during this transition to ensure there's no impact on our ability to review content and keep people safe." Cognizant wasn't Facebook's sole source of content moderators — the company has 20 review sites employing approximately 15,000 people across the globe. But even that army of moderators hasn't been enough to prevent policy-violating content from slipping through the cracks. Perhaps most notably, an Australian man used Facebook to livestream an assault on two mosques in New Zealand in March that led to the deaths of 51 people. Not only did the bloody video rack up thousands of views before Facebook's moderators took it down, but the company struggled to remove copies of the footage from its platform in the aftermath of the slaughter. If Facebook considers its platform "safe" now, it's hard to imagine what it could look like if the social network doesn't quickly replace the Cognizant employees currently comprising more than a third of its moderation work force. Editor's Note: This article was updated to correct the citizenship of the man who attacked the New Zealand mosques. READ MORE: Facebook moderation firm Cognizant quits [BBC News] More on Facebook moderation: Facebook Moderators Are Dying at Their Desks Share This Article 
Ask a scientist — or anyone, really — about the birth of the universe, and they'll probably tell you it started with the Big Bang. What nobody knows, though, is what caused that explosion. Some suspect the Big Bang was actually a massive star going supernova, but again, no one knows what exactly causes those stars to ignite, either. That might have just changed, though, thanks to a University of Central Florida research team that says it discovered the conditions necessary for a Big Bang explosion in their lab — without actually intending to. A team led by Kareem Ahmed, an assistant professor in UCF’s Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, was testing methods for producing hypersonic jet propulsion when it discovered that a passive flame could accelerate and explode on its own. "We explore these supersonic reactions for propulsion, and as a result of that, we came across this mechanism that looked very interesting," Ahmed said in a press release. "When we started to dig deeper, we realized that this is relatable to something as profound as the origin of the universe." What his team discovered was that turbulence could cause a passive flame, like that of a candle, to self-accelerate and eventually detonate. From there, the team created a two-inch-by-two-inch shock tube that induces the turbulence needed for a passive flame to become active — essentially, the researchers found a way to create "Little Bangs" mimicking the big one that birthed our universe. "We’re taking a simplified flame to where it’s reacting at five times the speed of sound," Ahmed said in the release. They've detailed their work in a paper published Friday in the journal Science. Aside from potential applications in air and space travel, the researchers believe their study could improve our understanding of the Big Bang, and maybe even what — if anything — preceded it. READ MORE: Scientists recreate origin of the universe in a lab [Inverse] More on the Big Bang: New Research: There May Have Been Dark Matter Before Big Bang Share This Article 
In 1982, director Ridley Scott graced the world with "Blade Runner," the cult-favorite sci-fi film noir that painted a stunning picture of a bleak, distant future: November 2019. Since that starts, well, today, let's compare our current timeline to the one in "Blade Runner." Just please don't bring back those insufferable jokes about hoverboards that flooded the internet in 2015 when we hit the futuristic date that Marty McFly traveled to "Back To The Future Part II." Since it's been long enough to spoil the ending, "Blade Runner" is basically about rebelling replicants: sentient, humanoid, robot-like beings that were built to labor on off-world colonies. Complete with advanced genetic engineering, artificial general intelligence, flying cars, and frequent space travel, the movie seems to have been overall a bit too optimistic when it comes to technological development. When it comes to artificial intelligence and robotics — let's just decide that replicants are robots for simplicity — we're still stuck deep in the uncanny valley. I mean, just look at Sophia, often held up as one of the most advanced, lifelike humanoid robots out there today. Yeesh. Replicants were also supposed to be the pinnacle of genetic engineering — while Blade Runner's 2019 has market-ready bionic eyes and other cool body modifications, we're stuck in the 2019 where our version of human genetic experimentation is He Jiankui, the infamous Chinese scientist who used CRISPR to tinker with the genome of literal human children. When it comes to transportation, the actual November 2019 still appears to be decades behind the November 2019 depicted in "Blade Runner." While Harrison Ford cruised around in a flying car, we have Tesla CEO Elon Musk building pickup trucks that he says will look kind of Blade Runner-y. Engineers are getting closer to personalized air transport, but those largely take the form of experimental flying taxis that are far from being consumer-friendly — and we also don't have cities with the infrastructure to support flying cars, so there's not that much point in building them anyway. Traveling outside of Earth's atmosphere is equally dicey — Virgin Galactic says it's about ready for consumer spaceflight, but that really depends on how where you place the boundary between Earth and space. And of course there are no off-world colonies yet. All in all, a quick glance at the world today shows that we're pretty far away from the futuristic world of November 2019 as imagined by Ridley Scott. Well, at least we got the whole environmental collapse part right. More on Blade Runner: New ‘Blade Runner: 2049’ Trailer Gives You a Glimpse of a Potential Dystopian Future Share This Article 
It almost seems like astronomers are in a race to unveil the biggest black holes they can find. Most recently, a team of German astronomers claimed to have discovered a black hole 40 billion times the mass of the Sun. But what if there are also black holes many magnitudes smaller? In a study published today in the prestigious journal Science, a team of astronomers from Ohio State University claim to have discovered an entirely new and previously missing class of black holes. "We're showing this hint that there is another population out there that we have yet to really probe in the search for black holes," lead author Todd Thompson said in a statement. If confirmed, current theories would have to take into account an entirely new class of black hole — forcing us to rethink how we understand the way stars and other kinds of celestial objects are born and die. Thompson and his team were puzzled by the huge gap between the size of the biggest neutron stars — extremely dense and relatively small stars that form after larger stars implode after a supernova — and the smallest black holes we know of. Neutron stars are fairly small — two to three times the mass of the Sun — but stars any larger than that tend to collapse in on themselves and form black holes. Their smoking gun: a giant red star that was orbiting something that at first appeared to be too small to be a black hole in the Milky Way, but that was much bigger than the neutron stars we know of. The black hole it was orbiting turned out to be only 3.3 times the mass of the Sun — usually the black holes we've found in the past are at least five times the Sun's mass or much, much larger. The discovery could redefine the way we look at the lifecycle of a star. "If we could reveal a new population of black holes, it would tell us more about which stars explode, which don't, which form black holes, which form neutron stars," said Thompson. "It opens up a new area of study." READ MORE: Scientists may have discovered whole new class of black holes [The Ohio State University] More on black holes: Astronomers Just Spotted One of the Biggest Black Holes Ever Share This Article 
Science fiction fans are already familiar with author Ted Chiang, and now the writer of Stories of Your Life and Others (which was the source material for 2016's Arrival starring Amy Adams) is back with a new collection called Exhalation: Stories. The new book counts among its fans former President Barack Obama, who calls it “a collection of short stories that will make you think, grapple with big questions, and feel more human. The best kind of science fiction.” Exhalation: Stories features nine stories that, like all great SF, are built to ponder the biggest, oldest questions in the universe. There’s “The Merchant and the Alchemist’s Gate,” about a fabric seller in ancient Baghdad who is confronted with a time portal. There’s “Exhalation,” which gives the collection its title, about an extraterrestrial scientist who makes a startling discovery. And “Anxiety Is the Dizziness of Freedom,” which uses the concept of parallel dimensions to explore concepts like freedom of choice and the idea of free will. But that’s only three of the nine stories that make up Exhalation: Stories, and our descriptions don’t do justice to the dizzying and emotionally powerful stories themselves. To really do that, you have to read them for yourself. But don't take our word for it. In addition to Barack Obama, the collection has some other famous enthusiasts – like Alan Moore, the author of Watchmen and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, who had this to say: “As much thought experiments as stories, Ted Chiang's exquisite mechanisms employ science fiction as an instrument to probe the human condition. Like the chronicler of Exhalation’s title narrative, he opens the back of his own head and lays bare its mysterious golden motion for the hushed appreciation of an awestruck audience. Beautifully written and conceived, this is a marvelous, astonishing collection that we would do well to read before the worlds it conjures are upon us. Urgently recommended.” And Joyce Carol Oates is another notable author who's a big fan of this collection from Ted Chiang: “Illuminating, thrilling. . . . Like such eclectic predecessors as Philip K. Dick, James Tiptree, Jr., Jorge Luis Borges, Ursula K. Le Guin, Margaret Atwood, Haruki Murakami, China Miéville, and Kazuo Ishiguro, Chiang has explored conventional tropes of science fiction in highly unconventional ways. . . . Individual sentences possess the windowpane transparency that George Orwell advocated as a prose ideal. . . . It is both a surprise and a relief to encounter fiction that explores counterfactual worlds like these with . . . ardor and earnestness. . . . Human curiosity, for Chiang, is a nearly divine engine of progress.” When names like Dick, Le Guin, and Miéville are getting thrown around, you know that you’re dealing with an essential work in the Sci-fi genre. Exhalation: Stories contains stories that have never been published before as well as some uncollected rarities from the Ted Chiang vault, so if you or anyone you know is a fan of thought-provoking, brainy but readable science-fiction, head over to Amazon and get a copy right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Astronomers have long puzzled over the mystery of dark energy, a mysterious substance that appears to make up almost 70 percent of the universe and which seems to be intricately linked to the cosmos' expansion. But a new experiment could shed light on the mystery of dark energy. Last week, scientists achieved "first light" — the first time an instrument or telescope collects light particles — with the Mayall Telescope's Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument (DESI). The new instrument will map the overall structure of the universe, up to about 11 billion light years from Earth according to a press release, to see how fast and how much it's expanding — and perhaps give us clues about the nature of dark energy in the process. The device's robotic array of 5,000 fiber-optic "eyes" is designed to automatically narrow its gaze at sets of galaxies and map their exact distance from Earth by gathering their light and splitting that light into narrow bands of wavelengths. And at a dizzying rate: it can cycle through 5,000 galaxies every 20 minutes. Astronomers are hoping to begin formal observations early next year. To professor of astrophysics at the University of Portsmouth Bob Nichol, DESI has the potential to "spark a revolution in theoretical physics" by examining the mysteries surrounding dark energy and the fundamental laws, if there are any, that constrain the size and expansion of the universe. "Despite the fact that most physicists have now accepted that there is such a thing as dark energy, we still do not know its exact form," he wrote in a piece for The Conversation. But "new instruments like DESI will help take the next step in resolving the mystery." The new instrument could also tackle some even more fundamental laws of astrophysics that have been upheld for over a century. "DESI should also be able to constrain, and even kill, many theories of modified gravity, possibly providing an emphatic confirmation of Einstein's Theory of General Relativity on the largest scales," Nichol added. "Or the opposite—and again that would spark a revolution in theoretical physics." READ MORE: Dark energy: new experiment may solve one of the universe’s greatest mysteries [The Conversation] More on dark energy: Some Black Holes May Actually Be Blobs of Dark Energy Share This Article 
George Hotz, a 26-year-old hacker, has developed a self-driving car. Oh, and he built it in about a month. In his garage. A tangle of electronics is attached to a wooden board where the glove compartment used to be. A joystick protrudes where you’d usually find a gearshift. And a 21.5-inch screen is also attached to the center of the dash. “Tesla only has a 17-inch screen,” Hotz tells Bloomberg. Hotz explains that his self-driving setup, similar to the autopilot feature on a Tesla, is meant for highways, not city streets. Of course, building an autonomous car that can drive anywhere is pretty impressive; however, such feats are nothing new for Hotz. He is the first person to crack the iPhone and the first to crack the PlayStation 3. However, Hotz doesn't seem to think the accomplishment is that difficult. Artificial intelligence software and consumer-level cameras, Hotz asserts, have become good enough to allow anyone with the necessary know-how to create a low-cost self-driving system for just about any car. In fact, he thinks he can challenge Mobileye, the Israeli company that supplies the current driver-assist technology. “It’s absurd,” Hotz says of Mobileye. “They’re a company that’s behind the times, and they have not caught up.” Hotz plans to best the Mobileye technology with readily accessible electronics. The goal is to sell the camera and software package for $1,000 a set either to automakers or directly to consumers who will want the customized vehicles they see at Hotz’s showroom. The timeline for all of this is unclear, but Hotz says he’ll release a YouTube video a few months from now in which his Acura beats a Tesla Model S on Interstate 405 in Los Angeles. The purpose of the exercise is twofold. First, he hopes it will prove the technology works and is ready for the market. Second, it will help Hotz win a bet with Elon Musk, chief executive officer of Tesla. Tesla published a blog post refuting Hotz’s claims, saying, “it is extremely unlikely that a single person or even a small company that lacks extensive engineering validation capability will be able to produce an autonomous driving system that can be deployed to production vehicles.” Admittedly, Hotz acknowledges that his current design isn't (at the present time) on par with a major company that has been backed financially and also houses teams of scientists and engineers; however, his contribution is impressive, and the potential is noteworthy. Learn more about the development in this video. Share This Article 
Ever since DNA’s role in heredity was confirmed in the mid-20th century, scientists have been working to decipher the human genome and unlock knowledge that can improve our lives. Now, at long last, the knowledge is finally available. To get it, all you have to do is take a DNA test. And thanks to companies like 23andMe, taking a DNA test is easier than ever. The driving goal of 23andMe is to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. To do that, they’ve created easy-to-use home genetic testing kits and state-of-the-art genetic screening processes, making cutting edge genetic science available to everyday consumers. For those who might be a little rusty on the subject of genetics, think of your DNA as an almost unfathomably long string of words that contain the instructions for our development, functioning, growth, and reproduction. This sequence is 99.9 percent the same for every human being on earth. However, the remaining 0.1 percent contains different “markers” that indicate a genetic disposition to certain diseases and conditions. And when it comes to using a DNA test to find these markers, there’s no better place to start than the Health + Ancestry DNA Test from 23andMe. With 23andMe, discovering what your DNA has to say about you could not be easier. The first step is ordering your at-home sample collection kit, which typically arrives in three to five days. Once you receive it, just follow the kit instructions and spit into the collection tube, seal it, and mail it back in the pre-paid packaging provided. That’s it. No blood. No needles. Just spit. In three to five weeks you’ll receive an email telling you that your reports are ready to be viewed through your secure online account. The 23andMe Health + Ancestry DNA Test provides 35+ reports on your genetic ancestry, 30+ reports on various genetic traits and characteristics, 11 reports on your genetic predisposition to various diseases, 8 reports on genetic links between various wellness and lifestyle issues, and 40+ carrier status reports that indicate whether you are a carrier for a given condition. The Health + Ancestry test screens for genetic indicators of the following diseases and conditions: According to 23andMe, all reports are fully backed by science and meet the highest quality standards. The DNA collection kit is FDA-approved. The Genetic Health Risk and Carrier Status reports meet FDA criteria for being scientifically and clinically valid. All saliva samples are processed in CLIA-certified and CAP-accredited labs. And personalized reports are based on well-established scientific and medical research. 23andMe also notes that these reports are NOT diagnoses. Even the best home DNA test cannot provide an exhaustive examination of your DNA. However, the reports can provide insights into your future health so that you can be the best possible advocate for yourself with your doctor. Why leave your future health to chance? Order 23andMe’s Health + Ancestry DNA Test today and take full advantage of the latest advances in human genetics. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Going out for drinks would be a little more enticing if you'd simply wake up the next day without that splitting headache. But now, instead of allowing your hangover to dictate how much, (or how little) you drink, put the science behind hangovers to work for you instead of against you. According to the Alcohol Hangover Research Group, what makes a hangover so horrendous isn't the drinking. The real culprit is the chemicals your body makes to break down the booze you've already consumed. Although dehydration definitely contributes to the fact that your body feels debilitated after a night out, there's more to it than staying hydrated. It's a delicate balance of factors that include the fact that hangovers really do get worse as we age. But luckily, there's something that can help. Enter Blowfish. Blowfish has one job: fix your hangover. In the morning, just drop the tablets in water and drink when the fizzing stops.  It’s lemon-flavored with a nice “Wow. I’m not dying anymore” finish. Each Blowfish tablet contains 500mg of aspirin and 60 mg of pharmaceutical caffeine in two effervescent tablets. You’re probably thinking this sounds too simple. And it is. Blowfish gives you everything you need to feel better quickly: pain reliever, caffeine, effervescence, and hydration. Just drop the tablets in water, wait for them to dissolve, and drink. Blowfish gives you an opportunity to make friends with the morning again. Don't believe it? The next time you've had a night on the town, take Blowfish as soon as you wake up and see for yourself... unless you really want that hangover to last longer. Blowfish is specifically formulated for people with hangovers. That means it’s designed to work fast and be gentle on your stomach. That's because effervescent tablets work twice as quickly as regular pills. And the medicinal caffeine and effervescent solution are easier on your stomach than coffee, which has been shown to be a strong producer of stomach acid (which is not exactly what your stomach needs after a night of getting pummeled by alcohol). Most importantly, Blowfish is the only hangover formulation that’s recognized as effective by the FDA. It’s backed by science and guaranteed to work. And at about a buck a hangover, it's pretty much a no brainer for anyone who likes to drink but doesn't like to feel like death the next day. Blowfish's effervescent bubbles target the worst parts of hangovers: the pounding headache, nausea and dehydration. For starters, say goodbye to your splitting headache, because the maximum strength aspirin in Blowfish is designed to put and end to your pain. Plus, the effervescent delivery method gets the pain reliever into your system faster than you can email in sick. Additionally, science has proven that caffeine eases hangover symptoms like nausea. However, unlike your Cup of Joe, Blowfish won't upset your stomach. In fact, it's designed to ease that pain too. Most importantly, alcohol suppresses a hormone called Vasopressin which can result in frequent urination and dehydration. Blowfish is designed to replenish that hormone so you get the H2O and hydration you desperately need to make it through your day like last night never even happened. Not only that, but Blowfish is a treatment that really works. The people behind it believe in their product so much they're willing to refund your money if you aren't impressed. That's right, if you don’t love the product, they’ll give you your money back. But once Blowfish does it's magic to your hangover, you'll be ordering more. So the next time you plan on hitting the town, grab some Blowfish for the morning. You'll be glad you did. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On Sunday, United States President Donald Trump announced during a live news conference that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the terrorist group ISIS, was dead. One of the juiciest details he shared about the two-hour raid: that the U.S. military brought a robot along for the mission. But unfortunately for the military tech junkies of the world, details on this bot seem harder to find than al-Baghdadi himself. What we do know: Trump noted the robot's involvement several times during his live news conference. "We actually had a robot to go in the tunnel but we didn’t get it because we were tracking [al-Baghdadi] very closely," he said. "But we had a robot just in case because we were afraid he had a suicide vest on and if you get close to him and he blows it up, you’re going to die." When a reporter later asked Trump if the robot followed the ISIS leader into the tunnel where he eventually killed himself, Trump responded that "the robot was set to but we didn’t hook it up because we were too — they were moving too fast. We were moving fast." Trump's official written statement on the mission, however, makes no mention of any military robot. And so far, no one else involved in the ISIS raid has breathed a word about it. We know a military dog got injured during the raid because Trump declassified a photo of the hound. We also know the mission "included helicopters, jets, and U.S. drones," because that's what sources involved in the raid told NBC News. Perhaps Trump was using the term "robot" loosely, and it was actually a drone that the military considered sending into the tunnel — but we doubt it. U.S. officials did tell NBC News that some of what Trump said during the news conference was "inaccurate" and that some of the facts the president did get right — such as his disclosure that the U.S. captured ISIS fighters during the raid — could compromise future military operations. So, as much as we want to know more about this military robot, we're not confident we can Trump's version of events — and for the safety of the troops, it's probably for the best that the bot remains shrouded in mystery, anyway. READ MORE: Officials cringed as Trump spilled sensitive details of al-Baghdadi raid [NBC News] More on ISIS: ISIS Is Using TikTok to Spread Propaganda Share This Article 
Bed sheets, towels, and pillowcases are basic components of every home. If you’re really on top of things you keep them washed a couple of times a week. But even then science, unfortunately, indicates that these are hot spots for all kinds of nasty little microbes unless you replace these germ breeding grounds with those made by the folks at Miracle. All of Miracle’s products are engineered to be much, much cleaner, more sanitary, and ultimately healthier than the usual standard. This is accomplished by the magic of antimicrobial silver, woven into all of Miracle’s sheets and towels. The silver has antimicrobial properties that purportedly allow you to wash these products three times less often than regular ones, owing to the fact that they almost clean themselves at least as far as microscopic contaminants are concerned. It works by way of silver’s positively charged ions that draw in bacterial like a magnet where they die off instead of reproducing as they do when left to their own devices. Here are some additional details on the products offered by Miracle, all of which are subject to a 30-day money-back guarantee: You may not think about them too often but you’re more intimately acquainted with your pillowcases than you are with your immediate family. And unfortunately, that acquaintance carries with it bacteria and germs that don’t just make you sick but can also cause acne and other skin problems. With Miracle Pillow Cases loaded with that antimicrobial silver, those germs cower like vampires from the place your face spends 6-9 hours every night – one happy byproduct of which could be clearer, healthier skin. If you’re gonna spring for Miracle pillowcases, you might as well go for the full bedding set too, unless you’re sentimentally attached to all the germs and microbes hanging out in your sheets now. The Miracle Sheet Set includes two pillowcases as well as a fitted sheet and a flat sheet, all woven with antimicrobial silver. Of course, if you really want to have a conversation about germs in your home, you’ve got to give some attention to those damp towels hanging in your bathroom. Bathrooms tend to be infested with microbes thanks to all the moisture and warm air floating around in there, and your towels are in the center of them all soaking a lot of it up. Like their bedding products, the Miracle Towel Set will cut through 99.9 percent of bacteria, and includes two bath towels, two hand towels, and two washcloths, all with the microbe-terminating silver threads and designed to maximize absorbency. As a bonus, they dry about twice as quickly as conventional towels. If you’re ready to evict your unwanted microbial roommates, you can do so by replacing your towels, sheets, and pillow cases with Miracle’s new offerings, which you can try for 30 days risk-free. So head over to Miracle’s online store right now and do some shopping – the only thing you have to lose is an uncountable amount of germs. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In September, an Australian government committee asked for ideas on how to make it harder for minors to access online porn. Now, another government body — the Department of Home Affairs — has submitted a response to that inquiry. Its totalitarian solution: start scanning porn viewers' faces, and matching them up with government photos, to verify their ages. Home Affairs — essentially the Aussie version of the United States' Department of Homeland Security — is currently developing a Face Verification Service that would confirm a person's identify by matching their face to a photo in a government identification document, such as a driver's license. In its one-page submission to the Social Policy and Legal Affairs Committee, Home Affairs notes that the system "could assist in age verification, for example by preventing a minor from using their parent’s driver [license] to circumvent age verification controls." The submission doesn't explain exactly how this age verification would work or address potential problems with it. What happens, for example, if an adult wants to open a porn site on a device without a camera? And what's to prevent a minor from holding up a photo of an adult to bypass the verification process? However, it does confirm that Home Affairs is already thinking about how to apply its in-development service to the private sector — pun intended — and that's something it won't be legally allowed to do unless Parliament passes the Identity-matching Services Bill 2019. To sum up: a lot needs to happen before porn users in Australia are subjected to age-verifying face scans — but it's not the first nation to explore the use of facial recognition tech for this purpose. The United Kingdom planned to force pornographic websites to include age checks, either through face scans or some other verification system — but after multiple implementation delays, it finally dropped the plan completely earlier this month amid concerns about both workability and privacy. Only time will tell whether Australia will take Home Affairs up on its suggestion to use face scans for age verification on pornographic sites — or if the plan will meet the same fate as the U.K.'s. READ MORE: The Department of Home Affairs proposes using face scanning tech to verify Aussie porn users are over 18 [Business Insider] More on age verification: Data From British Porn Viewers Might Be in the Hands of One Company Share This Article 
The U.S. Air Force announced Sunday that its top secret X-37B space plane had landed at the Kennedy Space Center, after spending 779 days in space — its longest stint yet. The Air Force remains extremely tight lipped about the purpose of the two-year spaceflight. In a vaguely-worded press release, it said the craft "enables the US to more efficiently and effectively develop space capabilities necessary to maintain superiority in the space domain." But the Pentagon's restraint about publicizing the program's ambitions hasn't stopped observers from speculating ever since the program's first launch in April 2010. And no, it won't be chasing enemy spacecraft with laser cannons any time soon. The most common theories as to what the secret space plane could be up to are far more toned down. According to a 2016 report by Air & Space magazine, experts suggested it could be testing autonomous navigation systems for both launch and landing. The report also discussed the possibility of the 30-foot space plane being used to lower costs of launching heavier imaging satellites into space — a theory that could arguably use an update considering that the economics have shifted significantly in the spaceflight industry since then. But Occam's razor prevails — by far the most common theory about the X-37B is that it's simply a spy plane meant for testing future reconnaissance, surveillance and navigation technologies. The National Interest reported back in 2016 that the vehicle could move extremely fast, allowing it to rapidly shift orbit — an outrageous space maneuver that could allow it to "disappear" from imaging tech and confound adversaries, as Popular Mechanics reported earlier this year. Some much wilder theories include that the space plane could be used to swallow up enemy satellites in its cargo bay or bomb enemy targets from space. But plenty of experts have disputed these theories over the years. READ MORE: The Air Force’s secretive space plane returns after more than two years [Ars Technica] More on the program: Amateur Astronomer Spots US Air Force Space Plane Lurking in Orbit Share This Article 
Humans have made a mess of the Earth. International conflicts are the norm, groups with power continually exploit those without it, and don't even get us started on the damage we've inflicted on the environment. And if we don't take concrete action to prevent it, we're going to wreak the same havoc on space, astrobiologist Monica Vidaurri argues in a new Quartz essay. As Vidaurri points out, human exploration of space is relatively new. And thus far, it's been a largely collaborative and peaceful effort. The historic bad blood between the United States and Russia hasn't deterred the nations' scientists from working together on the International Space Station. Teams from China and Iran contribute tech to space endeavors in the U.S., which has worked with Japan, Australia, Canada, and countless other nations on various space initiatives. Even more surprising than humanity's willingness to cooperate in space is that fact that, aside from 1998's Intergovernmental Agreement on Space Station Cooperation, there are few rules or regulations guiding our space-based efforts. But as Vidaurri writes, we're starting to see the cracks emerge in that honor system approach as space becomes more heavily trafficked. In recent months, destroyed Chinese and Indian satellites have produced tons of space debris, while Israel's Beresheet lunar lander recently contaminated the Moon's surface with tardigrades after a crash landing. Back on Earth, astronomy research has been compromised by the light from SpaceX's newly launched Starlink satellite constellation, while the rights of native Hawaiians were pushed aside when an international team of astronomers decided it wanted to use their land as the site of a new telescope. And because we don't have any laws or policies in place to let us know how to deal with the above, the offending nations and companies might have been criticized for their actions, but they weren't actually held accountable — but we can make sure that's not the case in the future. "When it comes to an industry as young as space exploration," Vidaurri wrote, it's "important to recognize colonization, imperialism, and exploitation as not just a series of major historical events that humanity is still recovering from, but as things that can conceivably inspire the future laws that will determine our fate in space." "Refusing to make changes today," she later concluded, "will only guarantee that we continue to facilitate the ills of humanity in a field that fully has the potential to bring out the very best in us." READ MORE: Humans will ruin outer space just like they’ve ruined everything else [Quartz] More on space law: These Four Universities Are Trying to Figure out Space Law Share This Article 
Could a tiny planet, with weak gravity, harbor life? A team of scientists from Harvard University say they've found the smallest possible mass a planet could be before its lack of gravitational forces would cause it to lose its atmosphere and any liquid water. They found that the smallest possible planet that could maintain those life-enabling properties would be about 2.7 percent of the mass of Earth. That's a little more than twice the mass of the Moon and roughly half the mass of Mercury. An exoplanet is said to be in a star's habitable zone if it's at the right distance to be able to support liquid water. If it's too close, it would receive too much radiation from its sun, making it too hot. Too far, and it'd be too cold for liquid water. "When people think about the inner and outer edges of the habitable zone, they tend to only think about it spatially, meaning how close the planet is to the star," astronomer Constantin Arnscheidt, lead author of the paper describing the research, published in The Astrophysical Journal in August, told Astrobiology Magazine. "But actually, there are many other variables to habitability, including [a planet’s] mass." If exoplanets are big enough, the researchers found there's enough of a greenhouse effect to keep them at the right temperature, regardless of their positions inside the habitable zone. That's because the atmosphere of these relatively small planets would expand outwards thanks to relatively low gravity, which in turn would cause it to absorb more radiation from its star and thereby stabilize temperatures on its surface. Interestingly, the research would rule out tiny ice worlds in Jupiter's orbit — they'd be too small. These icy moons have had scientists excited about the possibility of life thanks to massive underground oceans. But the research suggests that there could be plenty of other places we haven't discovered yet that are just the right size. READ MORE: How small is the smallest habitable exoplanet? [EarthSky] More on exoplanets: This Rocky World With Three Suns May Have an Atmosphere Share This Article 
In September, a 48-year-old Amazon worker named Billy Foister suffered a heart attack in a warehouse outside Columbus, Ohio. A few days before, Foister had been reprimanded by a manager two minutes after placing an item into the wrong box. But according to a report from The Guardian, when Foister fell to the ground during the heart attack, it took 20 minutes for anyone in the facility to notice or call an ambulance. Foister died, and Amazon is now claiming he didn't die at work, and that it was a "personal medical issue" in an email to The Guardian. Shortly after he was taken to the hospital, "everyone was forced to go back to work. No time to decompress," an anonymous Amazon worker from the same shift told the newspaper. "Basically watch a man pass away and then get told to go back to work, everyone, and act like it's fine." Since November 2018, six Amazon workers have died, many more have suffered serious injuries, and there's been an increase in reported mental health issues. According to The Guardian, Foister’s death is the latest in a grim pattern of workplace safety issues at Amazon that have landed the company on a list of the country’s most dangerous employers. In April, the National Council for Occupational Safety and Health included Amazon on its most recent "Dirty Dozen" list, citing its high incidence of worker suicide attempts, overworked employees peeing in bottles to avoid punishment, and poor treatment of contract and temporary workers, which Amazon relies heavily on for all operations. The company made the 2018 list as well, and the Council argues nothing has improved since then. "The e-commerce giant posted $11.2 billion in profits in 2018 while paying no federal income tax," the report reads. "Despite these vast resources, there is little evidence the company has made a significant effort to address worker complaints about stress, overwork and other conditions which can lead to illness, injuries and even fatalities." It’s no secret that Amazon’s factory workers are often unhappy (despite those bizarre “Amazon Ambassadors” that popped up to defend the company on Twitter). Between 2013 and 2018, a Daily Beast investigation found that 911 was called to Amazon warehouses 189 times after reports of suicidal attempts and ideation. Amazon’s high productivity quotas forces workers to pee in bottles to avoid bathroom breaks and risk injury working with the automated machines and robots — one of which sent 24 workers to the hospital after spraying them with concentrated bear repellent — which are stripping away human jobs and leaving those who are left in danger. "There was no reason for my brother to have died," Billy's brother Edward Foister told The Guardian. "It seems Amazon values money way more than life. If they did their job right, I wouldn’t have had to bury my little brother." READ MORE: The outcry over deaths on Amazon's warehouse floor [The Guardian] Read more on Amazon: Amazon Used An AI to Automatically Fire Low-Productivity Workers Share This Article 
It's hot in the Middle Eastern nation of Qatar. Like, really hot. On summer nights, temperatures rarely dip below 32 degrees Celsius (that's 90 degrees Fahrenheit), and during the day they can soar upwards of 48 degrees Celsius (120 degrees Fahrenheit). In response, the nation has done something that sounds absurd: it's started to air condition its outdoor spaces — a "solution" which, ultimately, could exacerbate the sweltering heat. A fascinating story by The Washington Post dives deep into Qatar's temperature woes, noting how the extreme heat has put the health of the nation's residents at risk. In response, it has installed air conditioning units in its open-air sports stadiums, malls, and markets. "If you turn off air conditioners, it will be unbearable," Yousef al-Horr, founder of the sustainability-focused Gulf Organization for Research and Development, told WaPo. "You cannot function effectively." The air conditioners might work to temporarily cool Qatar's residents, but they're an environmental catch-22: the nation uses fossil fuels to generate the electricity needed to run the devices. Those fossil fuels, in turn, produce carbon emissions, which contribute to the global warming that's cooking its public spaces. While signatories of the Paris Agreement agreed to attempt to avoid letting temperatures rise to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels, Qatar has already exceeded that threshold — meaning the nation's current situation could foreshadow our future one. "Qatar is one of the fastest warming areas of the world, at least outside of the Arctic," Berkeley Earth climate data scientist Zeke Hausfather told WaPo. "Changes there can help give us a sense of what the rest of the world can expect if we do not take action to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions." READ MORE: Facing unbearable heat, Qatar has begun to air-condition the outdoors [The Washington Post] More on climate change: No Existing Policies Will Be Enough to Prevent a Future "Hothouse Earth" Share This Article 
Fashion has changed a lot over the last 50 years, especially when it comes to sneakers. It used to be that you only wore sneakers to exercise. If you wore them outside the gym, people might think you belonged to a 1950s New York City street gang. Today, however, sneakers are the default shoe of modern life. You wear them to the gym. You wear them to work. You wear them out on the weekends. In fact, pretty much the only time you don’t wear sneakers is when you’re on a construction site, or you’re doing some other work where your feet require the protection of steel toe shoes. But now even that’s changing thanks to the brilliant designers at Indestructible Shoes. As you could probably guess from the name, Indestructible Shoes specializes in footwear that can take a serious beating. They’ve created an entire line of shoes that combine the protection and durability of heavy-duty work boots — steel toes, skid-proof grips, shock-absorption technology, anti-puncture heels, electric shock insulation, and ultra-durable materials — with the style and comfort of sneakers. That means you can wear them from the job site to the bar, from the back yard to the company picnic, without anybody giving you the side-eye. Whether you work a job that requires serious protective footwear, or you’re just a weekend home reno warrior looking for shoes that combine fashion and durability, Indestructible Shoes may very well change your life. Indestructible Shoes come in a variety of styles and colors to suit just about any style, and right now they’re ALL 44 percent off the regular price. Below you’ll find just a few of their most popular options. The Ryder is was designed to be a stylish solution to the problem of sweaty feet. The upper is constructed from breathable flymesh, while the interior features a moisture-wicking mesh lining to maximize airflow and reduce odor. However, breathability isn’t all this shoe brings to the table. For convenience, the Ryder is easy to slip on and off with its no-tie lacing system. For comfort, it has an extremely flexible outsole and a padded shock-absorbing insole. And last but not least, for safety, it has European steel toes, a puncture-resistant sole made from military-grade kevlar, and shock-absorbing cushioning in the midsole. One of Indestructible Shoes’ newest styles, the Hummer features an upper constructed with a slightly thicker version of the breathable flymesh used for the Ryder. It also features the same moisture-wicking mesh lining found in the Ryder, plus all the same safety features—including European steel toes, flexible puncture-resistant soles, and shock-absorbing cushioning. So this shoe is both breathable and tough, just not quite as breathable as the Ryder. Also unlike the Ryder, the Hummer features a traditional lacing system, as well as an upgraded insole with extra padding in the heel and 3D arch support for maximum comfort. Last but not least is the CamoX, the ultimate year-round all-in-one shoe. The CamoX features an extremely flexible outsole and the same insole as the Hummer, with extra padding in the heel and 3D arch support. It also has the standard Indestructible Shoes safety features, like European steel toes, a puncture-resistant sole made from military-grade kevlar, and shock-absorbing cushioning in the midsole. What sets this shoe apart from other Indestructible Shoes is that it is 100 percent waterproof. That means you can work in any conditions or tackle any terrain knowing your feet and socks will stay dry and comfortable. If you’re looking for the perfect all-in-one shoe that can handle work, play, and everything in between, you need to take a look at Indestructible Shoes. And with 44 percent off all styles, you won’t find a better time to buy. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Though there isn’t currently enough research to make definitive scientific claims about the effects of CBD, some studies – and a ton of anecdotal evidence, indicate this non-psychoactive cannabinoid can be very effective in relieving pain, inflammation, insomnia, stress, and anxiety. The trick is figuring out the best way to get CBD into your system. While the majority of people take CBD orally, whether it’s a flavorless tincture or fruit-punch flavored gummies, recent research suggests topical products might actually give you more bang for your buck. That’s why a team of scientists, technicians, and entrepreneurs at a company called Boojum Life developed a new line of state-of-the-art CBD roll on body oils specifically designed to cross the dermal barrier and work more effectively. With CBD products of unknown origin and quality popping up everywhere, from corner stores to gas stations, Boojum Life was founded to provide consumers with pure, high-quality, lab-tested CBD products they can actually trust. Based in Heber City, Utah, all of Boojum’s hemp is sourced locally from family farms and independent growers who use pesticide-free, sustainable growing practices. Moreover, every product they sell undergoes three rounds of testing—once before the hemp is processed, once after it’s turned into a full-spectrum CBD oil, and once after the CBD oil is turned into the final product. According to at least one study, when it comes treating to skin, muscle, and joint issues, the anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects of CBD are significantly reduced when taken orally. Why? Because a biological process called “first pass metabolism” breaks down and weakens chemical compounds before they have a chance to reach systemic circulation. However, the same study says when you administer CBD transdermally—that is, when it gets absorbed into your system through your skin—you bypass first pass metabolism. That means more of the CBD actually gets into your system. Boojum Life specializes in topical CBD body oils. They currently have three different formulas to choose from, but all of them contain a full spectrum hemp oil containing dozens of terpenes, terpenoids, and cannabinoids that interact and synergize, maximizing their effects. Each ounce of Boojum body oil contains 1000mg of CBD that has been extracted using organic 200 proof cryo-ethanol in an FDA registered, cGMP facility. And they’re all formulated without formaldehyde, parabens, phthalates, propylene glycol, sulfates, or synthetic dyes. One of the most important ingredients in Boojum Life body oils is bisabolol, a terpene found in chamomile. In addition to nourishing damaged skin, Bisabolol also increases skin permeability, which makes it easier for CBD and the other therapeutic ingredients to cross the dermal barrier. Once past the dermal barrier, these therapeutic compounds interact with your body’s endocannabinoid neurotransmission system, activating cannabinoid receptors in muscles and other soft tissue to alleviate inflammation, pain, and other body stressors. If the oils are applied near arteries or pulse points, the ingredients can even make their way into the bloodstream for dispersal throughout the body. As we’ve already mentioned, Boojum makes three different body oil formulas: Uplift, Calm, and Relieve. Each is designed to have a specific soothing effect, though they all nourish the skin and contain the same broad spectrum hemp oil. Uplift was developed to evoke a sense of well-being and balance. It combines Boojum’s pure full-spectrum hemp oil with a unique blend of citrus, chamomile, clove, vanilla, and other warm spices that have been used as natural remedies for centuries. These fragrances and terpenes work together to elevate mood and benefit the body. Sweet orange, tangerine, and lemongrass help relax muscles, while ginger, vanilla, and other warm spices help produce a sense of wellbeing. Meanwhile, the terpenes and CBD in the broad spectrum hemp oil have anti-inflammatory, antiseptic, antioxidant, antifungal, antibacterial, pain-relieving, stress-reducing, and mood-enhancing properties. Calm was developed to combat stress and the overactive mind. It combines Boojum’s pure full-spectrum hemp oil with a relaxing, sweetly spiced blend of English lavender, nutmeg, Ceylon cinnamon, Roman chamomile, and hops. This formulation of fragrances and terpenes work together to soothe anxiety and stress. Lavender oil has been shown to help reduce skin irritation, blotchiness, and scarring. Hops, nutmeg, and chamomile all have mild sedative effects. And cinnamon is said to alleviate muscle aches and stiffness. Meanwhile, the terpenes and CBD in the broad spectrum hemp oil have anti-inflammatory, antiseptic, antioxidant, antifungal, antibacterial, pain-relieving, stress-reducing, and mood-enhancing properties. Relieve was developed to combat stress and soothe the fatigued body. It combines Boojum’s pure full-spectrum hemp oil with a soothing and invigorating mixture of mint, basil, sage, camphor, and eucalyptus. Peppermint and wintergreen have long been recommended for muscle and nerve pain, while camphor helps relieve for itchy or irritated skin. And as with Uplift and Calm, the terpenes and CBD in the broad spectrum hemp oil have anti-inflammatory, antiseptic, antioxidant, antifungal, antibacterial, pain-relieving, stress-reducing, and mood-enhancing properties. If you’re looking for a high-quality topical CBD product, you can’t go wrong with Boojum Life’s easy roll-on body oils. And for those who might be having a hard time deciding which one to get, why bother deciding at all? If you buy the complete set you save $45. So order now and start experiencing the full effects of CBD. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
Pop quiz: Which of the following paragraphs was said by U.S. President Donald Trump? No cheating with Google. Paragraph 1: I am going to win the 2020 election by a landslide, and we are not even there yet. We have just started. And you know what? We’re doing great. But we’re getting there. You know, they say that if Trump doesn’t run, it’s over. It’s over, folks. If he runs, they’re never gonna beat him. They’re never gonna — he’s got such great support. He’s done an incredible job for us. So we’ll see what happens, but I’m telling you, this is one of those things. Paragraph 2: When the radical Democrats get control, they will try to erase every single thing that we've achieved. Democrats want to raise your taxes. They want to impose socialism. That's what they're doing. They want to take away your Second Amendment. Take away your strong health care that we're making stronger and stronger every single day. By the way, nobody talks about, but we got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular aspect of Obamacare. The correct answer is the second paragraph, but if you got the question wrong, you aren't alone. In September, Salesforce Research unveiled CTRL, an AI-powered system capable of writing text in the same style as its training data. The team at Lawsuit.org, a blog focused on U.S. law, later decided to feed the AI text generator a diet of Trump speeches. They then challenged 1,000 people to tell the difference between paragraphs written by their "RoboTrump" model and things the president had actually said or written — and, in a surprise result, they guessed wrong 60 percent of the time. Let's be clear: most respondents would've gotten more answers correct if they'd just flipped a coin. But, intriguingly, the researchers also discovered demographic differences in how groups answered. Conservatives, for example, were more likely to believe the real Trump said something — and not RoboTrump — than respondents who identified as liberal. Younger people were also more likely than older participants to believe a paragraph was written by Trump. The researchers note that their volunteers may have scored so poorly on the quiz because "Trump's rambling style probably makes differentiating between real and fake more difficult than it would be for a more eloquent and talented speaker." Ouch. Thankfully, it seems the quiz did serve as something of a wake-up call for participants as to how convincing an AI text generator can be — after finding out their scores, 43 percent said they were "more concerned" about the tech's potential impact on the 2020 election than they were prior to taking the quiz. READ MORE: RoboTrump — An AI Trump From Your Nightmares [Lawsuit.org] More on text generation: AI Poised to Ruin Internet Using "Massive Tsunami" of Fake News Share This Article 
Dune is one of the best-selling science fiction novels of all time. It's spawned an underrated 80s movie starring Kyle MacLachlan, a popular TV miniseries, and an upcoming feature film remake starring Timothée Chalamet and a galaxy of other well-known stars. And if you’re a fan of strategy board games, you’re probably already aware that there is a killer Dune game that, unfortunately, has been out of print for years. However, Dune: A Game of Conquest, Diplomacy & Betrayal is now being re-released courtesy of the folks at Gale Force Nine. First released in 1979, Dune the board game is set in the universe created by the late Frank Herbert and lets players shape the destiny of their own “noble family, guild, or religious order on a barren planet which is the only source for the most valuable substance in the known universe.” The Dune game, which much like the 1984 feature film has been a cultishly adored item for decades, gives players the opportunity to do no less than replicate the unique world created by Herbert for his epic saga. The Dune board game has an intricate and involved gameplay process that’s just as detailed and rich as the novels it’s based on. It allows each player to represent the leader of their choice from six factions, all of which are jockeying to control melange, the mysterious spice that serves as a kind of universal MacGuffin within the Dune world. One Duke Leto Atredies describes melange like so: “All fades before melange. A handful of spice will buy a home on Tupile. It cannot be manufactured, it must be mined on Arrakis. It is unique and it has true geriatric properties.” The spice is also crucial to the all-important space travel in Dune’s reality, as its psychoactive properties give humans the mental endurance to survive hyperspace voyages without cracking up. The game lets you pick a character from the book, and wage war and politics to control as much of this precious spice as possible! The Dune board game is set to come out on October 25th, a little over a year in advance of the upcoming feature film remake scheduled for a 2020 release. But it’s in high demand, and over on Amazon, newly ordered copies of the game aren’t scheduled to ship until November 14th at the earliest. So if there’s a Spice monger in your life who you want to take care of for the holiday season, you better order now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Recent advances in our understanding of the human gut microbiome have shown the complex community of microorganisms that live in our digestive tract are linked to all sorts of common health issues. However, putting this newfound knowledge to use is a lot more complicated than TV doctors and natural health bloggers would have you believe. Luckily, the folks at Viome have taken some pretty advanced science and made it simple with their Gut Intelligence Test and easy-to-use app. Over the last 15 years, scientists have discovered that the complex community of symbiotic bacteria and other microorganisms that live in our digestive tract plays a huge role in our overall health. When your gut microbiome is out of balance, your body doesn’t absorb nutrients the way it should. This leads to inflammation, which affects almost every system in the body. Some studies have even linked gut health to specific diseases and conditions, including diabetes, obesity, irritable bowel syndrome, and colon cancer. Of course, if you pay attention to current trends in the health and wellness industry, you have probably heard that certain foods and drinks that are supposed to be good for your gut. However, the reality is, improving gut health isn’t as simple as eating lots of yogurt and fermented vegetables. Every gut microbiome is completely unique, so the specific foods and drinks that are best for somebody else’s gut aren’t necessarily going to be best for you. If you really want to optimize your diet to improve gut health, you have to start by taking a microbiome test. That’s where Viome comes in. A microbiome test is kind of like a DNA test, only instead of mapping out your genes, it maps out the organisms in your gut. What makes Viome’s test superior to others currently available is its proprietary microbe identification technology and advanced analytics engine. Viome is the only company in the world with access to proprietary tech called “advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing technology,” which was originally developed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory for national security purposes. This technology helps them identify and quantify all the strains and species of microorganisms in your gut. Then, after they map everything out, they run this data through an advanced AI algorithm, which uses a massive database of information to come up with personalized nutrition recommendations. Recent research has uncovered links between gut health and some of the health and wellness issues many of us struggle with every single day, such as weight management, sleep, and mental clarity, among other things. Viome’s gut intelligence test could provide the key to managing these issues. Weight Loss For years, people who struggle to lose weight have assumed weight issues were genetic. However, it turns out their problems might also be related to the gut microbiome. Today, scientists can analyze the composition of your gut microbiome and tell with 90-percent accuracy whether or not you are obese. They have also identified specific gut microbes that play a role in keeping obesity at bay. So if you have been struggling to lose weight, Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test could help you create a diet that feeds these obesity-busting microbes. Sleep There are a lot of factors that keep us from getting good sleep, including stress, anxiety, diet, and lack of exercise. For some people, however, gut imbalance could be the culprit. Researchers have discovered that there are several strains of bacteria in your gut that contribute to your body’s supply of melatonin, which is the hormone that regulates your sleep-wake cycle. Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test can help you nourish these strains to improve your body’s natural sleep regulatory system. Mental Clarity If you’ve ever been accused of thinking with your stomach, don’t worry. We all do. It turns out the microorganisms in our digestive tract play a major role in producing neurotransmitters, hormones, proteins, and other compounds necessary for sending signals to and from the brain. In other words, your gut can affect how you feel and think in a very tangible way. And Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test can help you figure out if there are any dietary changes that might actually improve your brain function. When you order the Gut Intelligence Test, Viome sends you an easy to use at-home kit to collect your sample. After you return your sample by mail, Viome uses its advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing technology to determine what microorganisms live in your gut, how active they are, and what specific nutrients and toxins they produce from the food you eat. Viome’s powerful AI then creates customized dietary recommendations based on a massive and continually growing database of information. These recommendations are designed to: In addition to these general dietary recommendations, you can also receive custom dietary recommendations based on specific health and wellness goals you select. And all results and recommendations are delivered via the Viome app on your mobile device, making them incredibly easy to put into action. Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test is the most scientifically advanced microbiome test on the market, and right now kits are 62-percent off the regular price. So if you’re ready to take the guesswork out of gut health, order your kit today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you're constantly in a foggy funk because you're just not getting enough rest, it might not only be due to a lack of quality sleep. Researchers have found that the quality sleep you're after actually occurs when you get into a good sleep routine. What does this mean? There's actually a lot of surprising benefits for going to sleep and waking up at the same time each day. One study even found that regulating your sleep routine so that you go to sleep and wake up in a regular patter diminished the time it took to fall asleep from 45 minutes to 9 minutes. That's because irregular sleep patterns cut down both the quality and quantity of sleep we get, overall. So if you're looking to improve the regularity of your sleep, look no further than WellWell. Their all-natural plant-based drinks will help you sleep and help you wake on a schedule that's right for you. In the world of sports drinks and wellness beverages, it's hard to find options that are both free of artificial ingredients and supported by scientific research. However, the founders of WellWell wanted to create drinks rooted in science that taste work and taste great. Frustrated by the pseudoscience being pimped in the wellness world, they worked hard to create products that they actually wanted to use that were also made with natural ingredients combined in recipes based on science. WellWell's drinks weren't created in a lab, but their effectiveness was proven in one. Because WellWell's founders love science and hate sugar water. They believe in real, wholesome food, and the power of great ingredients. They make functional beverages that function. If it’s in a WellWell bottle, it's proven to do what it says. With WellWell's Wake Drink, you can give your brain the kind of boost that will really get you going in the morning. But you can also say sayonara to all the gross side effects of coffee and energy drinks, like the jitters. Their Wake blend only has 4 grams of coconut sugar and features Lion's Mane Medicinal Mushrooms, Rhodiola, Bacopa Monnieri, Ginseng, and Green Tea Extract, so you can get an even-keeled boost to get you going in the morning. Plus, WellWell dialed in the adaptogenic blend to help you beat fatigue and stay focused. This way you can avoid the horror of an extreme energy spike and eventual crash. With WellWell's Wake drink, your inbox will be catching up to you, for once. Winding down for bed can be a drag, especially when you've been pumping your body full of unnatural products to amp your productivity. But if you're looking to regulate your sleep schedule and naturally establish a regular bedtime, WellWell's Dream (Vanilla Cardamon) Drink is just what the sleep doctor ordered. The people behind WellWell's Dream (Vanilla Cardamom) know that a great morning starts the night before, which is why it's essential to establish a topnotch sleep schedule. Luckily, you can dial-in your night routine with this plant-based adaptogen blend to help you wind down, and finally win at sleep. The Dream blend also has only 4 grams of sugar, no stevia or erythritol, and features Valerian Root, Ashwagandha, L-Theanine, and Magnesium + Vitamin B6 so your body can easily and naturally drift off to sleep at the same time each night. Simply take it 30 minutes before you want to be asleep, and presto. The magic of total sleep wellness will enter your life. So if you're looking to simplify the process of establishing a sleep schedule so you can improve your life, look no further than WellWell. Their adaptogen blends will have your body's circadian rhythm established, which will help you sleep and lead to a more productive day. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Privacy and security are two extremely rare commodities in the modern world of the internet. Most of us know it, but few of us do much about it, maybe because we assume it would be too much trouble or cost too much money to be able to use the internet with absolute certainty our browsing wasn’t being tracked by advertisers or other even less scrupulous parties. But now, you can get three years of privacy and security with a VPN from NordVPN for just $3.49 per month if you pay in advance. A VPN (or Virtual Private Network) acts as a kind of encrypted tunnel that keeps your internet activity between you, yourself, and you, inaccessible to any prying eyes or hackers. And NordVPN is one of the best in the game, recommended by publications like CNET and PC MAG, with an array of security features you can use at home and take with you wherever you go in the world, even if you’re using public WiFi. What kind of security features? With NordVPN, you’ll enjoy knowing that everything you do online is known to you and you alone, without even your Internet Service Provider able to access your data. That includes the people at NordVPN itself, which has a strict “no-log” policy that’s been certified by independent audit. As they put it: “We don’t track, collect, or share your private data. It’s none of our business.” Then there’s the “Automatic Kill Switch” which will automatically shut down your device’s connection to the internet if the VPN service is disrupted in any way. It’s the last bulletproof line of defense between your online data and whatever goblins might be trying to get at it. If you’re a world traveler, you’re probably already familiar with the pesky censorship and other restrictions that you can run into when you’re using the internet abroad. NordVPN acts as a handy way to circumvent censorship and other regional content restrictions no matter where you are geographically – and bandwidth limits become a thing of the past, as well. A single NordVPN account will provide security for not just one but up to six devices of your choice, anything from computers, tablets, and smartphones, to wireless routers -- pretty much everything you’re likely to use in your house, office, and wherever you go online. And naturally, every NordVPN account also comes with award-winning 24/7 customer service. A NordVPN account is a bargain at any price for any internet user concerned with online privacy, but you can save a lot of money by signing up for more coverage up front. There’s the basic monthly plan which costs $11.95 per month, the 1-year plan which costs $6.99 per month, and the 2-year plan which costs $4.99 per month. But if you want to save the most money with the most deeply discounted plan, you have to go with the 3-year plan, which costs just $3.49 a month – a discount of some 70 percent. So click here to head over to the official NordVPN site right now to get more information on the service and sign up now. It won’t be long until you wonder how you ever felt safe using the internet without it. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Major advancements in computer, information, and communication technologies over the last 20 years have changed our lives in innumerable ways. They’ve also brought about a rapid global economic shift, from an industrialized economy based on mass production, to a post-industrial economy based on information and digital computing technologies. As a result of this shift, future jobs will require cutting-edge expertise that a lot of people simply do not have. Luckily, a company called Coursera is making it easy and affordable for anybody to acquire the tech skills needed to succeed in the 21st century. Coursera is a revolutionary online learning platform founded by a pair of Stanford computer science professors in 2012. Their goal is to make the world’s best learning experiences available to anyone, anywhere. And to achieve that goal, they’ve partnered with top universities and companies to offer extremely affordable online courses, specializations, and professional certificates, as well as both bachelor’s and master’s degrees. If you’ve always wanted to take engineering at Stanford, or train as an IT consultant with Google, Coursera is for you. Coursera’s specialization programs are particularly useful for anyone looking to get up to speed on the technological innovations that will drive the future jobs of the 21st century economy. Each specialization focuses on a particular career skill and consists of a series of rigorous courses that you can complete at your own pace. Amazingly, anyone can audit and view all of these courses for free. However, when you actually enroll in a specialization, you get the full educational and career benefits of university-level instruction, including graded assignments, instructor and peer feedback, hands-on projects that help you demonstrate real-world mastery of a specific topic, and—most importantly—a course certificate that you can share with prospective employers and your professional network. Individual courses start at low at $39. However, if you’re not sure you’re ready to fully commit, they also offer a free 7-day trial. Are you looking for a new high tech career? Here’s just a small sample of the cutting-edge specialization programs Coursera has to offer. Data Science Specialization Data science is an interdisciplinary field that uses scientific methods, algorithms, and artificial intelligence systems to extract actionable knowledge and insights from massive quantities of data. The field has become increasingly vital in every industry over the past two decades, and Forbes recently declared “data scientist” the best job in America for the fourth year in a row. This 10-course specialization is offered by Johns Hopkins University and taught by a trio of professors with PhDs in biostatistics. It provides an introduction to the key tools and concepts of data science before moving on to more advanced topics, such as programming in the R programming language, acquiring and cleaning data, practical machine learning, and developing data products. Python for Everybody Specialization Python is one of the most important programming languages in the world. This five-course specialization is offered by the University of Michigan and taught by Professor Charles Severance of the School of Information. It introduces fundamental programming concepts including data structures, networked application program interfaces, and databases using the Python programming language. Then, for the final projects, students design and create their own applications for data retrieval, processing, and visualization. Game Design and Development Specialization The Game Design and Development Specialization is designed to give you the theoretical, technical, and business knowledge you need to break into the gaming industry. This five-course specialization is offered by Michigan State University and taught by two professors from their world-renowned Media and Information Department. Students will learn to develop a game concept; prototype, test, and expand on their ideas; and navigate licensing, marketing, and other business considerations—all from one of the best gaming programs in the country. Security in the Google Cloud Platforms Specialization Cyber security has been around for decades. However, cloud computing brings its own unique set of security challenges. This three-course specialization offered by Google itself gives students a broad foundation in the security controls and techniques essential for the Google Cloud Protocol, one of the most popular cloud protocols on the planet. Through recorded lectures, demonstrations, and hands-on labs, students will learn to build a secure GCP solution and mitigate vulnerabilities and combat all forms of attacks. Internet of Things Specialization The Internet of Things (IoT) refers to the interconnection of computing devices embedded in everyday objects via the internet. Examples of this include smart home systems, wireless security systems, various smart appliances, and digital home assistants, just to name a few. This six-course specialization is offered by the University of California San Diego and taught by two professors from their renowned Qualcomm Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology. It starts with a history of “smart” devices, giving students an understanding of how we got where we are. Then the specialization moves on to the development of new IoT products and services, including devices for sensing, actuation, processing, and communication. Again, this is just a small sample of the courses and specializations Coursera has to offer. So if you want to give yourself the skills needed for future jobs of the 21st century, visit their website and enroll today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's a wild, busy world. And you're just one busy person in it, moving about their life. Yeah: We get it. If only there were an easy way to get a quick-hit fix of the very latest, up-to-the-minute news on groundbreaking science and cutting-edge emergent technology. Only need-to-know information, all killer, no filler. And, let's say, it were as easy as getting it directly in your inbox, at a specific, regular time, each day. Well, we wanted it. So we made it. And now we're offering it to you. We'd like to introduce (or re-introduce) you to The Future Is, our newly-renovated daily email. In it, you'll find a precisely curated collection of each day's top stories and breaking science and technology headlines you should know about. And now, it's got a shiny, new, semigloss coat of paint on it. Consistent with the theme of our website, the color of each email corresponds to its category, you'll know the topic of our top story as soon as you start reading. Each day, you'll find a variety of hand-picked headlines. Only the biggest innovations changing the world of tomorrow, today, picked for you, by our editorial team. You'll get a flash brief of the top story of the day, a few of the big headlines of the day, a picture, maybe a gif, and each day, the key quote from the experts and innovators create our collective future, words that will shape everything to come after them. So? Either stay in the past, or have one eye (and inbox) looking towards the future. Subscribe here to start receiving your own daily copy of The Future Is, and join us as we find out just what that future will hold, together. It's gonna be fun.   Share This Article 
Human beings have been searching for the fountain of youth since the dawn of time, whether we’re talking about a literal fountain, or a figurative one. Unfortunately, as you probably know, no miraculous anti-aging fountain exists. We simply cannot stop aging—not with a pill, not with a cream, not with a serum, not even with an elixir. But here’s a big fat however for you. Though we cannot actually stop aging, thanks to modern science, and a revolutionary cellular health supplement called Basis, we can age better. Over the last quarter century, scientists have made a ton of progress in understanding how aging works on the cellular level. And the most significant thing they’ve discovered has to do with a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+. “NAD+ is the closest we’ve gotten to a fountain of youth,” according to the co-director of the Paul F. Glenn Center for the Biology of Aging at Harvard Medical School, a man by the name of David Sinclair. “It’s one of the most important molecules for life to exist, and without it, you’re dead in 30 seconds.” What is NAD+? It’s a coenzyme found in all living cells. It performs two basic jobs in the human body without which life would not be possible. First, NDA+ plays a key role in metabolism by helping to turn nutrients into energy. Second, it functions as a kind of helper molecule for proteins called sirtuins. Also known as “the longevity genes” or “guardians of the genome,” siruins are basically the CEOs of your cells. They protect your DNA and thus regulate the cellular aging process. However, sirtuins require NAD+ to work. And, for whatever reason, NAD+ levels in humans and all other organisms decline with age. But here's the good news. A 2017 study published in the journal Science found that boosting NAD+ levels in mice actually reversed the signs of aging in the tissue and muscles of older mice. In fact, the reversal was so drastic that researchers could no longer tell the difference between four-month-old mice and two-year-old mice. Though hardly conclusive, this study strongly suggests that boosting NAD+ levels in humans could have incredible health benefits. That’s where Basis comes in. Created by Elysium Health, Basis is a proprietary formulation of crystalline nicotinamide riboside and pterostilbene, which the human body converts into NAD+. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, it was demonstrated that, on average, Basis increases NAD+ levels by 40 percent. These elevated NAD+ levels won’t necessarily stop the aging process. But they will certainly maximize cellular health, boost energy, and support healthy sleep. This in turn should allow people who are in good health to maintain it longer, and thus age better. Founded by Dr. Leonard Guarente, who also directs the Glenn Center for Biology of Aging Research at MIT—and who also happens to be the person who discovered the connection between siruins and NAD+ in the first place—Elysium Health is not your typical health supplement company that creates inferior products based on pseudoscience. Eight different Nobel laureates sit on Elysium’s scientific advisory board. Their goal is to find a way to counteract the deterioration associated with aging using only the most exacting scientific methods. And they don't make any claims they cannot back up with cold hard facts. Basis anti-aging supplements are designed for long-term use by adults of all ages. Each bottle of Basis contains 60 caplets. Each caplet is vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, nut-free, and contains no artificial colors or flavors. They contain 250mg of crystalline nicotinamide riboside and 50mg of pterostilbene, which have no known side effects. Elysium recommends taking two capsules in the morning, with or without food. Thus, each bottle of Basis contains a 30-day supply. Science strongly suggests that NAD+ is the future of the anti-aging movement. However, you don’t actually have to wait for the future. You can boost the NAD+ in your system today with Basis from Elysium Health. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The Pentagon is trying build tech that would give soldiers the ability to control deadly military drones with their minds. "Working with drones and swarms of drones, operating at the speed of thought rather than through mechanical devices — those types of things are what these devices are really for," DARPA neuroscientist Al Emondi told MIT Tech Review. Emondi heads up DARPA's Next-Generation Nonsurgical Neurotechnology program, which the agency launched in March 2018 in the hopes of developing a brain-computer interface (BCI) that doesn't have to be surgically implanted. In May 2019, it awarded six teams of researchers across the U.S. funding to pursue that goal, with each approaching it from a different angle. A team at Carnegie Mellon University, for example, is testing whether electrical and ultrasound signals could support a non-invasive BCI, while a group out of Johns Hopkins University is exploring the viability of near-infrared light. The creation of a device that would allow soldiers to control drones with their minds raises all sorts of troubling questions. What happens if a soldier accidentally thinks a command, for example? Or an enemy gets their hands on one of the devices and wears it themselves? Those complicated "what ifs" aside, technology developed for the military often makes its way into civilian life eventually, and it's hard to overstate the potential impact of a military-grade non-invasive BCI on society. The average person could strap on the device, for example, and instantly gain the ability to control every internet-connected device in their lives — from their smartphone to their smart home — with just their thoughts. The health applications are even more exciting. With such a device, people with missing limbs or paralysis could control prosthetics or even full-body exoskeletons using just their minds — and all without undergoing surgery. Still, the first step is getting the technology to work, and while the six DARPA teams are making progress on that front, they still have a long way to go before they have a non-invasive BCI that's ready to be worn by anyone — soldier or civilian. READ MORE: The US military wants super-soldiers to control drones with their minds [MIT Tech Review] More on BCIs: Watch a Paralyzed Man "Walk" Using a Mind-Reading Exoskeleton Share This Article 
Online gaming communities are rife with toxic behavior — sign on to Xbox Live and it's a near-guarantee that you'll hear some of your fellow gamers hurling insults and slurs as readily as they lob grenades in "Call of Duty." "It's regular, every other game you're in, there's always someone who has a mic or types in chat," then-16-year-old gamer Bailey Mitchell told the BBC in 2017. "They'll call you some random abusive thing they can think of." In an effort to fight back against that toxicity, Microsoft announced Monday that it had begun rolling out new filters for Xbox Live designed to block out potentially offensive messages — and in a futuristic twist, the company is already trying to figure out how to do the same for voice messages. According to a Microsoft blog post, Xbox users will be able to choose between four levels of content filtration: Friendly, Medium, Mature, and Unfiltered. If the filtration system flags a message as being beyond the limits the player has set, it will replace the message with a placeholder reading "potentially offensive message hidden." The player can then click on the placeholder if they want to read the message anyway. But filtering text-based messages is just the first step. Microsoft Research is already trying to crack real-time speech-to-text translation — a technology that would allow it to transcribe a verbal conversation essentially as it takes place — and the company's Xbox division is already contemplating what that could mean for its online community. "What we’ve started to experiment with is 'Hey, if we’re real-time translating speech to text, and we’ve got these text filtering capabilities, what can we do in terms of blocking possible communications in a voice setting?'" Dave McCarthy, head of Microsoft’s Xbox operations, told The Verge. Rob Smith, a program manager on the Xbox Live engineering team, added that the "ultimate goal" would be a system that could "detect a bad phrase [in voice conversations] and beep it out for users who don’t want to see that." He compares it to broadcast TV, though television censors have the benefit of a seven-second delay to aid their filtration of offensive content — delaying voice communications between gamers for even a fraction of a second could dramatically impact game play. Still, it's easy to see how transcription technology is already moving in the direction Microsoft envisions, so while gaming communities might currently be cesspools of toxicity, that might not always be the case. "If we really are to realize our potential as an industry and have this wonderful medium come to everybody, there’s just no place for that," McCarthy told The Verge. READ MORE: Microsoft Unveils Xbox Content Filters to Stop the Swears and Toxicity [The Verge] More on Microsoft: Microsoft: We Stopped Listening to Your Xbox Convos "Months Ago" Share This Article 
Invite three or four friends over to your house and ask them if they’re getting enough sleep. Ask if they feel they’re eating right, or getting enough exercise, or operating at their peak mental performance. Chances are, most of the people in that room will agree that they have room for improvement. And one of the best ways to bring about such an improvement is through a nutritional supplement program. But how do you pick which program is right for you? With the Wellnicity Method, you don’t have to worry about making any complex decisions. Thanks to a battery of simple tests you can perform at home, your own body will tell you exactly what supplements it needs. After that, Wellnicity’s team of nutritionists will create the perfect regimen of supplements for your own body and wellness goals, patterned on the precise chemical imbalances and deficiencies that are causing whatever symptoms you’re feeling. Before you start taking supplements, the first step on Wellnicity’s road to wellness is to determine which of the company’s four neurotransmitter test kits, each of which can be easily administered in the privacy of your own home, is right for you. Here’s a breakdown of the four tests and the problem areas each one is designed to focus on. Chemical imbalances in the brain can cause hormonal imbalances in the adrenal glands, and vice versa, which can make it difficult to know which area to treat if you’re feeling over-stressed. This test claims to determine whether “your chemical messengers are no longer messaging or your stress response has stopped responding,” after which the Wellnicity Method will start providing relief. The most comprehensive Wellnicity test, which looks at not just neurotransmitters in your urine but for common stress hormones Cortisol and DHEA in your saliva as well. If memory and focus are your problem areas, this test will determine if chemicals in your brain are responsible for the problem, and not too much TV late at night. If it is, Wellnicity will help you improve your focus and your memory with a Focus & Memory Program personalized to your specific needs will help you remember your focus and focus your memory. There are some who think that a good night’s sleep is the most curative tonic there is, and if like most people you’re not getting enough of them there might be a chemical imbalance to blame. And anybody who’s ever shown up to work after pulling an all-nighter already knows how sleep and mood are connected. The results of this test and the accompanying Sleep & Mood Program from Wellnicity will get your sleep and your mood sorted out, perhaps as much for the sake of those around you as for yours. Like the Wellnicity Brain - Stress Test, this is more on the comprehensive side, focusing on a wide variety of symptoms, including stuff like anxiety and sleep disturbances. Poor brain balance can be caused by anything from poor diet, stress, or even genetic factors, but whatever the cause Wellnicity’s Brain Balance Program will help you repair the damage and restore that balance. You can get more detailed information on each of these four tests and the symptoms they cover at the official Wellnicity site right here. But each test comes with shipping, lab processing fees, customized lab reports, a clinician consultation, and all the necessary paperwork included in the price. And of course you don’t have to guess at which test would be best for you, since Wellnicity offers an online quiz that will direct you to the best one for you in minutes. So head over to Wellnicity and take the free quiz now. Better fitness and brain function may be yours sooner than you would have thought possible. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Commercial air travel is something of a necessary evil. Want to spend Christmas with your parents on the opposite coast? You'll need to spend hours in line at the airport first. Or maybe visiting the pyramids is on your bucket list? Might as well add "spend 15 hours squished between two strangers" to the list before you settle into your tiny middle seat. And those scenarios don't even take into account the cost of air travel on both your wallet and the environment. But now, Japan's biggest airline is hoping to reinvent travel — by removing airplanes from the equation and adding in telepresence robots. On Monday, at Tokyo's Combined Exhibition of Advanced Technologies, All Nippon Airways (ANA) unveiled newme, a robot that looks like an iPad on a stick placed upright on a Roomba. The idea is that newme could serve as an avatar for would-be travelers, giving them the ability to experience a destination without being physically present. Your parents could have a newme at their house, for example, and any time you wanted to visit, you'd just pop on a VR headset, take control of the bot, and video chat with Mom and Dad while rolling around their home. According to a press release, ANA plans to deploy 1,000 of its newme avatars by the summer of 2020, allowing users to experience sporting events from their homes or go shopping on the other side of the world. Eventually, ANA believes newme and the other avatars it's developing could allow people to "travel" to previously unreachable destinations — even the deep sea or a base on the Moon. The company also envisions non-recreational uses for its avatars. The bots could allow doctors to treat patients from the opposite side of the world, for example. They could also serve as workplace avatars for people incapable of leaving their homes due to a disability — a possibility ANA demonstrated during a 2018 partnership in which people with paralysis controlled robot waiters in a Japanese cafe "By placing the world at your fingertips, Avatars will open up new possibilities," ANA CEO Shinya Katanozaka said in the press release, "and help reshape everything from business and education to healthcare and entertainment." READ MORE: Your Next Vacation May Be Virtual [Bloomberg] More on avatars: People With Paralysis Control the Robot Waiters at This Cafe Share This Article 
On October 4, 2019, writers at the British tabloid The Daily Express published five separate articles about what they claimed were killer asteroids careening toward the Earth. At the Express, this seems fairly typical. It's rare for a day to go by without the newspaper warning, or heavily implying, that a deadly space rock is about to annihilate civilization. Between September 7 and October 8, for instance, we counted 87 Express articles about killer asteroids — which works out to an average of nearly three doomsday space posts per day. If these sensational headlines — our favorite might be "Asteroid warning: Deep impact predicted for 2069 claims Nostradamus prophecy expert" — are to be believed, Earth would be under a constant barrage of catastrophic asteroid hellfire. Which is strange, of course, because as far as we can tell, we're still alive. The explanation likely has more to do with the business model of online publishing than astrophysics: the paper has probably figured out that running thinly-sourced, out-of-context headlines about an imminent asteroid Armageddon gets clicks. Just look at their search engine-friendly URLs, which often include strings of terrifying keywords like "end-of-world" and "apocalypse" — or at Google News, where it's rare for a day to go by without one of the Express's killer asteroid stories being featured prominently in the science section. The result, unfortunately, is terrible science journalism. The standard practice at the tabloid seems to be to take a real news story and sensationalize it as much as possible without flat-out lying. Take an article about what the tabloid called an "asteroid swarm" of 16 space rocks "hurtling towards Earth." Scroll down several paragraphs — and past a few images of gigantic fireballs crashing into our planet — and you'll read that all 16 asteroids will safely sail by. Many of the Express's killer asteroid articles cover the exact same news — like these two, which were published within hours of each other — which makes it seem like dangerous space rocks are discovered several times per day. The tabloid also tends to publish dubious articles claiming that experts know exactly where asteroids will hit the Earth, and that an inevitable impact will kill billions. Remember that "Nostradamus 2069" article from earlier? The very first sentence reads as follows: "The asteroid will hit Earth in our lifetimes, triggering widespread tsunamis and a firestorm of destruction on a global scale." Readers have to scroll past similar nonsense and even more fireball pictures to learn that the Express is citing 16th-century poetry as evidence. And it's not until the last two paragraphs of the article that the Express dutifully reports that neither NASA nor the European Space Agency has detected a single asteroid or comet that poses even the slightest threat to Earth. For comparison, look at how a vastly more reputable news outlet, Space.com, handles asteroid flybys. In an October 1 article about four asteroids — all within the swarm of 16 mentioned in that Express article — passing nearby, Space.com immediately clarifies in the headline that there's no danger. The rest of the article properly contextualizes the distances from Earth at which each asteroid would travel, and also clarifies that when NASA classifies an asteroid as "potentially hazardous," it doesn't even mean that an impact is imminent or even likely. The bottom line is claiming that a world-ending impact is impending crosses all sorts of ethical boundaries. Readers with poor astronomy or media literacy — likely a large proportion of digital readership — face a bombardment of fear-mongering, inaccurate news being shotgun blasted at them like asteroids plunking into the Atlantic Ocean. The tabloid also uses sneaky rhetorical tricks. Many Express stories about allegedly deadly space rocks specify the speed at which an asteroid is traveling to make it seem particularly dangerous. Others mention that an asteroid is heading toward Earth just to pose the same clickbait question: "Will it hit?" Planetary annihilation spoiler: Nope! Is it possible that an asteroid someday smacks into Earth? Sure, and scientists are working on contingency plans like launching nuclear strikes — admittedly far-fetched — or finding ways to safely redirect their paths away from Earth. These are things that the public ought to know about and that science writers ought to communicate, but only in a way that focuses on the facts of the matter: that collisions are extremely unlikely, and that there's a big difference between an asteroid traveling "near Earth" and anything that actually poses a risk down on the ground. The Express, though, seems to have thrown out context in order to treat killer asteroids as bread and butter. Over the entire stretch of time that we examined, there were only four days that the Express didn't publish an article about a killer asteroid.  As of press time, the Express hasn't responded to Futurism's questions about its editorial standards as they pertain to killer asteroids. More on science journalism: Local newspapers are essential for saving us through science (which, of course, means they're dying right now) Share This Article 
Did you know that what you wear can directly influence how your brain works? It's true. According to a team of psychological scientists from California State University, Northridge and Columbia University, the clothes we wear directly influence the way our brains process abstract thinking. When you dress to look and feel good, you're actually activating the most creative part of your brain into flowing naturally, and who doesn't need that? And fortunately, it's now easier than ever to look and think better with a pair of Kinetic pants from Ministry of Supply. They're made from a high tech fabric that uses your own body heat to stay smooth and wrinkle free. Ministry of Supply understands the importance of feeling as good as you look. Because of this, they focus on the quality of their design to create products with high wearability and comfort. As a result, their Kinetic Pants look like work pants but feel like workout pants. They designed these pants to be the most flattering in your closet, with unlimited mobility. They're also water-resistant and are made using techniques that produce very little environmental impact. The Fabric Ministry of Supply's Kinetic Pants are made from Japanese Primeflex® polyester, a warp-knit fabric that has the feel and structure of a woven, and the breathability and stretch of a knit. It's also wrinkle-free and machine washable without having undergone any chemical treatments. Additionally, the resilient Japanese warp-knit Kinetic fabric gives unrivaled mobility, responds to your movements throughout the day, and always bounces back. This is because the Kinetic Pants are made with a highly-engineered fabric that combines both yarn technology as well as premium knitting techniques. This results in a stretchy fabric with great shape retention during the day, between washes, and for the life of the garment. Plus, its hydrophilic interior pulls moisture away from the body, resulting in a pant that is both water-repellent and moisture wicking. Next-Level Design Ministry Of Design uses next-level technology to achieve the perfect pair of work pants. Thanks to an attention to detail like no other, they've developed a fabric with a crisp structure and an un-restricting stretch, resulting in a pair of pants that fit each body as though it were designed specifically for that person. Not only that, their innovative approach to design is the perfect marriage of form and function. Additionally, the Japanese Primeflex® polyester fabric is specifically designed so your pants never wrinkle. This way you'll always look crisp and tidy thanks to the power of your own body heat, which releases and relaxes wrinkles within fifteen minutes. All this without the use of harmful, foul-smelling chemicals. Sustainability Most importantly, Ministry of Supply cares about the environment. That's why the company aims to reduce the environmental impact of fast fashion, which contributes to 14.3 million pounds of clothing being sent to the dump each year. They do this by seeking out manufacturing opportunities that keep their environmental footprint as small as possible. For example, 3D Print-Knit reduces waste by over 30-percent by eliminating cutting scraps. Ministry of Supply's goal is to produce durable garments that stand the test of time both physically and aesthetically. That way you're purchasing more than a pair of pants. You're also investing in your future. Consumers agree, The Kinetic Pants are a dead ringer for high-end designer pants, but so comfortable you could sleep in them. The only thing that rivals their unquestionable quality and fantastic design is how good they look in person. So why not simplify your life by ordering a pair of their Kinetic Pants, today? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We've spent decades and billions of dollars to answer one simple question: is there life on Mars? But according to an opinion piece for Scientific American by former NASA scientist Gilbert Levin, we may already have learned we're not alone in the universe during an experiment Levin led for NASA's Viking mission to Mars in 1976. NASA sent two separate Viking orbiter and lander pairs to the Red Planet to conduct experiments and return with snapshots — marking the first time the U.S. safely landed a spacecraft on the Red Planet and sent back photos. The smoking gun, according to Levin: the mission detected positive results during the Labeled Release life detection experiment, which he spearheaded. As part of the experiment, the lander mixed a Martian soil sample with a nitrogen-based nutrient solution that was "labeled" with a unique radioactive carbon compound. The theory was that if microorganisms in the soil metabolized the nutrients, it would let off radioactive carbon dioxide gas. Levin recounts how "amazingly" the initial results of the experiment were positive for microorganisms — and corroborated by both separate Mars landers some 4,000 miles apart. And Levin is adamant: thousands of reliable tests with Earth-based soil and microbial cultures conducted at the time, he argues, support the results. But still, there's a big snag with his results: further experiments "provided no clear evidence for the presence of living microorganisms in soil near the landing sites," as NASA puts it. Levin supports his conclusion with evidence obtained after NASA's Viking missions, including the evidence of surface water, methane, ammonia, and even "wormlike features" appearing in images taken by NASA's Curiosity rover. But NASA has continued to drag its feet, in Levin's eyes. He argues that in NASA's long history of exploring Mars, it has failed — since the 1976 missions — to search for direct evidence of life, despite the search being "among its highest priorities." Rather than send soil samples all the way back to Earth — something that NASA's Mars 2020 rover will attempt to do — Levin thinks scientists should expand on the outcomes of his 1970s experiments and conduct further similar tests. But before that happens, he'll have to convince NASA that his experiment's evidence for life on Mars is valid. READ MORE: I'm Convinced We Found Evidence of Life on Mars in the 1970s [Scientific American] Share This Article 
October is ADHD Awareness month. And if you’re one of the millions of Americans who rely on prescription stimulants like Adderall to boost concentration, alertness, and energy, but you’re worried about possible long term damage the drug might be doing to your brain, here’s some very good news. A new company called Recoop has created the world’s first science-based supplement system specifically designed to counteract Adderall side effects as well as the unwanted effects of other common prescription stimulants. According to a 2018 survey conducted by the American Journal of Psychiatry, at least 16 million Americans over the age of 18 use prescription stimulants such as Adderall. That includes an estimated 25 to 50 percent of college students. So if you're one of the millions of people with an Adderall prescription, it’s important to understand that the drug often comes with some serious unwanted baggage. Adderall side effects may include anxiety, irritability, and insomnia, just to name a few. For a long time, doctors tried to counteract Adderall side effects by prescribing benzodiazepines. This is a class of prescription depressants that has sedative, anti-anxiety, and muscle relaxant properties – the most famous example of which is diazepam, or Valium. However, new laws created in response to the ongoing opioid crisis limit doctors’ ability to prescribe stimulants alongside benzodiazepines. Of course, even if doctors could still prescribe benzodiazepines alongside prescription stimulants, that wouldn’t completely eliminate the danger. Recent studies have shown that long term Adderall use can result in neurotoxicity, which is when a chemical substance damages the structure or function of the central and/or peripheral nervous system. Specifically, the excess levels of dopamine triggered by the amphetamines in Adderall can cause neuron damage as the brain actually strips itself of dopamine receptors in order to restore balance. Which is very bad. Unfortunately, for most people who use them, giving up prescription stimulants like Adderall is not an option. That’s why Recoop set out to eliminate their side effects. And after extensive research, their team of scientists and researchers came up with two different formulas—one to control the side effects of stimulants throughout the day, and another to deactivate those stimulants at night. As its name suggests, Recoop Balance is designed to balance out the effects of stimulants, claiming to give you all the focus without the anxiety. Two caplets in the morning before you take any stimulants have been shown to improve impulse control, combat irritability, lift mood, and boost productivity. So what, exactly, is in Recoop Balance? Here’s a rundown of the key ingredients: Curcumin for Detoxification Curcumin, which is found in the spice tumeric, has been used in India for medicinal purposes for thousands of years. It contains natural polyphenol compounds called curcuminoids that have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and neuroprotective properties. Recent evidence also suggests that curcumin can increase cognitive performance and enhance neurogenesis. Curcumin is used in Recoop Balance for detoxification and neurogenesis. Vitimin B for Cognitive Function Elevated levels of the homocysteine serum can result in the loss of cognitive function, as well as various cardiovascular problems. Studies have also shown that coffee consumption raises homocysteine levels. Luckily, Vitamin B helps prevent loss of cognitive function by reducing levels of homocysteine. Vitamin B is used in Recoop Balance to promote DNA regeneration, regulate mood, and build healthy brain cells. Ashwagandha for Stress Relief Ashwagandha is an herb used in Ayurveda, a traditional Indian medicine. But recent scientific studies have found that it may fight anxiety by reducing cortisol levels. Cortisol is your body’s main stress hormone. Produced by the adrenal glands, it interacts with parts of your brain to control mood, motivation, and fear. Ashwagandha is used in Recoop Balance to reduce stress, improve focus, and reduce cravings. L-Theanine for Focus L-theanine is an amino acid found in green tea that is structurally similar to glutamate, another amino acid that helps transmit nerve impulses to the brain. L-theanine has long been known to improve focus and attention, and actually has a synergistic effect with stimulants such as caffeine. We now know this is because it modulates inhibitory neurotransmitters, selective serotonin, and dopamine to bring about anxiolytic and calming effects. L-theanine is used in Recoop Balance for deep concentration, reduced stress, and stimulant enhancement. Coenzyme Q10 for Organ Function Coenzyme Q10 is a molecule found in mitochondria that plays a critical role in producing energy for the body. It is also a powerful antioxidant that has a well-documented impact on cardiovascular health. Coenzyme Q10 is used in Recoop Balance to reduce headaches, detoxify, and promote heart health. Whereas Recoop Balance is designed to balance the effects of stimulants so you can stay focused and productive throughout the day, Recoop Recovery is designed to flush stimulants from your system so you can fall into a deep regenerative sleep and wake up feeling more refreshed. Two caplets 30 minutes before bed can help your body and your brain repair itself overnight so you are 100-percent ready to take on the next day. Some of the key ingredients in Recoop Balance are also found in Recoop Recovery. Turns out a calm mind is good for work and relaxation. Vitamin C for Cleansing Vitamin C, or L-ascorbic acid, is a water-soluble essential vitamin found in citrus fruits. Well known for its antioxidant properties and immunity benefits, Vitamin C sequesters free radicals in the body, which helps promote blood flow and neurogenesis. Vitamin C is used in Recoop Recovery to trigger the natural elimination of stimulants from the system and provide immune support. Magnesium to Reduce Tolerance Magnesium is an essential mineral that serves as a cofactor in the biochemical reactions performed by enzymes. These include converting food into energy, creating and repairing DNA, and regulating neurotransmitters. Magnesium is used in Recoop Recovery for heart health, neuroprotection, and to reset the body’s neural pathways on a cellular level. NALT to Lift Mood NALT is a form of L-Tyrosine, an amino acid that is used to produce noradrenaline and dopamine. Research shows that taking tyrosine reduces anxiety and improves cognitive function during stressful conditions. NALT is used in Recoop Recovery to boost dopamine levels and reduce anxiety. L-Theanine to Cause Restfulness The same calming effects of L-theanine that help you stay focused during the day also help you relax at night, once stimulants are out of your system. That’s why L-theanine is used in Recoop Recovery to reduce anxiety, melt away stress, and improve sleep quality. Melatonin to Regulate Sleep Rhythms Melatonin is a neurohormone secreted by the pineal gland that tells your brain when it’s time to power down for the night. Light—including the kind emitted from the cell phone that’s almost always a foot away from your face—suppresses melatonin production, interfering with your natural circadian rhythm. That’s why Melatonin is used in Recoop Recovery to promote natural sleep patterns by telling your brain it’s time for bed. Recoop Balance and Recoop Recovery were designed to be taken together, and Recoop maintains that this is the best way to combat the side effects of stimulants. However, you don’t have to take them together, and if you’re going to take just one, Recoop recommends the Balance formula. So if you’re worried about Adderall side effects or those caused by other common stimulants, click here to give the Recoop supplement system a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Lately, robots are being used by hospitals to perform a multitude of tasks — from delivering medicine to patients, to working alongside surgeons and assisting them in complex and delicate procedures. Because of their precision and inability to feel weariness that may cause muscle tremors, robots are perfect assistants to surgeons in carrying out such meticulous jobs in the operating room.  As robotic surgery continues to grow, experts predict that, within the period of five years, robots will dominate the operating rooms in the United States. In fact, they could be conducting one of every three surgeries. Intuitive Surgical Inc., the leading robotics market for surgical applications, is the manufacturer of the da Vinci Surgical System, the first telerobotic system that was cleared by the Food and Drug Administration in 2000 for human use. Check out its ability to surgically stitch a grape, as shown below.  As you could imagine, these robots don’t come cheap. A single robot costs approximately $ 1.5 million. Despite its high cost (and not to mention, the ongoing maintenance expenses), most top U.S. hospitals have invested in a da Vinci Surgical System. But there are cheaper choices out there. Johnson & Johnson (J&J) and Alphabet Inc. have partnered to form Verb Surgical Inc. to come up with smaller and cheaper robotic-assisted systems for surgery. Gary Pruden, global chairman of J&J’s medical devices group, says, “our goal is to have a lower-cost product, with the smallest footprint, with greater capability, that helps to raise the standard of care.” Share This Article 
A quasiparticle is a concept of a state or phenomena that occurs in many-body systems or solid-state materials — like when an electron moves through a solid and polarizes its environment, generating a "polarization cloud" that moves together with the electron. This "dressed electron" is a quasiparticle also known as a polaron. Scientists have been struggling to actually observe and measure quasiparticles. "The nonequilibrium dynamics of many-body quantum systems are tricky to study experimentally or theoretically," according to a study published in Science by a team of theoretical physicists led by Rudolf Grimm. "These processes last only attoseconds, which makes a time-resolved observation of their formation extremely difficult," Grimm explains. An attosecond is one-quintillionth of a second — that's very fast. The researchers were able to create an environment that slowed the process down a bit, enabling them to observe the birth of an actual quasiparticle called a Fermi polaron (essentially, potassium atoms embedded in a lithium cloud). To do so, they created an ultracold quantum gas, made up of lithium atoms and a small sample of potassium atoms in the middle, using laser trapping techniques inside a vacuum chamber. Then, they applied magnetic fields to tune particle interactions that formed the Fermi polaron. Now that a quasiparticle has been observed in real time, the next step is to actually measure it. That remains to be a challenge. However, this development is a step towards making actual quantum processors, a feat that continues to elude many quantum computation researchers. "We developed a new method for observing the 'birth' of a polaron virtually in real time," says Grimm. Looking into the future, he says: "This may turn out to be a very interesting approach to better understand the quantum physical properties of ultrafast electronic devices." This major breakthrough in physics could lead to huge leaps in quantum computing and ultra-fast electronics. Share This Article 
Nuclear fusion is not a pipe dream. It’s a proven process that occurs naturally everyday in nature (just look up at the sky during the day, you’ll see a fusion reactor right there in the form of the Sun). It could mean an almost limitless supply of clean energy, and we’re nearly there. Fusion power is the reaction by which nucleosynthesis transmutes (changes) atomic nuclei, normally hydrogen atoms, by smashing them together to form a new nucleus, which releases energy. This is made possible in fusing stars thanks to the high gravity. The same can be accomplished on Earth by using magnetic fields to constrict extremely high temperature plasma (really high temperature, like, millions of degrees). Scientific communities have been honing the process for years and have actually accomplished real, clean fusion reactions...but only for abysmally short periods of time. In 2013, the EAST tokamak reactor gave a sustained fusion reaction of about 30 seconds, which is a huge step forward considering that reactions up to that point had been measured in mere milliseconds. The following is everything that you need to know about nuclear fusion, its problems and perils, and how it could utterly transform our world. Since the necessary temperatures that cause a sustainable reaction are so high, the material that’s used to contain the reaction would normally melt. The alternative, which is the generally accepted method of containing a fusion reaction, is to use magnetic fields to constrict the resulting plasma, thus keeping the plasma a fair distance away from the reactor’s internal walls – however, this presents problems in and of itself. Euro-Fusion explains the process: "By setting up magnetic field lines toroidally around the interior of the tokamak, the ions and electrons in the plasma are forced to travel tightly around these field lines, preventing them from escaping the vessel. Extra fields help shape the plasma and hold it stable within the tokamak interior. The magnetic fields are generated by coils which surround the tokamak vessel." However, the technology used to create powerful magnetic fields is simply not yet advanced enough, although we are very close to accomplishing it. In short, the process of nuclear fission is breaking atoms apart; the process of nuclear fusion is sticking atoms together. Fission reactors, the ones typically found operating on power grids today, use uranium 235 bombarded by high speed neutrons, breaking apart the uranium atoms and releasing energy that’s then harnessed in the form of heat. The problem with this process is that the resulting fission products, the most notable of which are gamma emissions, are dangerous—they cause cancer in small amounts and can be outright lethal if a large enough dose is received. In addition to the harmful radiation emitted from a fission reaction, the resulting nuclear waste remains radioactive, in practical terms, forever. Chernobyl Proper, for example, will not be habitable for about 20,000 years, although the Chernobyl exclusion zone might be habitable sometime within the next 200 years. Fusion reactors, on the other hand, while they do produce radioactive waste, its radioactive half-life is far shorter lived, and is initially much less dangerous than fission by products by far. In fact, the primary byproducts of fusion are helium, neutrinos, and heat; helium is harmless in terms of you and me, as it is an inert gas; heat is captured and used as the motive device for powering steam generators; neutrino emissions are easily countered with shielding and under normal circumstances aren’t found in high enough concentration to irradiate the surrounding environment. The most commonly accepted types of fuel used to power a fusion reaction are deuterium, tritium, helium-3 or boron-11. These elements are used in comparatively small amounts, and deuterium can be extracted from plain seawater. The Sun at the center of our solar system is so massive, and the elements inside it are crushed under so much pressure (caused by the Sun’s tremendous gravity well), that hydrogen atoms combine to create helium, releasing heat, light, and other types of radiation that both sustain and afflict Earth. We will probably never have Sun-like fusion on Earth due to our inability to create the powerful artificial gravity wells required, but we can constrict and pressurize similar reactions, producing roughly the same result. A neutron star is an example of a formerly fusing star that has burned all of its fuel and likely gone nova, leaving behind a collapsed kernel of degenerate matter. While this type of star is far smaller in physical dimensions than its former self, the degenerate matter itself is extremely dense, weighing in at about 5000 tons per teaspoon. The environmental impact of fusion alone (or lack thereof) is more than enough to research and perfect this technology. Fusion has the potential to make inexpensive electricity far more readily available and ultimately cheaper to operate in terms of raw materials, waste disposal, and manpower. Imagine a pocket fusion reactor transported on the back of a semi truck to remote areas and plugged into the local power grid. Think this can be done safely or quickly with a nuclear reactor? Nope. Commercially, fusion power will be able to be operated more safely, with less waste emissions and material, more efficiently than current methods of producing power, at lower cost per megawatt and higher energy output. Potentially, the only end result you and I might see is a change in our power bills, probably for the better – but keep in mind that, since fusion energy isn’t quite available yet, we really have no idea what the end cost is going to be. I personally suspect that we’ll initially see zero change in our power bills, but over time the regularly inflating cost of buying power will become steadier, more predictable and less severe. Consider that fusion energy is not reliant upon fossil fuels, wind speeds or solar exposure as are the current methods of energy production; this means that the material required to operate a tokamak reactor are more dependable than our steadily decreasing supply of oil and coal. While the same can be said of fission reactors, the cost is higher, the safety is lower, and waste disposal is more problematic (as outlined above). Commercially, big corporations would initially hold the monopoly on practical fusion power. After all, it’s the corporations that are mostly funding fusion research, even on the academic level, although the U.S. government isn’t entirely divested. But competition should keep costs down. Fusion may spell the death of renewable energy sources such as wind, solar and kinetic tide power production. Helium balloons to become more prolific? I hope so. Space travel will become cheaper and faster. A trip to Mars could take one month, instead of the current 6 months. Future generations will actually have something for which to thank us. Some notable and promising fusion projects: Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed are solely those of the author. They do not necessarily represent the views of Futurism or its affiliates. Share This Article 
The Hyperloop's story is going full circle, returning to the man who first encouraged the idea: Elon Musk. Four years after releasing the white paper that started the modern Hyperloop frenzy, the entrepreneur and innovator has confirmed that his Boring Company is working on their own version of the high-speed transport system. This is a bit of a surprise as for four years, the CEO had been encouraging others to pursue the technology through various initiatives. These included a competition run by SpaceX, which previously noted on their website that they won't be developing a Hyperloop themselves — a message that disappeared this year. The news isn't entirely unexpected, though, as clues that Musk was working on a Hyperloop have been surfacing recently. The first was the Boring Company's website, which stated that the electric skates that would run through their tunnels could easily be transformed to support a Hyperloop by adding a vacuum shell. Then Musk announced via Twitter in July that he'd received "verbal permission" for a DC to New York Hyperloop. Now, both Bloomberg and WIRED say they've received confirmation from sources close to Musk that he plans to pursue a Boring Company Hyperloop. "At the Boring Company, we plan to build low cost, fast-to-dig tunnels that will house new high-speed transportation systems," a Boring Company spokesperson told WIRED. "Most will be standard pressurized tunnels with electric skates going 125+ mph. For long distance routes in straight lines, such as NY to DC, it will make sense to use pressurized pods in a depressurized tunnel to allow speeds up to approximately 600+ mph (aka Hyperloop)." Thanks to Musk, who first spoke about the Hyperloop back in 2012, a number of companies both in the U.S. and abroad have spent the past several years working to build Hyperloop systems. Notable among these is Hyperloop One, which is already testing their system in Nevada and has plans to build an entire Hyperloop network in Dubai. Others are planning to bring these futuristic transportation pods to Europe and Asia. All these efforts have received considerable attention and financial support thanks in part to Musk's encouragement. Now, some are anxious that the Boring Company CEO might snuff out the competition. “You would at least have wanted Musk to say, ‘OK guys, how can we do this together?’ or ‘How can I help?’, rather than saying ‘Hey, I’m just gonna do it, thank you for making this known worldwide even more than it was before and showing the progress and making sure that people believe in it,’” Dirk Ahlborn, Hyperloop Transportation Technologies' CEO, told WIRED. Perhaps Musk found that other Hyperloop plans weren't moving fast enough. “He said at the time [he released his white paper] that he would only seek to commercialize Hyperloop if after a few years other companies were not moving quickly enough,” a Boring Company spokesperson said in a statement, according to WIRED. “While we’re encouraged that others are making some progress, we would like to accelerate the development of this technology as fast as possible.” Brogan BamBrogan, founder of Hyperloop company Arrivo, believes the move could spark industry-wide progress. “The industry can’t get built by any one company, and to have a heavyweight like Elon put his hat in the ring says a lot of good things," he told WIRED. "It validates the market and the idea that the tech can create some real value for people.” One thing is for sure. With Musk officially in the Hyperloop game, the futuristic transport may see commercial use sooner rather than later. Share This Article 
Pigs are one of the smartest animals on Earth, right up there with elephants, crows, and dolphins. But while scientists have caught all three of the latter types of animals using tools — a hallmark of advanced intelligence — they'd never seen pigs exhibit the same behavior. Until now, that is, as a team of scientists has released the first known video of pigs using tools. The ecologist behind the video, Meredith Root-Bernstein, told National Geographic she was watching a family of Visayan warty pigs at a zoo in Paris when she noticed one the animals picking up a piece of bark in its mouth and using the wood to dig around in the soil. "I said, 'Whoa, that’s pretty cool,'" she recalled to National Geographic. "When I looked up tool use in pigs, there was nothing." That visit became the first of many for Root-Bernstein and her colleagues over the next few years. During that time, they saw three pigs using tools to help them build their nests, activity the researchers detailed in a September paper published in the journal Mammalian Biology. Root-Bernstein's team may be the first to record tool usage in pigs, but she told National Geographic she suspects that wild pigs may use tools as well — we've just never noticed because the animals are rarely studied. Now that scientists have caught this one species of pig using tools, however, researchers might be more compelled to hunt for similar activity amongst other species of pig. Either way, though, Root-Bernstein seems pleased to have been involved in the discovery that pigs have evolved to use tools — just like humans did millions of years ago. “It brings us closer to animals," she told National Geographic, "and helps us realize it’s all connected." READ MORE: Pigs recorded using tools for the first time [National Geographic] More on tool usage: Cambridge Scientists: We Shouldn’t Define Intelligence According to Humanity Share This Article 
Everyone knows that it's important to unwind at the end of a busy day. Unfortunately, way too many people do it by staring at their phones for hours on end while the latest reality show streams in the background. If that sounds like you, maybe it’s time to consider taking up a new hobby that's a bit more intellectually stimulating. And if you're the type of person who is interested in science and technology, there's no better hobby than Creation Crate, a STEM-based subscription box service that lets you build cool gadgets using an Arduino kit. An Arduino kit from Creation Crate will teach you about electronics and coding literacy in a fun and engaging way, and provides a foundational understanding of how it all works. Every month, they send you a new project that entails building hardware and programming software using the Arduino platform. Each Arduino kit is slightly harder than the last, so you can build on the skills you’ve already learned. And everything you need comes in the kit, including an Uno R3 Arduino board, written instructions, and a password that gives you access to Creation Crate’s online tutorials. Why would you want a hobby that teaches coding? The real question is why wouldn’t you. Not only is coding is an essential skill for many 21st century jobs, but learning how to code has also been shown to teach and reinforce a number of valuable life skills and educational habits, including problem solving, creativity, empathy, and resilience. Creation Crate’s curriculum currently consists of 18 different projects, all of which have been reviewed and certified by STEM.org. These projects include things like: Whether you’re a coding expert or a tech illiterate, each Arduino kit from Creation Crate is designed for anybody who wants to build cool gadgets. Creation Crate is also perfect for families. While the recommended age is officially 12 and up for someone working alone, younger children can still take on many of the projects with proper guidance from an adult. The price of each Arduino kit is $29.99. However, once you get started, you’re not going to want to stop. And the good news is that you can earn free bonus items when you subscribe and pre-pay for three, six, or twelve months’ worth of kits. These bonus items are not essential for any of the projects, but they make cool additions, and allow you to further customize your gadgets. So if you’re looking for a new hobby that’s both fun and enriching, click here to take a look at Creation Crate, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Fake meat is having a huge moment right now. With massive financial gains, brands like Beyond Meat and Impossible Foods are creating an entirely new — and thriving — market. But not everybody is on board with veggie burgers that aren't entirely "veggie," as Vox reports, with critics arguing that fake meat is unhealthy and goes against the idea of consuming "whole," GMO-free foods. CEOs of major corporations including Whole Foods and Chipotle have dismissed the plant-based meats as far too processed — a valid criticism considering how companies produce the meatless products flooding the markets right now. “I don’t think eating highly processed foods is healthy," Whole Foods CEO John Mackey told CNBC in August. "I think people thrive on eating whole foods. As for health, I will not endorse that, and that is about as big of criticism that I will do in public.” It's arguably too early to tell if Beyond Meat and Impossible Foods' products do negatively affect our health. Some argue they're healthier because they let consumers avoid the cancer risks associated with red meat and provide a comparable substitute for people sensitive to the growth hormones and antibiotics fed to cattle. However, that didn't stop one critic, registered dietitian Alissa Rumsey, from telling CNBC in July that plant-based burgers "are not necessarily healthier than beef burgers." So, the big question remains: do the pros of fake meat outweigh the cons? There is a second criticism, backed up by many years of scientific research, that could sway your answer: factory farming is terrible for the environment. Substituting animal-based products with more sustainable ingredients, such as fake meat, could mean we use far fewer natural resources and emit much less CO2, according to experts. Though growing rapidly, the fake meat industry is still far from mainstream — it represents less than one percent of the U.S. meat industry — and if it ever hopes to capture the market, it will have to address these health concerns, substantiated and unsubstantiated. READ MORE: Meatless meat is becoming mainstream — and it’s sparking a backlash [Vox]  More on fake meat: KFC Sold All of Its Meatless “Chicken” in Five Hours Share This Article 
Roughly 3.5 million years ago, the sky turned into a massive flare of bubbling gas shining out of the galaxy's center — a true spectacle for the early ancestors of modern humans. And there's a chance we could catch the next event with our own eyes. The explosion, also known as a Fermi bubble, was essentially our galaxy discharging a huge quantity of nuclear energy, including deadly ionizing radiation emanating from the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way. And according to a new study published on the preprint site arXiv, the epic event took place about 3.5 million years ago. The discovery is redefining how we've come to understand our galaxy — which has been far more active than we thought. Astronomers have been observing much smaller "burps" of the center of the galaxy for decades, but never something quite this violent. "It's an amazing thought that, when cave people walked the Earth, if they'd looked off in the direction of the galactic center, they'd have seen some kind of giant ball of heated gas," lead author and director of the Sydney Institute for Astronomy at the University of Sydney Bland-Hawthorn said in a video about the study. It must've been an extraordinary spectacle. "The flare must have been a bit like a lighthouse beam," Professor Bland-Hawthorn told Astro 3D. "Imagine darkness, and then someone switches on a lighthouse beacon for a brief period of time." And you didn't have to blink: the researchers estimate it could've lasted for some 300,000 years — an eternity to humans, but a short blip in galactic terms. To find out when the explosion occurred, the researchers used data collected by the Hubble Space Telescope. The discovery could give us insight into the formation of celestial bodies. "We do think that [these events affect] how stars develop in the long-term evolution of our galaxy, but we just don't know exactly how," Bland-Hawthorn told ABC. And it might happen again. "Everyone says give it time, it will explode again," Bland-Hawthorn added. "It's the same with this galactic centre, give it time and it will blow up again." READ MORE: Early Earthlings May Have Watched the Galaxy's Center Explode 3.5 Million Years Ago [Live Science] More on the milky way: Milky Way's Giant Black Hole Lets out Two Giant, Radioactive Burps Share This Article 
On Thursday, California Governor Gavin Newsom signed two new pieces of legislation designed to crack down on deepfakes, the AI-manipulated videos turning up online in alarming numbers. The first, Assembly Bill 602, gives victims of pornographic deepfakes — by far the most common type on the internet — the right to sue the video's creators. The other, Assembly Bill 730, takes aim at a far less prevalent but potentially more dangerous type of deepfake — ones featuring politicians — but it might not do enough to actually address the root of the problem. With the signing of AB 730, it's now illegal for anyone in California to distribute a photo, audio, or video deepfake of a political candidate within 60 days of an election. Specifically, the law applies to the distribution of content designed to "injure the candidate’s reputation or to deceive a voter into voting for or against the candidate." AB 730 does not apply to satire or parody videos, or to deepfakes that include a disclaimer noting that they've been manipulated — notable distinctions that could ensure the bill doesn't run afoul of the First Amendment right to free speech. According to the Associated Press, Democratic Assemblyman Marc Berman introduced AB 730 in response to a viral video manipulated to make U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi appear drunk — a video President Donald Trump's personal attorney Rudy Giuliani subsequently shared on Twitter. So, using that clip as an example, Pelosi could seek damages from the creator and disseminator of the video if they posted it online within 60 days of an election in which she was running. However, she couldn't take a parody YouTube account to court if it shared a similar clip depicting her as drunk — no matter how close to an election. Unfortunately, the bill might not do much to actually address the problem of these deepfakes affecting elections. Many of them are posted anonymously, and while The Daily Beast did manage to track down the likely creator of the Pelosi video, it wasn't until long after the deepfake had already spread across the internet. So, yeah, this new bill may hold creators of political deepfakes accountable for their actions — assuming they can be tracked down and only after a potentially lengthy legal process — and maybe that'll be enough to discourage some from creating the videos. But it does nothing to stop the deepfakes from hitting the web in the first place — and once uploaded, each clip is just a series of shares away from spreading election-influencing misinformation far and wide. READ MORE: California bans 'deep fakes' video, audio close to elections [Associated Press] More on deepfakes: Study: Porn Accounts for 96 Percent of Deepfakes Online Share This Article 
Technological advancement often brings disruption and democratization. It replaces the old with the new and facilitates the rapid expansion of access to specialized tools and information that previously had been the purview of a select few. And nowhere is this more true in the 21st century than the financial services industry. The first big wave came when online trading platforms like E-Trade democratized stock market investing. Now, newer fintech startups like PeerStreet are using crowdfunding technology to revolutionize the world of real estate investing. How? In the past, if you wanted to borrow a large sum of money to start a business or buy a house, your only option was to go to a bank and apply for a loan. Thus, only banks had access to highly profitable debt investments. And, obviously, they had no interest in letting anybody else have a share of that pie. However, in reality banks are just middlemen. They make a profit by loaning out the money they get from everyday people. Now companies like PeerStreet are using technology to remove the middlemen. And it's a pretty huge deal. PeerStreet is a peer-to-peer real estate investing platform that uses technology popularized by sites like Kickstarter and GoFundMe to create a revolutionary new microlending system. It’s crowdfunding for mortgages that breaks standard real estate loans into smaller pieces that individuals can purchase. Investors get to earn 10-percent or more on their investments, and borrowers get the money they need to buy a house or run a business. By doing this, PeerStreet connects investors with borrowers in a way never before possible, busting the centuries-old monopoly on real estate-backed debt investments that banks have enjoyed. The entire process is guided by high-tech data analytics. PeerStreet shops for loans from reputable private lenders across the United States. Then they use their own proprietary AI analytics engine to evaluate each loan and curate a pool of safe, high-quality real estate debt investments. PeerStreet then sells pieces of these loans to its investors. Of course, curating a pool of loans is only the beginning. PeerStreet also uses award-winning Automated Investing technology to take the guesswork out of building investment portfolios. With PeerStreet’s Automated Investing, all you have to do is select your investment criteria, such as interest rate or loan term, and you will be notified when loans that meet your criteria become available. Unfortunately, because peer-to-peer investing is relatively new, right now the PeerStreet platform is only available to accredited investors. According to current SEC regulation, “accredited investors” are individuals with a net worth greater than $1 million or an annual income greater than $200,000. Luckily, if you don’t fit into that category, there’s reason to hope things might change soon. Back in 2015 the SEC officially opened up the crowdfunding marketplace to non-accredited investors. There are still strict rules in place that limit the amount you can invest per year to either $2,000 or 5% of your yearly income or net worth, whichever is greater. But that’s way better than nothing. And it means PeerStreet’s revolutionary automated investing tech might one day be available to everyone. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
World renowned Harvard professor and anti-aging expert David Sinclair was recently on the Joe Rogan Podcast. For over 2 hours, he discussed some of the keys to maximizing the human lifespan. We’ve condensed his advice into five things you can do right now to battle the aging process with information that is current, researched, and powerful. So if you've interested in learning how to maximize your chances to live longer, take a look at the information below.  First off, Sinclair confirms that if you aren’t supplementing your diet with with research-backed anti-aging supplements, you could be shaving years off your life. But with so many choices – from polyphenols like resveratrol, to a whole host of NAD+ boosters – which option is right for you? While Sinclair did not endorse any specific products, one popular option is Eternus. Some anti-aging products have an ingredient or two intended to help you live longer. But Eternus contains one of the most complete formulas for full spectrum anti-aging benefits. It is made by Neurohacker Collective, the cutting-edge California formulators known for comprehensive supplementation. Eternus has 36 premium ingredients designed to work together to support cellular energy. A decline in cellular energy is what leads to virtually all the symptoms we call “aging.” Within days of beginning Eternus, most users report experiencing a noticeable boost in vitality, energy, and mental clarity. And best of all, it comes with a 100-day moneyback guarantee. So CLICK HERE to try Eternus and enter coupon code FUTURISM for 15% off your first order. Did you know that you can now easily find out how fast you are aging with a great deal of accuracy? We all age at different rates, so how do you know how old your “30” is compared to the next person? Sinclair believes the best diagnostic tool available today is Horvath’s Clock, an epigenetic analysis developed by UCLA professor Steve Horvath in 2013. If you're interested, a company currently offering this assessment is Zymo Research. It might not be the most comfortable item on this list, but Sinclair is a believer in the value of heat/cold therapies, and for good reason. From the anti-aging effects of sauna to the anti-inflammatory effects of cold plunge pools, careful temperature modulation of the body has real, diverse benefits that can potentially slow certain aspects of aging and aid longevity. Remember when three square meals a day was considered the obvious path to optimized health? Get with the times! Sinclair endorses intermittent fasting, and it turns out, so does a growing body of evidence on its anti-aging benefits. If you have the self-discipline to do it, the benefits can be life-changing, and life-extending. Our bodies produce over 220 billion new cells each day, and the average cell will divide over 50 to 70 times. But as old cells eventually lose their capacity to divide, which is known as cellular senescence, our bodies slowly build up accumulations of these senescent or “zombie” cells, which can increase our risk for everything from cancer to arthritis. Senolytics (literally translated as “senescence-destroying”) are small molecules which may be able to target these zombie cells and flush them from our bodies, drastically decreasing aspects of the aging process. Sinclair cites Unity Biotechnology as a company developing products on the leading edge of this approach, and Sinclair himself stated he’s developing an organization which will be debuting senolytic therapies in the near future. So stay abreast of this emerging line of products, because they may have big effects on upping your chances to live longer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.  Share This Article 
If you’re a parent or educator, you already know how important it is to introduce children to basic STEM concepts as early as possible. Not only does a STEM kids education prepare our children for the kinds of jobs they’ll have in our new information-based and highly technological society, but it also instills valuable life skills like ingenuity, problem-solving, experimentation, resilience, teamwork, and knowledge application. Unfortunately, getting kids ages 5 to 8 to sit down and learn about anything can be pretty tricky. Getting them to sit down and learn about science, technology, engineering, and mathematics can be downright impossible if you don’t find a way to make the subject matter fun and engaging. Luckily, there’s an independent publishing house called Gil Harp Books that specializes in children’s picture books that do just that. And their latest offering, The Blocks Come Out at Night, is already receiving huge praise forward-thinking parents and educators around the country. Written by Javier Garay and illustrated by Keenan Hopson, The Blocks Come Out at Night is the first book in a new series aimed at introducing basic science and engineering concepts to children in grades K to 3. In it, Samantha and her brother Roger wake up one morning to discover that their building blocks have come alive, and that they’ve secretly traveled to Paris in order to study the City of Light’s most famous structures and recreate them in the children’s bedroom. Before long, Lloyd the Block and his friend Sonia are teaching Samantha and Roger all about the properties of various materials, the strength of shapes, thermal expansion, not to mention geography, language, culture, and art. Then, at the very end, there’s a fun engineering experiment that encourages kids to test their theoretical knowledge and learn things for themselves. Books are usually the best way to introduce new ideas to young children. The Blocks Come Out at Night is no exception. It uses fast-paced and engaging storytelling to teach kids cool facts and instill a broader appreciation for imagination and creativity. It also demonstrates that STEM and non-STEM subjects can be taught together in perfect harmony. So far, The Blocks Come Out at Night has received nothing but praise: “My children, ages 5 and 3, loved the book. Both the content and the characters captured their attention. My wife and I even learned a thing or two along the way. I’d highly recommend this book for your children, especially if they’re budding builders like mine.” –Catherine M. “My students absolutely loved reading about Lloyd the Block and his adventure. I love how this book ties in geography, famous landmarks, math, science and more!! This is a great book to inspire STEM challenges and even includes one on the last page! Highly recommend this book for any classroom setting!” –Dena O. “Our bookshelf is filled with princess, fancy and superhero books. The Blocks Come Out At Night is a welcome addition. The kids are engaged in the story, learn about geography and engineering and have a (really) fun exercise using household items. There really should be more books like this. Thank you to the author (Javier Baez) for putting together a thoughtful book that parents and kids can both enjoy!” –Jeff “In a world of gimmicky STEM products, this book stands out for both its academic potential and relatability. Garay has a knack for presenting engineering topics in a way that is accessible to young children. His quirky character, Lloyd the Block keeps it light and inspires children to create on their own. Between that and the blocks' travel notes, there is something for everyone. My kids loved it and are looking forward to book #2.” –Blerg If you’re looking for a fun way to get kids interested in basic STEM concepts, something that will inspire creativity and wonder as well a pragmatic experimentation, order your copy of The Blocks Come Out at Night today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Let's get the obvious thing out of the way: If you've seen "Apocalypse Now" or read "Heart of Darkness" — or you're familiar with "2001: A Space Odyssey," "Solaris," "Interstellar," or even "Gravity" — then the sulky new Brad Pitt flick "Ad Astra" is going to feel pretty familiar. And that's fine. If it ain't broke, as they say, don't fix it. What is broke, by any reasonable definition of the term, is the interplanetary infrastructure in "Ad Astra." The film depicts a profound and relatable systemic failure. Humankind has gone off world, built an orbital economy, and then watched it slowly disintegrate, like your hometown after the factory closed. It's hard to say if this vision is plausible, but it's emotionally resonant. The movie keeps probing similar themes in different ways. Spoilers ahead: there's a Moon colony, sure, but it feels like a rundown airport, complete with escalators and an Applebee's. And outside the colony's gates, travelers are warned not to stray into disputed territories, where armed bandits attack visitors like a lunar version of "Mad Max." There's also a beautifully decrepit Mars base, which has the design sensibility of a stucco fast-food franchise — as well as a sense of even deeper abandonment than the Moon colony. It's underpopulated, dirty, and at one point, Pitt's character ambles past what appears to be a feral dog. Oh yeah, and then there's the doomed space habitat where animal research has gone so far off the rails that starving primates have developed a taste for human flesh. And an antique space station out by Neptune where the inhabitants met a terrible... well, let's not give everything away. This is all visually arresting, by the way. And the soundtrack is terrific. Maybe that's enough to excuse a thin plot, held together with daddy issues, that never quite lands. Like, "Ad Astra" is fine. But it feels like a fictional universe — fictional solar system? — that could serve as the setting for a far more interesting story. It's more compelling to imagine space as a crumbling strip mall than a gleaming, NASA-sanctioned temple. That idea's not totally original — James Cameron experimented with something similar in the first half hour of "Aliens" back in 1986 — but it's an intriguing vision of a future in which an orbital economy has boomed and then busted, leaving early adopters out to dry across the solar system. Maybe, if America's anything to go by, that'll be inevitable anywhere. Share This Article 
A popular argument levied by opponents of universal basic income (UBI) — an unconditional, periodic payment given to all members of a society — is that recipients will use the money on frivolous purchases. But the first data is finally trickling in from a UBI experiment in Stockton, California — and it seems most of the 125 people in the program used the $500 they received each month for food, utility bills, and clothing. A new Associated Press story breaks down the spending: recipients spent about 40 percent of the funds on food, 24 percent on sales and merchandise, and 11 percent on utility bills. They spent the remainder on car maintenance, medical expenses, insurance, education, self care, and even donations. One recipient, Zhona Everett, 48, told the AP that she and her husband — a truck driver — each earned barely $100 a day. Before the UBI program, they were struggling to make ends meet and were late on their bills — but after they began receiving the UBI, Everett set up automatic payments for the couple's monthly utilities, paid off some outstanding purchases, and even donated a bit of money to her church. “I think people should have more of an open mind about what the program is about and shouldn’t be so critical about it," she told the AP. Stockton Mayor Michael Tubbs is hopeful the new data will help "win over" skeptics of UBI — and potentially convince lawmakers to take the program nationwide. “In this country we have an issue with associating people who are struggling economically and people of color with vices like drug use, alcohol use, gambling," Tubbs told the AP. "I thought it was important to illustrate folks aren’t using this money for things like that. They are using it for literal necessities." READ MORE: $500 a month for free: Data shows how people spent the money [The Associated Press] Read more on UBI: Study: Universal Basic Income Won’t Make People Work Less Share This Article 
To ensure Google's latest face unlock feature would work on all types of faces, the company needed to train the system using — you guessed it — all types of faces. That's Machine Learning 101, right? But the way the megacorporation's contractors went about collecting that data was downright devious, according to a New York Daily News investigation, which noted that they targeted — and lied to — homeless people to get scans of their faces. To collect the face scans, Google hired the employment firm Randstad. Randstad, in turn, hired contractors that hit the streets in various U.S. cities armed with face-scanning phones and $5 gift cards for anyone willing to submit to a scan. Randstad supervisors instructed the contractors to "specifically" target homeless black people, one source told the Daily News, adding that the homeless people "didn’t know what was going on at all." Even worse: Randstad supervisors instructed contractors to go out of their way to conceal the purpose of the face scans. The Daily News' sources said they were told to frame the face scans as a "selfie game" or "mini-game." Supervisors also instructed them to rush their targets through the necessary consent agreements and to walk away from anyone who seemed "suspicious" about the collection. And if the person directly asked if the phone was taking a video? According to one source, contractors were instructed to just say, "Oh it’s not really." The underlying intention of this whole debacle — Google wanting to ensure its face-scanning tech wouldn't be biased — is actually a positive development in the field of artificial intelligence, which is currently rife with racist, sexist technology. But if the claims of the Daily News' sources are true, the tech giant needs to do a far better job of vetting the companies it hires to help it achieve that goal. READ MORE: Google using dubious tactics to target people with ‘darker skin’ in facial recognition project: sources [New York Daily News] More on biased AI: Microsoft Announces Tool to Catch Biased AI Because We Keep Making Biased AI Share This Article 
Do you find yourself struggling to stay focused while at school or work. Do you feel like you’re not reaching your full mental potential because you are fatigued or battling stress? If so, ALTA’s work-life nootropics and supplements could help. After all, we live at a time when people are willing to spend thousands of dollars a year on products to remove wrinkles, brighten teeth, and reduce belly fat. So if you’re into self care, why not take care of the most important part of your body: your brain. ALTA’s work-life nootropics and supplements can help you maximize your day by boosting your cognitive function for improved focus, creative, and memory while you’re at work or school. And when work is over, ALTA will help you turn off so you can fully enjoy your leisure time by allowing your brain to relax, and encouraging a restorative and vitalizing slumber so you can wake up ready to attack the next day. Are you trying to be your best self? Maybe you workout or try and eat right. Well, none of this matters if your brain isn’t functioning at its best. ALTA Focus has been formulated by industry leading scientists to foster the best environment your brain. It improves short and long term memory, focus, and motivation, while also increasing your energy levels to help you achieve your loftiest goals. ALTA Focus uses a combination of Magnesium for increased mental performance, Vitamin C to boost neurotransmitter production, Baco Monnieri for stronger memory and cognition, Green Tea Extract for increased alertness, and Huperzia Serrata for improved memory and brain functionality. Modern life is fast paced and full of stress. As a result, sometimes it’s hard to unplug, leave your worries at the door, and truly unwind. ALTA Mood uses a combination of high-quality, soothing herbal ingredients to help you quiet the noise in your head. Valerian and chamomile have been used for centuries to promote a calm and relaxation. The use of Lemon Balm to relieve anxiety and promote calmness can be traced back as far as 300 BC. ALTA Mood combines these time-tested herbal components with 5-HTP, a key component in serotonin, as well as Vitamin B3 and B6, to help you get the relaxation you desperately need.  The ALTA Focus + Mood Kit is a dynamic whole-life system for mental well-being. Crush your goals and stay mentally sharp with ALTA Focus, and then unwind and enhance your emotional and long term brain health with ALTA Mood. ALTA’s Focus + Mood kit makes it easier than ever to balance your life so you feel great and reach your full potential. And, all of ALTA’s supplements come in a BPA-free, flavorless capsule, and are Vegan, Gluten Free, and non-GMO. So if you’re ready to start giving your brain the self care it deserves, click here to learn more about ALTA supplements. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to a decade-long study by an international team of researchers, human CO2 emissions total 100 times more than the planet-warming effects of all volcanoes combined. The total amount emitted by volcanoes is only about 0.3 gigatons a year — a tiny fraction of the 37 gigatons humankind produced in 2018 alone. That means they're not nearly as big of a contributor to global emissions as some prevailing theories hold. "Climate skeptics really jump on volcanoes as a possible contender for top CO2 emissions but it's simply not the case," Marie Edmonds, Professor of Volcanology and Petrology at Queens' College, Cambridge, told told Agence France-Presse. In the distant past, there have been freak incidents on a similar scale to today's human CO2 output — and they were catastrophic. One such carbon event was the Chicxulub asteroid impact, 66 million years ago, which the scientists estimate to have released anywhere between 425 and 1,400 gigatons of CO2. But the impact of industrial civilization is now taking a comparable toll. "The amount of CO2 pumped into the atmosphere by [manmade] activity in the last 10-12 years[is equivalent] to the catastrophic change during these events we've seen in Earth's past," Edmonds told AFP. "We are on the same level of carbon catastrophe which is a bit sobering," Celina Suarez, Associate Professor of Geology at the University of Arkansas, added. The team of scientists released a series of papers as part of the so-called Deep Carbon Observatory, a global research program founded in 2009. Unfortunately, for the Earth to level out carbon dioxide in its atmosphere, it'll be a very long while. "It will rebalance itself, but not on a timescale that is of significance to humans," Suarez said. READ MORE: Humanity's emissions '100-times greater' than volcanoes [AFP] More on volcanoes: Research: Planting Trillions of Trees Could Cancel Out CO2 Emissions Share This Article 
The human gut microbiome is the complex ecosystem of microorganisms that live in your digestive tract, and over the past 15 years scientists have discovered that this ecosystem plays a huge role in our overall health and wellbeing. However, unlike a lot of pseudoscientific blogs would have you believe, improving gut health is not as simple as drinking kefir and eating probiotic yogurt. That's because everyone's microbiome is different. So if you really want to build a diet that promotes your gut health, you need to start by taking a microbiome test such as the Gut Intelligence Test from Viome. Why a microbiome test? Trying to improve gut health without taking a microbiome test is like putting together a professional sports team without a coach. Everyone knows the basic things you need to do to win a championship. However, it takes a good coach to analyze the actual players on the roster and develop a unique strategy suited to their strengths and weaknesses. Similarly, when it comes to gut health, everybody knows there are certain foods and drinks that are supposed to be good for your gut. However, like the roster of a pro sports team, every gut microbiome is completely unique. And unless you figure out the specific strengths and weakness of the players in your gut, you won’t be able to optimize your diet. That’s where the Gut Intelligence Test from Viome comes in. A microbiome test is like a DNA test, only instead of mapping out genes that are linked to specific health issues, a microbiome test maps out the organisms in your gut. What makes Viome’s test superior to others currently available is their proprietary microbe identification technology and their AI-driven analytics engine. Viome uses something called “advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing technology,” originally developed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory for national security purposes, to identify and quantify the strains and species of microorganisms in your gut. Then they run this data through an advanced AI algorithm that uses a massive database of information to come up with personalized nutrition recommendations. Recent research has revealed that the gut microbiome affects almost every system in the body, including the digestive system, immune system, and cardiovascular system. Scientists have also found links between gut health and some of the things many of us struggle with every day, such as weight management, sleep, and mental clarity, among others. Weight Loss After years of research, scientists can now analyze the composition of your unique gut microbiome and tell with 90-percent accuracy whether or not you are obese. They have also identified specific gut microbes that play a role in keeping obesity at bay. If you are trying to lose weight, a gut microbiome test can tell you what foods to eat to provide nutrients for these specific microbes. Sleep There are a lot of factors that keep us from getting quality sleep, from daily stress to cell phone addiction. For some people, however, gut imbalance could be the culprit. Scientists have recently discovered that several strains of bacteria in your gut contribute to your body’s supply of melatonin, which is the hormone that regulates your sleep-wake cycle. Helping these strains flourish could actually help you sleep better. Mental Clarity Ever been accused of thinking with your stomach? Don’t feel bad. It turns out we all do. Researchers have learned that the microorganisms in our digestive tract play a major role in producing neurotransmitters, hormones, proteins, and other compounds necessary for sending signals to and from the brain. In other words, your gut can affect how you feel and think in a very tangible way. Once you order the Gut Intelligence Test, Viome will send you an easy to use at-home kit to collect your sample. After you return your sample by mail, Viome analyzes it with the aforementioned microbe identification technology to determine what microorganisms live in your gut, how active they are, and what specific nutrients and toxins they produce from the food you eat. Viome’s powerful AI then creates customized dietary recommendations based on a massive and continually growing database of information. These recommendations are designed to increase microbial species associated with overall wellness; minimize microbial species associated with poor health; create the ideal ratio of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats for your diet; encourage foods that are most compatible with your metabolism; help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight; and increase your energy, focus and well-being.  Viome provides comprehensive status reports on topics like digestive efficiency, intestinal barrier health, metabolic fitness, inflammatory activity, and protein fermentation, helping you identify gut activity related to specific areas of concern. They can also provide custom dietary recommendations based on specific parameters you select, each of which comes with detailed explanations written in plain English. Best of all, results and recommendations are delivered via the Viome app on your mobile device, making them incredibly easy to put into action. If you’re ready to take the guesswork out of gut health and create a custom diet based on cutting edge science, you can't go wrong with the Gut Intelligence Test from Viome. And the best part is, right now the test is 62-percent off the regular price. So don’t wait. Order yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On paper, NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk should be the best of friends. Years of collaboration and hard work are about to pave the way for the long-awaited return of launching humans into space from American soil — but instead of chumming it up, the duo are at each others' throats. The trouble started when Bridenstine released a statement on Friday — a day before Musk took to the stage to present the latest Starship updates — to complain about the lack of progress on SpaceX's contract to deliver astronauts into orbit with its Commercial Crew project. The implication, whether intended or unintended: stop showing off Starship and deliver the NASA-contracted Commercial Crew. "I am looking forward to the SpaceX announcement tomorrow," read Bridenstine's statement. "In the meantime, Commercial Crew is years behind schedule. NASA expects to see the same level of enthusiasm focused on the investments of the American taxpayer. It's time to deliver." It was an unusual dig at SpaceX, which has been a close partner with NASA for years — so unusual that CNET even called Bridenstine a "party pooper with this troll job." SpaceX's Crew Dragon has made a decent amount of progress, making an uncrewed visit to the International Space Station in March and successfully completing an emergency escape system test earlier this month. But things didn't always go that smoothly. In April, a massive explosion of the Crew Dragon capsule during an engine fire test represented a major setback. "There is no doubt the schedule will change," Bridenstine said of the Crew Dragon project at the time, according to Reuters. "It won’t be what was originally planned." Demo-2, SpaceX's first crewed test flight to the ISS, is currently scheduled for no earlier than November, according to reports. The company has yet to announce a date officially. But the beef between Musk and Bridenstine wasn't over yet. Things escalated further during a CNN Business interview with Musk following his presentation on Saturday. When asked about Bridenstine's statement on Friday, he interrupted the question, shooting back "did he say Commercial Crew or SLS?" — likely a dig at NASA for going way over budget and running years late in developing its own Space Launch System (SLS) rocket. A NASA spokeperson told Futurism that the agency actively supports SpaceX in developing Starship. But Bridenstine's position and the exact reasoning behind his Friday statement remain unclear. "Bridenstine continues to emphasize that the return of launches of American astronauts, on American rockets and spacecraft, from American soil should be the top priority for NASA’s commercial crew partners," the spokesperson said. "SpaceX has leveraged NASA’s expertise and test facilities for aerodynamic modeling and testing of Starship." Plenty of questions remain unanswered about the strange back-and-forth. Besides, why did Bridenstine release his statement in the first place? Senior Space Editor at Ars Technica Eric Berger, a close industry observer, suggested it was simply a "reflection of [Bridenstine's] desire to see all NASA contractors meet their deadlines for government contracts" according to a Friday tweet that Bridenstine himself later retweeted. "Jim would happily embrace commercial space more, but his hands are to some extent tied by the Senate," Berger followed up on Twitter. NASA's relationship with the current administration has been on a steady decline this year. The White House has approved some extra funds for NASA's Artemis mission to the Moon in 2024 — but also claimed that the space agency was in no way ready to return American astronauts to the Moon. NASA has stuck to its guns, with Bridenstine asking for an additional $1.6 billion in funding for Artemis back in May. Months later, Bridenstine is still lobbying for extra funds — likely a great source of frustration for the NASA administrator. So far, the Senate has approved only $1.2 million for all of NASA's exploration programs and only $744 million of the $1 billion NASA requested specifically for human lunar landers. Meanwhile, NASA's Commercial Crew Program is making progress — albeit slowly. NASA astronauts have been trying on SpaceX's sleek new flight suits for size, and testing emergency escape systems at the Kennedy Space Center. The Bridenstine-Musk tiff shows that there's at least some tension between the private and public space industries — one is building a shiny stainless steel rocket to get to Mars, while the other is stuck lobbying Congress for taxpayer money. This story has been updated with a comment from a NASA spokesperson. READ MORE: NASA's Bridenstine gives SpaceX a reality check [The Hill] More on Bridenstine: Pluto Is a Planet, Insists NASA Chief Jim Bridenstine Share This Article 
Russia is about to start testing the "Belgorod," a nuclear submarine that will be the largest in the world — and capable of launching six thermonuclear warheads. When the Belgorod was first reported back in 2017, it was expected that the vessel would undergo research missions, according to The Barents Observer. Instead, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced last month that the submarine will carry six deep-sea Poseidon drones — each of which, terrifyingly, can shuttle a nuclear missile across the ocean deep under the surface. Last month, the Russian military posted a video of the submarine Sarov launching a Poseidon drone, though The Barents Observer reports that it's unknown exactly where the test took place. The Belgorod will first be deployed before summer 2019, according to Russian media, after which it will undergo a year's worth of tests to enter active duty in 2020. Meanwhile, a second submarine dubbed "Khabarovsk" will begin tests in 2020 with the goal of being target ready by 2022. The Poseidon drone can travel a full kilometer beneath water level, making it difficult to detect and stop once its deployed. And that level of stealth — especially when it's tipped with a deadly nuclear bomb — has other nations concerned. "It is worrying that countries are developing new nuclear capabilities," Ine Eriksen Søreide, Foreign Minister of Norway, told The Barents Observer. READ MORE: Russia's most secret sub soon to be launched with this terrifying weapon [The Barents Observer] More on nuclear weapons: US Report Confirms Russia Is Developing the World’s Most Powerful Nuclear Weapon Share This Article 
Solar energy has always been a good idea in theory, but for a long time it was difficult to make this theory a reality. For most people the initial solar cost was simply too expensive. And even for people who had the money, the solar energy marketplace was so complicated that they wouldn’t even know where to start. Luckily, over the last 10 years, that’s all started to change. Not only is solar energy more financially feasible than ever, but there are also solar energy companies that specialize in guiding consumers through the process. In fact, for some companies, such as UnderstandSolar, guiding consumers through the solar energy marketplace is all they do. UnderstandSolar is a third-party solar power advocate. That means they don’t sell or install solar energy systems. Their job is to educate consumers and make it easier for them to make the switch to solar energy. Period. If you’re new to solar energy, UnderstandSolar will teach you everything you need to know. They’ll teach you how solar energy systems work, how they connect to the public grid, how much solar panels cost, and how long solar panels last. They’ll also give you an overview of all the equipment you need, all the financing and leasing options available, and how the 2019 solar tax credit works. When you’re ready to take the next step, UnderstandSolar will then provide you with a personalized solar energy assessment. All you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. After that, an UnderstandSolar expert will contact you via phone and go over your assessment and any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. It may turn out that solar energy isn’t right for you at all. If that’s the case, your UnderstandSolar representative will explain why. However, you might also discover that you actually stand to lose money in the long run if you don’t go solar. The average cost of installing solar energy systems has dropped a whopping 70 percent over the last decade thanks to lower equipment costs, lower installation costs, and government incentives like the federal solar tax credit. And naturally, as the startup costs have gone down, solar energy systems have become a substantially better long-term investment. Though the exact long-term value of a solar energy investment will depend on where you live and how much direct sunlight your property gets, generally speaking homes with solar energy systems sell faster and for higher prices than homes without solar energy systems. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1% to the value of the average home, with higher rates occurring in major urban areas. Another study found that buyers are generally willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another study concluded that, assuming your house gets enough light, you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar installed. When you factor in the projected long term electricity rate hikes, over the course of 20 years an investment in solar energy can easily outperform traditional investments in the stock market. But if all that sounds complicated, don’t worry. YourUnderstand Solar representative will crunch the numbers and help you understand if solar is a good fit for you. Then they’ll lay out all your options, and if you wish to proceed they’ll help you arrange in-home estimates with experienced installers in your area. Are you ready to find out if the dream of solar energy can become a reality for you? Don’t wait until the 2019 solar tax credit expires. Click here to get your free report from UnderstandSolar right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
What do you imagine the first settlers on Mars will look like? Maybe they'll be the best and brightest our world has to offer: people from countries around the world with multiple degrees and decades of training in astrophysics. Or maybe the first Earthlings on Mars will be a bunch of germy microbes. A paper published last month in the journal FEMS Microbiology Ecology argues that the "primary colonists" of the Red Planet should be "microorganisms" — the bacteria, viruses, and fungi that support many of life's processes here on Earth. Jose Lopez, a professor at Nova Southeastern University and one of the authors of the paper, proposes an approach to planetary colonization that begins with a plan on studying microbes that could support life in extraterrestrial environments. "Life as we know it cannot exist without beneficial microorganisms," he said in a press release. "To survive on a barren (and as far as all voyages to date tell us) sterile planets, we will have to take beneficial microbes with us." Let's be clear: the paper jettisons the strict no-contamination guidelines that NASA and all space programs have closely adhered to for decades — policies that exist for good reason. When it comes to equipment being sent off to space, typically everything is carefully sterilized and protected from germs and contaminants, just like a hospital prepping its scalpels for surgery, because we can't afford to corrupt the untouched environments we're trying to learn more from. But Lopez and colleagues argue that introducing helpful microbes could actually kickstart the process of terraforming Mars and sustaining life on the harsh Red planet. "Microbial introduction should not be considered accidental but inevitable,” reads the paper. "We hypothesize the near impossibility of exploring new planets without carrying and/or delivering any microbial travelers." On Earth, microorganisms are critical to many of the processes that sustain life, such as decomposition and digestion — and even Earth's climate. The paper argues that the best microbes for the job might be extremophiles — organisms that are hypertolerant of the most extreme environments, and even thrive in them, like tardigrades. Mars enthusiasts ready to pack their bags and move to "Planet B" shouldn't hold their breath, though. There’s still much research to be done before we being lobbing germs at the Red Planet. Biology could go haywire on Mars, where organisms would be exposed to excessive radiation, and human colonists would likely evolve at alarming rates to cope with the harsh environment. Much of the paper is arguing for a change in attitude toward microbes in space, viewing them as beneficial versus dangerous. But researchers still don't know which microbes would help rather than hurt efforts to terraform Mars. The paper argues that everyone from Elon Musk to Jeff Bezos to NASA needs to make a "provocative paradigm shift" in our policies for space colonization. "This will take time to prepare, discern," Lopez said. "We are not advocating a rush to inoculate, but only after rigorous, systematic research on earth." The decision whether or not to even introduce microbes in the first place depends on our end goal: if our mission is to colonize and terraform Mars — that's Elon Musk's plan, if you're keeping score — then Lopez says we shouldn’t be scared to introduce helpful microorganisms that can help to begin forming the foundation of biological life. After all, the first colonists of our own home planet weren’t humans, amphibians, or even plants; Earth's primary inhabitants for many years were single-celled microorganisms. And they did a good enough job, didn’t they? READ MORE: Inevitable future: space colonization beyond Earth with microbes first [FEMS Microbiology Ecology] More on terraforming Mars: Evolutionary Biologist: Mars Colonists Will Mutate Really Fast Share This Article 
If you're reading this, chances are your phone number has already fallen into the wrong hands. As a result, you're probably already being subjected to annoying phone calls and text messages. But if you’re sick of being bothered by people who want to sell you stuff and/or rip you off over the phone, there is a way for you to make them stop. And it’s a lot more efficient than begging them to remove your number from their lists. It’s called Uncall. It's a robocall blocker, a sales call solution, and a spam text filter all rolled into one powerful service. And for as little as $10 per device, you can stop telemarketers and scammers from reaching you once and for all. To be clear, that's not a monthly charge. For $10 per device, you get lifetime support from Uncall for five or more numbers. And if you only need service for between one and four numbers, it’s still a bargain at $15 per device. Basically, Uncall works like this. After you submit your number to the service for a free “rough analysis,” you can decide whether to pull the trigger on purchasing lifetime coverage. If you move forward, Uncall systematically takes your number out of the hands of telemarketers and scammers. They use methods which have been proven effective in dealing with not just the relatively legitimate telemarketing firms out there, but less reputable “dark web” parties, as well. Uncall can remove your number from their lists altogether, or even more effectively, get them marked as a “bad conversion,” which indicates that your number isn't worth calling in the first place. Uncall’s free rough analysis will also let you know if your number is compatible with the service. But there’s already a very good chance that it is, since Uncall works with phone numbers in the US, UK, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy, Portugal, and a lot more. As we mentioned before, Uncall costs just one lifetime fee, despite the fact that monthly checkups on the security of your phone number are included with the service. The fee is either $15 per device for up to four numbers, or $10 on the Enterprise plan, which covers five or more numbers in perpetuity. That's a bargain, especially considering how a constant sting of unwanted texts and calls can be surprisingly stressful. Whether you opt for the standard plan or the Enterprise plan, Uncall is a steal at either price. More importantly, it’s proven to keep your number out of the wrong hands. so if that sounds like some small version of paradise, head over to the official Uncall site to get started by testing your phone number for free. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Are you doing everything you can to protect your personal information online? Most people think they are. But research indicates they are sadly mistaken. According to one recent survey, 92 percent of U.S. adults have engaged in risky data security behavior in the past year. That includes 82 percent who have reused passwords, 61 percent who use the same password most of the time, and 22 percent who use the same password all the time. It also includes 48 percent who use unsecured public Wi-Fi networks to transmit sensitive information without a VPN, 45 percent who save passwords online, and 35 percent who save payment and billing information online. That’s pretty terrible. Luckily, it’s actually very easy to avoid every single one of these mistakes thanks to Dashlane, a company that provides an all-in-one security solution featuring a password manager, VPN app, and  so much more. The reason people take risks when it comes to passwords is that keeping track of 50-plus unique and complicated passwords is very difficult. That’s why there are password management apps like Dashlane. They help you create and remember strong passwords so you can stop relying on obvious numbers and phrases that are easy to hack. That said, Dashlane is way more than a mere password management app. Over the years, their developers have come up with an impressive array of advanced tools, features, and functions that make Dashlane a sophisticated but still very affordable all-in-one online security solution. If you’re ready to start taking your online security more seriously, Dashlane has three different subscriptions to choose from—starting with one that’s 100-percent free. Lots of companies let you test drive a product. Dashlane just gives it to you. With Dashlane Free you get a sophisticated password generator that creates strong passwords according to the exact specifications of each of your online accounts. You also get an advanced autofill feature, an automatic password changer that instantly updates all your passwords with one touch of a button, and security alerts that let you know when a site you use has been breached. With Dashlane, all of your passwords are totally secure. They use a proprietary security architecture with military-grade encryption, and the master password for your account is not stored anywhere, so your account is unhackable. While Dashlane Free is an amazing value, it does have some significant limitations. Most notably, it only lets you create and store 50 passwords, and it only works on one device. If that just won’t do, check out Dashlane Premium and Premium Plus. With a Dashlane Premium subscription you get unlimited password storage, and all of your information is synced across unlimited devices. Seeing as how the average consumer has over 100 different online accounts, that’s pretty handy. Dashlane Premium also comes with dark web monitoring and their built-in VPN app. Dark web scanning means Dashlane scours the web for your personal information and notifies you if they find it somewhere it shouldn’t be. Meanwhile, the VPN app ensures all information leaving your device is encrypted, giving you a whole other layer of protection against anyone trying to view or track your online activity. Amazingly, Dashlane Premium is only $4.99 per month. However, for those who need even more security, there’s also Dashlane Premium Plus. With Dashlane Premium Plus, not only do you get the sophisticated password generation software, one-touch password update functionality, unlimited password storage, unlimited devices, dark web monitoring, and Dashlane’s built-in VPN app service. You also get real-time credit monitoring that notifies you the instant something goes wrong. And if something does go wrong, Dashlane Premium Plus comes with identity restoration support plus up to $1 million of identity theft insurance. And all of that is just $9.99 per month. Every year, cyber criminals get more sophisticated. In 2018 alone over 1.3 billion records were compromised in high profile hacking incidents. If you don’t just want to wait around to become another victim, click here to take action today and protect yourself with Dashlane. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Major cyber attacks and data breaches are occurring at an alarming rate. In 2018 alone over 1.3 billion records were compromised in high-profile hacking incidents involving Twitter, Marriott, Exactis, and MyFitnessPal. So it’s no wonder 90 percent of consumers say they are “very concerned” about internet privacy. Unfortunately, all of this supposed concern about violations of online privacy has not resulted in consumers taking simple steps to protect themselves online, such as using a password manager and VPN app to safeguard their information, or using a credit monitoring service to spot fraudulent activity. One recent study found that 92 percent of U.S. adults have engaged in risky data security behavior in the past year. That includes 82 percent who have reused passwords, 61 percent who use the same password half of the time, and 22 percent who use the same password all the time. It also includes 48 percent who use unsecured public Wi-Fi networks to transmit sensitive information, 45 percent who save passwords online, and 35 percent who save payment and billing information online. But there is good news for those of us who see these statistics as a wake-up call. Thanks to innovative companies like Dashlane, shoring up our online security does not have to be difficult or expensive. At its core, Dashlane is a sophisticated password management app, storing and remembering complicated passwords so you don't have to rely on less secure methods, like using your kids’ birthdays or your mother’s maiden name. The free version of Dashlane lets you store up to 50 passwords and features a password generator that creates strong passwords according to the exact specifications of each of your online accounts. It also features a powerful autofill feature, an automatic password changer that updates your passwords at the touch of a button, and security alerts that let you know when a site you use has been breached. With Dashlane, all of your information is insanely secure. They use a patented security architecture with state-of-the-art encryption, and the master password for your account is not stored anywhere. That means nobody—not Dashlane, not hackers, not the government—can access it via Dashline's system. But all that just scratches the surface of what Dashlane can do. Dashlane Premium and Dashlane Premium Plus can handle all of your online security needs in one place, conveniently and affordably securing your digital life. With Dashlane Premium you get unlimited password storage, and all of your information is synced across unlimited devices. You also get dark web monitoring, which basically means Dashlane scans the dark web and notifies you if it finds your information somewhere shouldn’t be. Best of all, Dashlane Premium comes with their built-in VPN app, which encrypts all information coming out of your device, providing a shield against anyone trying to view or track your online activity. crea Want even more online security? Check out Dashlane Premium Plus. In addition to all the features listed above, the Premium Plus option offers real-time credit monitoring which lets you keep tabs on your credit reports and alerts you of suspicious activity. And if someone does manage to open fraudulent accounts in your name, you also get identity restoration support and up to $1 million of identity theft insurance to help make things right and get your credit back in order. If you don’t want to be the victim of an online security breach, don’t be like the silent majority who sit around doing nothing. Take action now. Give Dashlane's state-of-the-art password manager and VPN app a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Keeping track of numerous, unique passwords for personal and business related accounts can be overwhelming. It can also breed bad habits. A recent study found 51 percent of respondents use the same password for both personal and business accounts, and 69-percent share passwords with colleagues for account access. GIven the study's results, its no wonder that so many people and businesses fall victim to hackers. But luckily, Dashlane Password Manager is here to help. Dashlane’s built-in Password Generator will assist you with creating unique, strong passwords and store them for you in an app that is both secure and easy to use. And that’s just a fraction of what Dashlane can do. So if you’re ready to take your online security seriously, Dashlane provides you with three solutions to get you started. Have you ever wished changing your password was as easy as just hitting a button? It is, with a Dashlane Password Manager. If you visit Dashlane right now, you can download and install Dashlane Free at no charge. Dashlane free will allow you to manage as many as 50 passwords and autofill all of your personal and payment information using the industry’s best encryption on one personal device for life. Dashlane’s powerful password generator makes it simple to create a complex password up to 40 characters long so you don’t have to keep using "password1." Although Dashlane Free may be the best option for some, Dashlane also provides Premium and Premium Plus options for users whose online security needs are more robust. In addition to all of the great features of Dashlane Free, Premium gives you unlimited password storage, VPN service, and dark web monitoring on all of your devices. According to Norton CyberSecurity, 60-percent of users believe using public Wi-Fi is more dangerous than using a public restroom. Yet, most users still do not practice "safe" security methods to access online accounts. Dashlane’s VPN app allows you to use any private or public Wi-Fi without compromising your security. It does so by using an encrypted, secure tunnel for any information you’re sending from your device. And with Dark web scanning, Dashlane searches the Internet for any of your personal information that may have been compromised, and alerts you so you can take appropriate steps to remedy the issue. Costs associated with data breaches rose 1.5 percent in 2018 to an average of $3.92 million per company. At just $4.99 per month, Dashlane Premium’s tools and features will help keep your data safe at an extremely affordable cost. Dashlane Premium Plus provides a comprehensive online protection package by including all of the features of Dashlane Premium as well as credit monitoring. To make this great deal even better, Dashlane Premium Plus also provides identity restoration support and up to $1 million in identity theft insurance if your identity is ever stolen. For only $9.99 per month billed annually, you’ll get a best in-class digital protection that is both preventative and protective. In 2018, the FTC processed over 1.4 million reports of fraud totaling nearly $1.5 billion in losses. Seemingly every year there are several major data breaches. Why sit around waiting for the inevitable to happen? Take charge with Dashlane Password Manager and keep your private data private. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Studies show that 80 percent of people just like you aren't consuming enough water on a daily basis to maintain proper hydration. And most people don't feel thirsty until they're already in the process of dehydration. That's a big problem, because even the slightest signs of dehydration can negatively affect the human body in a variety of ways. Even mild dehydration contributes to chronic fatigue, slower metabolism, mental fogginess, headaches, muscle cramps and more. And while it's best to prevent dehydration before it begins, consuming enough water can be a chore. Luckily, that's where Hydrant Rapid Hydration Mix comes into play. It not only breaks up the monotony that comes from drinking water exclusively by proving much needed flavor, but also uses a special formula to provide even better hydration than water alone. Hydrant is the best tasting, most effective, optimal hydration blend on the market. That's because it was developed by an Oxford Scientist to provide the optimal blend of electrolytes with just enough sugar to turn on your body's sodium-glucose pump. Doing this helps you hydrate faster because Hydrant is like electrolytning in a bottle. It’s for every day, every workout, every meeting, every morning after, every afternoon pick-me-up use. Hydrant uses perfectly balanced electrolytes and simple ingredients to more efficiently hydrate you, getting you to your baseline hydration level, whether in the boardroom or at the gym. Hydrant's formula is based on a standard set by the World Health Organization that's meant for saving lives. But the geniuses behind Hydrant used this information to figure out a way to make water work better. On its own, water can take a few hours to go from your belly into your bloodstream. What Hydrant does is speed up this process thanks to a scientifically formulated ratio of sugar and electrolytes. This ratio allows your body to become a quick and efficient hydration station so you're able to perform at your best, resulting in clean hydration done right so you hydrate with more speed. Drinking Hydrant makes hydrating simple with three awesome flavors: lime, grapefruit and blood orange. Scientists worked tirelessly to achieve the perfect flavor profiles so that every last drop is refreshing, not overpowering or hard to drink. In fact, Hydrant retooled both the look and taste of its product after combing through feedback from its early users. They improved the taste of their product so it's not only easier to drink, but also provides the maximum benefits. Hydrant does all of this, without any unnecessary additives, so it really tastes like you’re drinking water with a refreshing spritz of fresh lime, grapefruit, or blood orange. Maintaining proper hydration is one of the most important ways to ensure your body performs at its best. So turn to Hydrant to make sure you start your day strong and properly hydrated. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Sounds like British prime minister Boris Johnson watched too much "Black Mirror" — or fired his speech writer. Johnson gave a bizarre speech at the United Nations General Assembly in New York about the future of evil AI, "limbless chickens," and "pink-eyed terminators." He even threw in a Brexit joke. The timing of the speech is a real head-scratcher — it hasn't even been 24 hours since the UK's Supreme Court ruled that Johnson's decision to suspend Parliament for five weeks was unlawful. Opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn even asked Johnson to resign following the defeat on Tuesday, a move that would make him the shortest-serving prime minister of all time. Despite the turbulence, Johnson decided to throw caution to the wind and go out with a bang with an unhinged speech only the likes of Donald Trump could've come up with. To show just how unhinged Johnson's rambling speech was, here's a selection of choice quotes: "A future Alexa will pretend to take orders. But this Alexa will be watching you, clucking her tongue and stamping her foot." Alexa, of course, being Amazon's smart assistant — gaining conscience and seemingly turning into a chicken. "In the future, voice connectivity will be in every room and almost every object: your mattress will monitor your nightmares; your fridge will beep for more cheese, your front door will sweep wide the moment you approach, like some silent butler." We all know that the internet of things is adding connectivity to almost any household item out there — but language like this seems needlessly inflammatory and cynical. Does your smart assistant listen to practically anything you say? Yep. Will your mattress monitor your nightmares? Seems doubtful. "AI, what will it mean? Helpful robots washing and caring for an ageing population, or pink-eyed terminators sent back from the future to cull the human race?" We're not sure what Johnson could possibly be referring to when he says "pink-eyed terminators." We'll stick with the red-eyed ones, thanks. "What will synthetic biology stand for — restoring our livers and our eyes with miracle regeneration of the tissues, like some fantastic hangover cure? Or will it bring terrifying limbless chickens to our tables." Is "terrifying limbless chickens" a reference to the recent trend of lab-grown meat? It's hard to tell. “Should the machines, and only the machines, decide whether or not we are eligible for a mortgage or insurance or what surgery or medicines we should receive? Are we doomed to a cold and heartless future in which computer says yes — or computer says no with the grim finality of an emperor in the arena?” There have been a number of debates over the question of whether a machine should determine if somebody should die or not. Are the computers about to take away our ability to call the shots? Not even close. Our takeaway: As Johnson continues to peer into the future, maybe he should evaluate his own political career. READ MORE: Boris Johnson gave a deeply bizarre speech about 'limbless chickens,' 'pink-eyed terminators,' and evil Alexa [Business Insider] More on the apocalypse: Tinder Wants to Pair People Based on Their Apocalypse Strategy Share This Article 
Deepfake technology is advancing so rapidly, even Hao Li — one of the leading experts in the field — is having trouble keeping up. Li has watertight credentials. When he isn't teaching classes as a professor of computer science at the University of Southern California, he's the creator of some of the most convincing deepfakes out there. And he's in a predictive mood. On Wednesday, he told attendees at an MIT conference that he believes easy-to-use tech to create perfect deepfakes — ones that are virtually impossible to detect with the naked eye — is just two to three years away. Scary, right? Well, two days later, Li appeared on CNBC's "Power Lunch" program and told the show's hosts he expects everyday people to be able to create "perfectly real" deepfakes in just six to 12 months. When CNBC later reached out to Li to ask him what changed in the two days since the MIT conference, he replied that he was forced to "recalibrate" his expected timeline due to an increased focus on deepfake tech and the growing popularity of Zao, a deepfake app that lets users insert their faces into famous films and television shows. While Zao's application of deepfake tech is relatively harmless, Li and other experts are highly concerned about its potential nefarious uses. If widely available, there's no telling how many bad actors might use deepfake tech to scam companies, steal identities, or even interfere with elections, for example. To prevent that from happening, Li is currently working with University of California at Berkeley computer science professor Hany Farid to develop technology to detect deepfakes that look entirely real. “We are working together on an approach that assumes that deepfakes will be perfect,” Li told attendees at the MIT conference, adding that "there will be no way to tell if it’s real or not, so we have to take a different approach." Just what that approach will be isn't yet clear — but with the 2020 U.S. presidential election now expected to occur after perfect deepfake technology becomes available to everyday internet users, there's no time to waste in figuring it out. READ MORE: 'Perfectly real' deepfakes will arrive in 6 months to a year, technology pioneer Hao Li says [CNBC] More on deepfakes: Report: 2020 Candidates Are Going to Get Owned by Deepfakes Share This Article 
Pull out Instagram, Twitter, or Facebook and search for the Hong Kong protests. You'll likely see videos of hundreds of thousands of umbrella-sheathed marchers filling through the streets of the Chinese city, as well as some pro-government propaganda, or even more gruesome images of police spraying the bloodied heads of protesters with pepper spray. Make the same search on the widely-popular video sharing app TikTok, though, and you won't know there's a protest at all. According to The Washington Post, that's almost certainly a "politically convenient reality" created by TikTok owner ByteDance on behalf of the Chinese government — a terrifying example of how social media can be manipulated as a form of social control. Researchers are concerned that China is censoring the app's Chinese users in order to strangle the voice of protestors and stem the global spread of information, according to the Post. The protests in Hong Kong first sparked off three months ago in opposition to a since-shelved extradition bill, but have since grown to call for "full democracy" and police accountability. ByteDance declined to speak with the Post about its "purported independence from censors in Beijing." Instead, it released a statement claiming the app is "a place for entertainment, not politics," and that the app's audience gravitates toward more "positive and joyful content." That's a dubious claim. The app is arguably one of China’s "most successful social-media exports," currently installed on a staggering 1.3 billion phones around the world, and the content shared through its bite-sized videos goes way beyond singing tweens and latte art. Users do riff on pop culture and record their cute pets, but just as often it's used by protesters across the globe — as well as hate groups spewing vitriol. Just last month, Chinese users on Douyin, the original version of TikTok, posted videos solemnly posing in front of photographs of their relatives who had reportedly disappeared in the internment camps in China's Xinjiang region. Whether app developers plan for it or not, social media continues to provide a voice to political and social unrest, allowing citizens of even the most censored countries and regions to amplify their beliefs to viewers across the world. The only problem: those developers can decide to click the mute button. As the Post reports, it's nearly impossible to tell what content is being censored by TikTok, whether that be videos of protests or even hate speech and extremism. The lack of Hong Kong protest videos could even be attributed to users' fear that the government is closely monitoring their content. But regardless of the cause, the opacity of TikTok's operations and policies should brew concern for any users of the app. The same extreme censoring methods could extend unchecked throughout the app's ever-growing global audience. READ MORE: TikTok’s Beijing roots fuel censorship suspicion as it builds a huge U.S. audience [Washington Post] More on the protests in Hong Kong: Police are spraying protesters with dye to round them up later Share This Article 
As you probably already know, we’re in the midst of a massive avalanche of new streaming services, including high-profile ones from Apple and Disney, all vying for not just your entertainment dollar but your precious time as well. And if you’re tired of megadosing your brain on endless hours of serialized dramas and old sitcoms, it’s possible you have a taste for the kind of educational entertainment offered up by Curiosity Stream, a different kind of streaming service in the vein of the fondly remembered golden ages of cable channels like Discovery and TLC. Curiosity Stream is an online streaming service that’s essentially Netflix but for non-fiction documentary content like that which you used to be able to find on the Discovery Channel, TLC, and other similar channels before they switched to their current mostly reality-show based formats. Programs like The Secrets of Quantum Physics, The Rise and Fall of T-Rex, Stephen Hawking’s Favorite Places, and many more. About 2,400 more, in fact, with more programs being added all the time, on topics including science, nature, history, technology, society, and more. Curiosity Stream is extremely inexpensive compared to other streaming services, with a price tag at just $19.99 for a whole year. But you can try it for a week for free to see if it’s the informational entertainment oasis you’ve been looking for. If it is, the next step will be to figure out which Curiosity Stream plan is right for you. The standard, high-definition streaming plan will cost you just $2.99 a month, or even less if you pay for the whole year up front -- just $19.99. Of course, if you’re a videophile with a 4K TV, Curiosity Stream has you covered there, too, provided you’re willing to pay a little more. The upgraded 4K streaming plan is priced at $9.99 a month or $69.99 a year -- which is still a bargain given the visual splendor of much of Curiosity Stream’s library. Another cool thing that distinguishes Curiosity Stream from other streaming services is a complete lack of regional restrictions on content. That means that not only is the service’s entire programming library available no matter where you are in the world, but that you can use your Curiosity Stream account wherever you might travel, and find the same great shows and films for your viewing pleasure. It’s also available on a wide variety of devices, including Apple and Android tablets, LG, Sony, Vizio, and Samsung smart TVs, streaming devices like Apple TV, Roku TV, Amazon Fire TV, and Chromecast, and the Xbox One. So head over to Curiosity Stream’s official site here and check it out. There you can begin your weeklong free trial as well as find a playlist of free programs and a lot more additional information on the service. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Are you looking for a way to improve cognitive function that does not involve pumping your brain full of stimulants? If so, it’s time to consider nootropics. And when it comes to nootropics, no one does it better than TruBrain. Every day, over 200 million Americans rely on stimulants in order to feel more alert. For most, the stimulant of choice is caffeine. It’s estimated that about 196 million people drink at least one cup of coffee every day. However, a growing number of people are turning to prescription stimulants. One survey conducted by the American Journal of Psychiatry concluded that 16 million Americans over the age of 18 use drugs like Adderall or Ritalin, with about 5 million using them illegally. Unfortunately, the problem with pretty much all stimulants is that while they are very good at making you feel awake, they don’t actually help you feel clear-headed and focused. Stimulants also tend to come with unwanted side effects, such as crash and burn, mood fluctuations, disrupted sleep patterns, and adrenal fatigue. And these side effects just end up creating a vicious cycle in which we rely on more stimulants to overcome them. Luckily, TruBrain can help you break this cycle because it doesn’t stimulate your brain. It feeds it. Created by UCLA-trained neuroscientists, TruBrain is a proprietary blend of nootropics, which are nutrients, minerals, amino acids, and other compounds that the brain uses as fuel for neurotransmission. While a lot of companies market nootropics as “smart drugs,” the reality is they will not increase your IQ or turn you into a rocket scientist. What they will do is improve focus, enhance verbal fluency, and boost overall mental output, helping you remember more and create faster. How does it all work? Well, the active nootropics in TruBrain do two very specific things in your brain. First, they increase blood flow to the brain, bringing more oxygen and glucose to the neurons. This increases brain cell metabolism, which in turn enhances neuroplasticity, which is a brain cell’s ability to make new neural connections. Second, the nootropics in TruBrain modulate receptors in the brain, making them more receptive. This allows for faster and more efficient communication between neurons, which results in higher brain function. TruBrain doesn’t just work in theory. Third party clinical trials and EEG brainwave analysis have shown it increases alpha brain wave activity, enhances verbal fluency, and improves memory and learning. And the best part is that there are no known side effects. TruBrain has a lower toxicity than table salt, vitamin D, aspirin, or cola. TruBrain's game-changing blend of nootropics come in 1oz liquid shots and are available in quantities of 20, 30, and 60. And a monthly subscription knocks 10 percent off the single-order price. Pre-paying for year’s worth of shots knocks off another 30 percent. That basically reduces the price of each 1 oz shot to less than a cup of coffee. So if you’re ready for a natural way to achieve peak mental output, one that leaves you thinking clearly and effectively without mood swings and crashes, click here to try TruBrain today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
So, Readers — We don't take the time to address you or editorialize often, as we prefer to let our news-gathering and analysis do the talking for us. Clearly, today's a little different. We're gonna talk to you about something important to our team, and then we're not gonna publish for the rest of the day. [Really, we don't even consider what we're about to tell you to be editorializing all that much. Hopefully, by the time we're done, you won't either.] Here's why: When most of us on the team are asked to describe what we do, or what kind of thing we work on, most of us say something like: "We're a site with a distinct focus on emergent technology and groundbreaking science." Science is the paramount value our team holds. It drives everything we do, here. Before our fascination with cutting-edge, emergent technology; before the latest groundbreaking advances in A.I. or biotech; before the wildest boondoggles cryptocurrency bandits or hackers have on offer, our ultimate fascination remains science. That process by which — through observation, the gathering of hard empirical evidence, and the collating and organization of data —  truth is established. There's a great Thomas Huxley line, about how science is "nothing but trained and organized common sense." Our value of science is closely related with the same reasons we're journalists: A belief in science is a belief in the truth, above all. And maybe you've noticed, but the word "future" is in our site's name. The tagline that stuck around the most (and there have been many) is: Telling the stories of tomorrow, today.  Which is why we're taking today, the day of the Global Climate Strike, away from our desks. Because if indeed that truth and science are our paramount values, there is no more important story of tomorrow — of our future — than humanity's survival. To care about climate science is to care about yourself, your friends, your family, and the world around you. It's to care about the future of people you know, right now, and people you don't know, for eons to come. To do anything less is a zero sum game. And the science of our future, by the way, is clear: We need to act now. The facts are simple: This planet is already well on the losing end of a war. Climate change will affect entire populaces (and most definitely yours); biomes will change if not entirely crumble and reconstitute as deadlier, nastier things. Entire continents are running out of drinking water. Snow is turning black. The Amazon rainforest is burning. It's literally raining plastic. The population will get bigger, as food supplies dwindle. And geo-engineering ain't gonna help us. You know how bad things are? "Here's an idea: Cannibalism!"-bad. And all of those stories are from the last month. Think about it like this: In the last twenty years, we went from most people not owning cell phones, to nearly everyone having a cell phone, with internet access, a great camera, and the ability to lose brain cells to Candy Crush and TikTok in their pockets. That is an extraordinary leap. If you've ever looked at the Kurzweil Curve, you understand just how rapidly change can come about. Maybe the best scale to illustrate the problems humanity presents to itself — and our delicate planet — is Carl Sagan's "Cosmic Calendar." Sagan mapped out the entire existence of the universe using a 12 month calendar. The Big Boom happened on January 1st at 12:00 AM. Multicellular life on Earth shows up around December 14th. The end of the last Ice Age starts on December 31st, at 11:59:06, and the years as we measure them currently (from 0 A.D. onward) start at 11:59:56. Which basically means that after eons of existence, we humans — via our industrial and nuclear ages — created the means to destroy ourselves, as the Cosmic Calendar would have it, in less than the blink of an eye.  The point is simply that we're moving at an absurdly fast clip. And whatever you think of climate science, climate science doesn't think about you: It just is. It's there, and true. And the truth it says, in pretty plain and simple language, is basically: Humans are fucking up this world.  And this world, per Newton's third law, is going to royally fuck up humans. Don't get us wrong. Here at Futurism, we're a group of many interests. Some of us like fast, six-speed manual, gas guzzling cars. Or fume-spewing international travel. Red meat. Yes: Some of us, dare I admit it, are prone to use of the occasional plastic straw. All the things that are definitely killing this planet — and many of which, don't get us wrong, can make life worth living. But there's not going to be much life to live for much longer on that cosmic calendar if we keep moving at the rate we're moving. You can do without the straw. We can find a better straw. Seriously. It's a straw. - - - So why strike? What's to actually be done? After all: We're just a website, you're just a person, and it's bracingly hard to see how any single person or even group of people can make an iota of difference, when forces so overwhelming are acting in such strong opposition to our best ideals on our best days. Our answer isn't easy to stomach, nor fun, but it's as earnest as we can get: Paying attention and minding this issue, and making it a part of every conversation. Every. Day. And making this conversation a more instinctual part of every thought is — must be — nothing short of an evolutionary feature: Do or die. We don't know if we, even in the most ideal situations, stand a chance at reversing the damage done. Much of the science would suggest that we don't. But we owe it to ourselves to try. Humans managed to get out of the cave, and seek the sunlight; then the horizon over land, and then, over sea. Give us long enough, and we eventually made it to the cosmos. Our capacity for endeavor knows no limits. We got off this rock, and put our boots on the moon. We've saved people on the brink of death from cancer. We came up with french fries, Angry Birds, trampolines, coffee, and the designated hitter rule. Us humans? We're full of pluck. And if we so endeavor, this generation can be the one that begins to pull off the greatest trick we were never really supposed to: Our own survival. Yours, your loved ones, your friends. And yeah, sure, unfortunately, also the survival of some of the people you subtweet and the relatives on Facebook you hate but can't unfriend without hearing from your Mom. Package deal. 'Sucks, we know. But it's worth it. And we want to show our solidarity with, well, our fellow humans, those with us in the fight for our survival. Which involves getting out from behind our desks, out of our office, and into the streets with them. We'll make some noise about this. Hopefully, moving as one, this mass of people can reach the ears and eyes of those who weren't hearing or seeing it before. 'Seems like a good start. - - - That's why, outside of some posts we pre-scheduled, and some social posting on our Twitter and Instagram from the protests here in New York, we won't be publishing today. Because we want to put our money where our mouths are; because we value science above all. And the science says, again and again, that climate change is real. It is our future. And the story of tomorrow, today, is nothing less than the fate of however many more days this planet has left. 'Clock's ticking. On behalf of the entire team at Futurism Media: We'll be on the streets today, and back in the office on Monday. Until then, here's to tomorrow, and all the tomorrows to come. There will never, ever be enough of them. Signed, Foster Kamer Content Directorand the rest of the Futurism Media team. Share This Article 
When a gunman used Facebook to livestream an attack on several New Zealand mosques in March, Facebook's automatic detection system should have immediately flagged and removed the content. But it didn't — and the reason it didn't, Facebook’s public policy director Neil Potts told British lawmakers in April, was the video's perspective. "This was a first-person shooter video, one where we have someone using a GoPro helmet with a camera focused from their perspective of shooting," he explained, adding that it "was a type of video we had not seen before." Now, in an effort to provide its content-policing AI with the training data it needs to detect such videos in the future, Facebook is giving the U.K.'s Metropolitan Police free body cameras — on the condition that the Met provides Facebook with bodycam footage of police shooting their firearms during training programs. "With this initiative, we aim to improve our detection of real-world, first-person footage of violent events," Facebook wrote in a news release on Tuesday, "and avoid incorrectly detecting other types of footage such as fictional content from movies or video games." Facebook is also in talks with government and law enforcement officials in the U.S. to enact a similar partnership, according to the release, though it didn't provide a timeline for when such a partnership might be solidified. Neil Basu, the Met's Assistant Commissioner for Specialist Operations, seems optimistic that the initiative could prove worthwhile on a number of levels. "The technology Facebook is seeking to create could help identify firearms attacks in their early stages and potentially assist police across the world in their response to such incidents," he said in a statement. He also noted that if Facebook can effectively train its system to automatically spot — and stop — livestreams of attacks, it could "significantly help prevent the glorification of such acts and the promotion of the toxic ideologies that drive them." AIs typically require a massive amount of training data, and Stephanie McCourtit, Facebook’s Law Enforcement Outreach Lead (UK), said in the same statement that the partnership with the Met alone will produce enough bodycam footage to effectively train Facebook's system to know a first-person shooting livestream if it sees one. Still, the addition of footage from U.S. law enforcement could increase the accuracy of the AI — and with the American government seemingly desperate to see Facebook and other platforms crack down on extremist online content, there's a solid chance the social network will soon get its hands on bodycam footage from U.S. police as well. READ MORE: Facebook will train its content-removal AI with police camera footage [Engadget] More on extremist content: Facebook to Identify Hate Speech-Spouting Users for France Share This Article 
Over the last decade scientists have made huge advancements in our understanding of the human gut microbiome and how it affects our health. Unfortunately, a lot of what science has revealed is being drowned in what Harvard researcher William Hanage calls a “tsunami of its own hype.” Food companies and health bloggers push all sorts of exotic “superfoods” and make wild claims about what they can do. Just punch “gut health” into Google and you’ll get dozens of articles listing the things you should eat and drink, from yogurt and sauerkraut to kombucha and kefir. But the reality is, all these so-called experts are just guessing. One of the most important things science has taught us about gut health is that no two guts are exactly alike, so what’s best for someone else isn’t necessarily best for you. If you want to create the ideal diet for your gut, you have to start by taking a microbiome test such as the Gut Intelligence Test from Viome. The human microbiome is the complex ecosystem of microorganisms that live in and on the human body, and the gut microbiome is the community of symbiotic bacteria and other microorganisms that live in your digestive tract. A microbiome test is like a DNA test, only instead of mapping out your genes, a microbiome test maps out the specific microorganisms in your gut and provides important insights into what they’re doing with the food you give them. Over the last 15 years, scientists have discovered that this ecosystem plays a huge role in our overall health. Recent research has revealed that the gut microbiome affects almost every system in the body, including the digestive system, immune system, and cardiovascular system. Scientists have also found links between gut health and things a lot of us struggle with every day, such as weight management, sleep, and mental clarity, just to name a few. Weight Loss After years of research, scientists can now analyze the composition of your unique gut microbiome and tell with 90-percent accuracy whether or not you are obese. They have also identified specific gut microbes that play a role in keeping obesity at bay. If you are trying to lose weight, a gut microbiome test can tell you what foods to eat to provide nutrients for these specific microbes. Sleep There are a lot of factors that keep us from getting a good night's sleep, from daily stress to cell phone addiction. For some people, however, gut imbalance could be the culprit. Scientists have recently discovered that several strains of bacteria in your gut contribute to your body’s supply of melatonin, which is the hormone that regulates your sleep-wake cycle. Helping these strains flourish could actually help you sleep better. Mental Clarity Ever been accused of thinking with your stomach? Well, don’t worry. Turns out everybody does. Researchers have learned that the microorganisms in our digestive tract play a major role in producing neurotransmitters, hormones, proteins, and other compounds necessary for sending signals to and from the brain. In other words, your gut can affect how you feel and think in a very tangible way. But to take advantage of these new scientific insights, you have to know exactly what’s going on in your gut. And when it comes to that, nobody does it better than Viome. Simply put, the Viome Gut Intelligent Test is the most advanced microbiome test in the world. It uses advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing technology developed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory for national security purposes to map the strains and species of bacteria, fungi, phages, yeast, parasites, and viruses that make up your unique gut microbiome. But you don’t have to go to some sterile clinic to be poked and prodded. You can take Viome’s state-of-the-art test from the comfort of your own home. Once you place your order, Viome will send you an easy to use at-home kit to collect your sample. After you return your sample by mail, Viome analyzes it with the aforementioned microbe identification technology to determine what microorganisms live in your gut, how active they are, and what specific nutrients and toxins they produce from the food you eat. Viome then runs the results through an advanced artificial intelligence algorithm, and the AI creates customized dietary recommendations based on a massive and continually growing database of information. These recommendations are designed to: • increase microbial species associated with overall wellness • minimize microbial species associated with poor health • create the ideal ratio of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats for your diet • encourage foods that are most compatible with your metabolism • help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight • increase your energy, focus and well-being Viome provides comprehensive status reports on things like digestive efficiency, intestinal barrier health, metabolic fitness, inflammatory activity, and protein fermentation, helping you identify gut activity related to specific areas of concern. They also provide custom dietary recommendations based on parameters you select, each of which come with detailed explanations. And all recommendations are delivered discreetly and securely via the Viome app on your mobile device, making them incredibly easy to put into action. If you’re ready to take the guesswork out of eating healthy and create a custom diet based on science, the Viome Gut Intelligence Test is for you. And now through September 23 the Gut Intelligence test is 67-percent off the regular price. So don’t wait. Order your kit today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Despite a mountain of scientific evidence, mass shootings in the U.S. are still being blamed on violent video games — ignoring far more pertinent topics like gun control and accessible mental health care. So why is this misguided belief still kicking around? A new meta-study published in the journal Psychology of Popular Media Culture on Monday concluded that mass shootings perpetrated by white people are frequently blamed on video games, whereas shootings by black people are often attributed to stereotypical associations with violent crime. In other words, how we explain mass shootings comes down to racial stereotyping — and points toward a much larger racial issue in American society. The researchers analyzed 200,000 news articles about 204 mass shootings over the last 40 years provided by Stanford University. They found that the portrayal of the shooter's intent was heavily influenced by their race — it appears, according to the research, that the media is eight times more likely to blame video games when a shooter is white. The researchers also asked 169 college students to read fictionalized accounts of shootings and discuss in interviews what might have caused them to occur. The researchers found statistically significant evidence that the students were more likely to agree that video games were a factor for accounts of white shooters. At the same time, 169 students is still a fairly limited sample size that may not be representative on a national scale. Other biases, including the fact that they were all college students, could also skew the results. Still, the results are troubling. "There are a lot of us out there who think we don’t have a racist cell in our body, but we are comfortable looking at certain explanations [for violence] over others," James Ivory, co-author of the study and researcher at Virginia Tech, told MIT Technology Review. So why do these explanations differ so significantly depending on the shooter's race? "For an African-American or Latino male, it’s not video games; it’s inner city crime or gang violence, and we’re supposed to expect this in these neighborhoods," Chris Ferguson, a psychology professor at Stetson University, who worked on a similar meta-analysis in 2015, told the Review. "But when you look at a white kid from a reasonably affluent neighborhood, we are more inclined to see external attributions for committing the crime," Ferguson continued. "People wonder, ‘What would make a nice white kid commit a crime like this?’ They think something corrupted them." So why is it that president Donald Trump still blamed the internet, mental illness, and video games in an August speech after 31 were killed at a shooting in El Paso, Texas? Both Ivory and Ferguson believe it could simply be a way to distract from the real issue: gun control. READ MORE: The connection between video games and mass shootings isn’t just wrong—it’s racist[MIT Technology Review] More on violent video games: No, Violent Video Games Don't Cause Mass Shootings Share This Article 
Given all the purported health and wellness benefits of CBD, you might think it’s a good thing that you can now buy CBD products just about anywhere. Unfortunately, that is not the case. Most of the time, the selection of CBD products available at any one retailer is extremely limited, and the products they do carry are often of dubious quality. But if you want a wide selection of high quality CBD products, you need to check out Eaze Wellness, the premier place to buy CBD online. Unlike your local pharmacy or convenience store, Eaze Wellness won’t sell any old CBD product. Their vast selection of premium products is meticulously curated, and every single one of them is made only from industrial grade hemp, which by law contains less than 0.3% THC. They’ll even give you a Certificate of Assessment for any product upon request, so you can be absolutely certain of what you’re putting in your body. Eaze Wellness currently ships to 43 states, and all products come with a 30-day guarantee. If you are unhappy for any reason, simply contact customer support to for an exchange or full refund. Whether you take CBD for pain, stress, anxiety, inflammation, mental clarity, or sleeplessness, Eaze Wellness has a product that’s right for you. From pills and tinctures, to creams and bath bombs, to vape pens and patches, you’ll find it at Eaze Wellness. They even have CBD products created specifically for your furry friends. Here are just a few examples of their most popular products. Berry CBD Pen This berry flavored vape pen from DomCBD contains a therapeutic blend of fruit terpenes and hemp-derived CBD oil, specifically formulated to soothe and relax. Each pen contains 200mg of CBD (40%) and comes pre-filled, pre-charged, and reach to use. CBD Tropic Thunder – Focus For those times when you just hit a wall and can’t seem to focus, there’s the Tropic Thunder vape pen from Hempbase. Its sweet and citrus blend is designed to keep you mellow, so stress doesn’t stop you from getting stuff done. Each pen contains 200mg of CBD (40%). It doesn’t require a battery, and is ready to use right out of the box. CBD+ Vaporizer – Aches If you’re looking for lightning fast relief from aches and pains—not to mention anxiety or inflammation—there’s this vape pen from Wildflower. Its refreshing and aromatic blend of highly concentrated CBD oil and lavender, peppermint, and spearmint provides calm comfort almost instantly. Each disposable pen contains about 150 five-second draws that are roughly 30-percent CBD. Again, these are just a few of Eaze Wellness’s most popular products. They have literally dozens more to choose from in every category. So seriously, stop buying whatever inferior CBD product you happen to see at the gas station when you fill up your car. Head on over to eazewellness.com right now, create an account, and start getting quality CBD delivered right to your door. A non-editorial team at Futurism has partnered with Eaze to create this article, and we may receive a percentage of sales from this post. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
Since the July arrest of Jeffrey Epstein on charges of sex trafficking, a number of huge names in the world of tech — from Bill Gates to Elon Musk — have attempted to defend or deny any inkling of a relationship with the financier. But one prominent computer scientist is seemingly going out of his way to insert himself into the scandal: MIT Visiting Scientist Richard Stallman. MIT accepted millions of dollars in funding from Epstein, prompting one student group to organize a protest calling for the resignation of any senior MIT administrators who knew about the donations. In the details of the Facebook event for that protest, the students noted that late MIT professor Marvin Minsky "is accused of assaulting one of Epstein’s victims." They included a link to a story by The Verge that cited the deposition of a woman who said that she was forced to have sex with Minsky at Epstein's compound when she was 17 and the MIT professor was in his seventies. On Thursday, MIT graduate Selam Jie Gano published a Medium post including excerpts from an email that Stallman reportedly sent to an MIT CSAIL mailing list in response to the protest. "The word 'assaulting' presumes that he applied force or violence, in some unspecified way," Stallman wrote in the email, "but the article itself says no such thing. Only that they had sex." Had Stallman checked the legal definition of sexual assault prior to penning his email, he would know that the Department of Justice defines it as "a nonconsensual sexual act proscribed by Federal, tribal, or State law, including when the victim lacks capacity to consent." As a 17-year-old in the Virgin Islands, Minsky's alleged victim automatically lacked that capacity to consent — hence, sexual assault. After that, Stallman went on to say the member of "Epstein’s harem" likely presented herself to Minsky as "entirely willing." Gano takes Stallman to task for his tone-deaf defense of the sexual assault accusations against Minsky in her post — then calls on MIT to "remove men like Richard Stallman" from its ranks. "This behavior cannot go unchecked, simply because someone is seen as a 'genius,'" Gano wrote. "Simply because they are powerful, influential, or have friends in high places. Those are the same forces that allowed Jeffrey Epstein to rape and traffick children for so long." "Remove everyone, if we must," she later adds, "and let something much better be built from the ashes." READ MORE: Remove Richard Stallman [Medium] More on Epstein: Sex Trafficker Jeffrey Epstein Obsessed With Eugenics, Cryogenics Share This Article 
Are you washing your towels and bed sheets as often as you’re supposed to? Conventional wisdom says you’re supposed to wash your sheets and pillowcases at least once every couple of weeks, and the towels you keep in that bacteria-ridden hothouse you call a bathroom are supposed to get washed even more often than that. So if you aren’t very good at following these guidelines, but you still don’t like the idea of being surrounded by all kinds of unwanted microscopic roommates, there is another way: Miracle. Miracle brand products are woven with anti-microbial silver that kills 99 percent of bacteria, meaning they stay cleaner and healthier much longer than a typical pillowcase or washcloth. To put it in more precise terms, Miracle’s products can be washed three times less often than other silver-free products because they’re essentially self-cleaning. How does silver accomplish all this? It all comes down to the precious metal’s ions, which naturally carry a positive charge that draws in bacteria and other microbes like a magnet before destroying them before they reproduce. Here’s a brief rundown on three of the most popular Miracle products, which you can now try risk-free for 30 days. You spend more time than you think with your face mashed up against your pillowcase, which means cleanliness is a pretty important quality. Miracle brand pillow cases are, like the rest of the Miracle product line, home to far less bacteria than normal pillowcases thanks to that trusty silver. Using a pillowcase from Miracle can also lead to healthier skin, since a lot of that bacteria that congregates on normal pillowcases is known to cause acne and other skin problems. Of course, there’s no logical reason to make your pillowcases microbe-free while keeping your old bacteria-infested bed sheets. With a Miracle Sheet Set, you get two pillowcases, plus one fitted sheet and one flat sheet, all of which come together to give you not just a cleaner night’s sleep, but a more comfortable rest, as well. By now you’ve replaced all your bedding with Miracle bed sheets and pillowcases, ridding your bed of 99.9 percent of bacteria. You wake up in the morning and hop into the shower, then dry off with a disgusting towel that has absorbed all the bacteria floating around your bathroom. It doesn’t really make sense, does it? But if you replace your towels with the Miracle Towel Set, you’ll get two bath towels, two hand towels, and two washcloths, all with the same bacteria killing properties of Miracle sheets and pillowcases. Miracle towels are also engineered for maximum absorbency, and take about half the time to dry as regular towels. So if you’re ready to make the switch, click here to head over to the Miracle’s official store and give their products a try. As we mentioned above, you have 30 risk-free days to try out their products. So if you’re not satisfied, return them for a full refund, no questions asked. With that in mind, what do you have to lose... besides a bunch of disgusting bacteria crawling around your bedroom? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re looking for a truly one-of-a-kind gift for someone with an appreciation for natural history and/or dinosaurs, the folks at Mini Museum have just the thing: jewelry made out of coprolite, also known as dinosaur poop. Seriously. Just think what a great conversation starter it would make. Mimi Museum was the lifelong dream of entrepreneur and self-described adventurer Hans Fex. It was officially founded back in 2014, when Fex launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise money for a collection of expertly curated miniature artifacts and specimens “from earth and beyond.” Since then Mini Museum has released three more editions of the original Mini Museum, which include things like extraterrestrial amino acids, dinosaur bones, water from the Amazon River, moon dust, Viking axes, Egyptian mummy beads, and pieces of the White House, among other things. Now, in an effort to cater to collectors with very specific interests, Mini Museum also now sells individual specimens. And without a doubt, one of the most unique things you can buy from Mini Museum’s fossil and geology collection is dino poop jewelry. Of course, dino poop jewelry is not as gross as it sounds. The dino poop in question is fossilized. The much less exciting scientific name for it is coprolite. These trace fossils were formed over the course of millions of years as minerals such as chalcedony and quartz replaced the original organic material. That process created a colorful mixture embedded in fine-grained crystalline rock, which allows scientists to study the diet and lifestyle of creatures that have been extinct for hundreds of millions of years. They also happen to make exquisite jewelry when polished and shaped. The coprolite specimen Mini Museum used to create beads for their handmade jewelry collection was formed from sauropod feces—so we’re talking things like Brontosauruses, Brachiosauruses, and Diplodocuses. It was excavated from the Morrison formation in Utah, one of the most studied fossil beds of the upper Jurassic Period. Available as a necklace or earrings, each jewelry piece comes in a decorative box with an information card about the coprolite specimen. The necklace features five polished coprolite beads and sterling silver components. The earrings feature two beads, one for each earring, and sterling silver components. Can’t decide which one to get? Well, if you get both, Mini Museum will apply a 25 percent discount at checkout. So you might as well live large. Of course, if dino poop jewelry isn’t your thing, Mini Museum has a ton of other incredible items for sale. Tires might not seem like a very important piece of equipment for a spaceship. However, they’re one of the most important components of any craft that’s expected to land safely on the ground with all the astronauts inside not dead. That’s why the tires on the Space Shuttle Columbia were no ordinary tires. They were rigorously engineered and tested over and over to make sure they could withstand extreme and sudden changes in temperature, plus a payload of up to 240,000 pounds. This irregular mission-flown specimen comes from a nose landing gear tire that was removed from service after the Space Shuttle Columbia's 13th mission in 1992. It’s encased in an acrylic specimen jar and housed in a 4" x 3" x 1" glass-topped riker box, and comes with a small information card. If you’re a space buff, this is the perfect piece with which to start your own private collection. Then again, you could also just go all in and get one of the original Mini Museums. The Mini Museum Third Edition is a collection of 29 rare miniature specimens and artifacts spanning billions of years, all encased in a clear acrylic block just five inches tall, four inches wide, and one inch thick. Specimens include a 4.5 billion-year-old space gem, a Spinosaurus spine, a Megalodon tooth, a giant sloth claw, Egyptian papyrus, a 14th century Samurai sword, a piece of Alcatraz, a fragment of one of Steve Jobs’ turtle necks, and so much more. Each and every Mini Museum is handmade and individually numbered with laser etching. They come with a certificate of authenticity, a detailed hard-cover specimen guide, a microfiber pouch, and display and storage box. Whether you’re huge science and history buff, or you’re looking to inspire someone with a one-of-a-kind gift, the Mini Museum Third Edition will not disappoint. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Homelessness has surged in California in recent years, prompting President Donald Trump to tell Fox News' Tucker Carlson in July that his administration "may do something to get that whole thing cleaned up." Now, it's starting to look like that "something" could be rounding up homeless people and sending them to government-run facilities — a plan that's bound to attract criticism, given the deplorable conditions at other U.S. government-run facilities. On Tuesday, Los Angeles officials met with representatives from the White House, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and the Justice Department to discuss the city's homelessness problem and give the federal officials a tour of local shelters and public housing projects. Several government officials present for the discussions spoke with The Washington Post under the condition of anonymity to share details about the Trump administration's plans. Two of those officials told WaPo a possible course of action would be demolishing the tent cities in which the homeless currently gather and moving them into government facilities. Forcing the homeless to move into those facilities would clearly be the stuff of dystopian nightmares, but if the move would be voluntary, government-run facilities could actually help solve California's homeless crisis. Finland is the only European Union nation where homelessness is on the decline, a welcome development largely — if not wholly — attributable to the government's decision to provide homeless people with a no-strings-attached place to live. "With state, municipal, and [non-governmental organization] backing, flats were bought, new blocks built, and old shelters converted into permanent, comfortable homes," The Guardian wrote in a recent story highlighting Finland's incredibly successful Housing First initiative. But the airy, bright homes complete with gyms and saunas described in The Guardian piece don't sound anything like what we've come to know of "government facilities" in the United States, where the term often conjures up images of crumbling public schools or, even worse, detention centers with children in filthy cages. Even the nation's Veteran's Affairs hospitals are subpar, to put it mildly — and any notion that the Trump administration will put more effort into housing America's homeless than it does into preserving the health of those who served the nation's military may be misplaced. "Homelessness in California is absolutely a crisis that demands action from the federal, state, and local level," Diane Yentel, president and CEO of the non-profit National Low Income Housing Coalition, told WaPo, "but it’s hard to imagine the Trump administration is acting in good faith to solve it when they have made so many efforts in the last two years to worsen the crisis." Still, with nearly a fourth of America's homeless population residing in California, Governor Gavin Newsom is at least willing to discuss any ideas the president might have on how to end the crisis. "[I]f the President is willing to put serious solutions — with real investment — on the table," Newsom spokesperson Nathan Click said in a statement, "California stands ready to talk." READ MORE: Trump Pushing for Major Crackdown on Homeless Camps in California, With Aides Discussing Moving Residents to Government-Backed Facilities [The Washington Post] More on California's homeless: San Francisco Plans “Safe” Parking for People Living in Vehicles Share This Article 
That Chardonnay in your glass comes from wine grapes which carry a fascinating genetic quirk. Researchers in California sequenced the genomes of Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon grapes to compare their genetic similarity and found some genes lacked the expected number of copies. Their findings, published recently in the journal Nature Plants, offered a surprising look at the weird genetics of plants. "Each of us inherits one copy of their gene from their mother and one from their father," Brandon Gaut, co-lead researcher, said in a press release. "One would assume that the grapes inherit two copies of every gene, too, with one coming from each of their two parents. However, we found there was just one copy, not two, for 15 percent of the genes in Chardonnay, and it was also true of Cabernet Sauvignon grapes." Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon are each made up of about 37,000 genes. Not only is the research useful for winemakers — particularly, say, on Mars — but it could also offer more clues into how the largely unexplored structural variations in plant genomes alter the fruits and vegetables we consume. "These genetic differences probably contribute to many of the differences in taste between wines made from different grape varieties," said Darius Canto, the other co-lead researcher. One of the most drastic differences, and most important to winemaking, was in the number of genes each grape contained which dictate the color of the fruit. It turns out red grapes have mutated into white grapes in multiple instances. The fewer color-related genes a grape inherited increased the likelihood of resulting white grapes. Gaut explained that "even between the various types of heirloom tomatoes, structural variations could account for differing nutritional values." Further research could also lead to more efficient plant breeding. READ MORE: Raising a glass to grapes' surprising genetic diversity [Phys.org] More on Grape Genomes: Wine Grapes Haven’t Changed Much Genetically Since Ancient Rome Share This Article 
Over the last ten years, scientists have made some significant discoveries about the human gut microbiome. Unfortunately, making use of these discoveries to improve your health isn’t as simple as drinking a bunch of kombucha, or whatever other products natural health bloggers are raving about these days. That’s because no two guts are completely alike, and what’s good for your gut health isn’t necessarily good for someone else's. So if you want to improve your gut health, you need to start by taking a microbiome test such as the Gut Intelligence Test from Viome. For those who might not know, the human microbiome is the complex ecosystem of microorganisms that live in and on the human body. Over the last 15 years, scientists have discovered that this ecosystem plays a huge role in our overall health. And of particular importance is the gut microbiome, which is the community of symbiotic bacteria and other microorganisms that live in your digestive tract. Recent research has revealed that the gut microbiome affects almost every system in the body, including the digestive system, immune system, and cardiovascular system. Scientists have also found links between gut health and things a lot of us struggle with every day, such as weight management, sleep, and mental clarity, among other things. Weight Loss Scientists can analyze the composition of your gut microbiome and tell with 90 percent accuracy whether or not you are obese. They have also identified specific gut microbes that play a role in keeping obesity at bay. If you’re having trouble losing weight, you may be able to solve your problems by providing nutrients to these specific microbes. Sleep There are a lot of factors that keep us from getting good sleep. Now it turns out your gut could be the culprit. Scientists have found that several strains of bacteria in your gut contribute to your body’s supply of melatonin, the hormone that regulates your sleep-wake cycle. So helping these strains flourish could actually help you sleep better. Mental Clarity Ever been accused of thinking with your stomach? Well, it turns out that, in a way, we all do. Scientists now know that the human gut microbiome plays a significant role in producing neurotransmitters, hormones, proteins, and other compounds vital for sending signals to and from the brain. This means your gut can affect how you feel and think in a very tangible way. Unfortunately, in order to take advantage of these new scientific insights, you have to know the specific microbial makeup of your gut. That’s where Viome comes in. The Viome Gut Intelligent Test is the most advanced microbiome test in the world. It uses advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing technology developed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory for national security purposes to map the strains and species of bacteria, fungi, phages, yeast, parasites, and viruses that make up your unique gut microbiome. And the best part is you take the test from the comfort of your own home. Once you place your order, Viome will send you an easy to use at-home kit to collect your sample. After you return your sample by mail, Viome analyzes it with the aforementioned microbe identification technology to determine how active the organisms in your gut are, and what specific nutrients and toxins they produce from the food you eat. Viome then uses an advanced artificial intelligence algorithm called Vie, which uses a massive and continually growing database of information to create customized dietary recommendations based on your unique results. These recommendations are designed to: • increase microbial species associated with overall wellness • minimize microbial species associated with poor health • create the ideal ratio of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats for your diet • encourage foods that are most compatible with your metabolism • help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight • increase your energy, focus and well-being  Viome helps identify gut activity related to specific areas of concern and gives you status reports on things like digestive efficiency, intestinal barrier health, metabolic fitness, inflammatory activity, and protein fermentation. All test results and dietary recommendations come with detailed explanations. And all are conveniently delivered via the Viome app on your mobile device, making them incredibly easy to put into action. So if you’re ready to take a more scientific approach to gut health, you need to take Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test. And right now the test is 60-percent off the regular price, so there’s never been a better time. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In late August, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology came clean about accepting what it said amounted to $800,000 in donations from recently deceased convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, with MIT President L. Rafael Reif telling staff the money went to either famed MIT physicist Seth Lloyd or the school's prestigious Media Lab. But on Friday, The New Yorker published a bombshell report revealing that the amount of money the MIT Media Lab accepted from Epstein was actually substantially higher — and that the lab's director Joi Ito went to great lengths to conceal the source of the money. Drawing from newly obtained e-mails and other documents, as well as interviews with current and former MIT employees, The New Yorker reported that the Media Lab accepted donations from Epstein long after the university dubbed him a "disqualified" donor — by labeling the donations as coming from an anonymous source. The Media Lab also appears to have used Epstein as a go-between with other donors, including Bill Gates, to secure upwards of $7.5 million in funds. Once again, officials there were careful to leave Epstein's name off the official record. To further disguise the Lab's relationship with Epstein, Ito used only the convicted sex offender's initials on his calendar, despite typically writing out the full names of those with whom he was meeting, the New Yorker wrote, and staff members in the director's office often referred to Epstein only as "Voldemort" or "he who must not be named." On Saturday, Ito resigned from his post as director, and Reif announced the school's intention to support an investigation into the New Yorker's allegations by an independent law firm. "I expect the firm to conduct this review as swiftly as possible," Reif wrote in an email to the MIT community, "and to report back to me and to the Executive Committee of the MIT Corporation, MIT’s governing board." Whether that investigation confirms the New Yorker's findings, disproves them, or even yields new insights into MIT's relationship with Epstein, it's clear the institute's reputation has taken a massive hit in the wake of the sex offender's death — and all because it wasn't willing to leave money on the table, even if it came from the most sordid of sources. READ MORE: How an Elite University Research Center Concealed Its Relationship With Jeffrey Epstein [The New Yorker] More on Jeffrey Epstein: Bizarre MIT Meeting About Jeffrey Epstein Ends in Tears, Yelling Share This Article 
Do you like robots? Don’t bother answering that, everyone likes robots. And if you’re ready to take that love to the next level by building a robot yourself, LEGO has a way for you to build not one, not two, but five specially designed, functional robots with one set of LEGO building bricks. It’s the LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox (17101). The LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox (17101) is 847 pieces that combine into any of five different multi-functional robotic friends, each of which is listed below: “A robot that dances, cracks jokes and passes gas,” Vernie would appear to be the comedy relief wildcard of the group, complete with Groucho-esque eyebrows, which hopefully have their own waggle function. Described as “interactive pet that plays, purrs and expresses its mood,” Frankie is a throwback to the golden age of electronic pets, and this one you can technically pet in real life. And unlike a real pet, you don’t have to remember to feed it -- except batteries, of course. One of the first lessons you learn when you study robotics is that not all robots are anthropomorphic mechanical friends. The M.T.R. 4 is a “robust, versatile rover with four different tool attachments including a spring-loaded shooter,” which the NASA rovers don’t even have. Guitar 4000 is, as its name suggests, a “musical instrument learning toy with pitch bend and sound effects.” Basically, choosing to build it means being rewarded for your hard work with hours and hours of shredding. Quite possibly the highlight of the entire LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox is the aptly named Auto Builder, purportedly a “automated production line that really builds miniature LEGO models” -- that’s right, it’s a LEGO model that builds other LEGO models, the dream of every child now made real. You probably already realize that the LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox is automatic fun, but it’s a good educational tool as well that acts as an introduction to basic engineering concepts. And the free LEGO Boost app lets you code different behaviors for your robot friends and control them remotely, as well. The LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox is recommended for kids aged 7 and up who are interested in learning the basics of robotics, engineering, coding, and other STEM-friendly concepts. The kit is designed to be intuitive and easy to learn, and its five different robot designs give it a longer shelf life than any typical modeling kit. And if you or your kids are hardcore LEGO fans, you might be interested to know the robots in this kit can be combined and used along with the LEGO City 60194 Arctic Scout Truck and the LEGO NINJAGO 70652 Stormbringer for even more complex robotic creations. So if you have a kid in your life who wants to grow up to be a robot-building genius, grab the LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox (17101) right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A VPN is essential for anybody who wants to stay private while using the internet, away from either the prying eyes of advertisers or other even more sinister entities. But choosing one can be easier said than done, with so many different products out there. That particular struggle can now come to an end, though, because you’re about to learn all about TunnelBear VPN, an easy to use virtual private network that turns your online devices into metaphorical tunnels that travel all over the world, scrambling your physical location from online trackers and securing your privacy at the same time. Preventing password and data theft by encrypting your internet connection is only one of the benefits of using TunnelBear. It can also be used to access region-specific content for any region in the world, no matter where you are. And similarly, it can allow users to bypass government censorship by “tunneling” somewhere that doesn’t impose restrictions on the content you’re trying to access. TunnelBear also lets you play games on different servers, prevent your ISP from throttling your internet speed, and even unblock apps and websites that are blocked when you use the internet at school or at work. So be sure to use with caution! TunnelBear lets you browse the internet effectively from any of the following 22 countries across the world: Conversely, you can also use it to “tunnel” back home and use the internet as it is there, provided you live in one of those aforementioned 22 countries. TunnelBear has everything a VPN needs, and much more. It was designed to maximize with a global server network that boasts “no throttling, no buffering, no fuss,” whether you’re browsing social media, streaming online video, or downloading movies and games. It’s also the only VPN out there that publishes regular security audits of its products by independent experts, making its security something you can rely on indefinitely. Then there’s its powerful AES 256-bit encryption that serves as TunnelBear’s default option -- weaker encryption isn’t even available. And it’s works on almost any major computer, smartphone, or tablet -- Apple and iOS, Android, and Windows. You can try TunnelBear for 500mb of data a month, and if you like it you can upgrade at any time for unlimited data. That will cost just $9.99 a month for up to five devices, but you can get it for about half that if you pay by the year, which costs $4.99 a month, or just $417 per month with a two-year plan. And both pricing plans offer priority customer service whenever you need it. So head over to TunnelBear’s official site here and get started right now. And before you know it you’ll probably wonder how you ever used the internet without it. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Deepfakes are becoming so convincing that it's hard to tell them from real videos. And that could soon spell disaster, eroding trust in what we see online. That's why Facebook is teaming up with a consortium of researchers from Microsoft and several prominent research universities for a "Deepfake Detection Challenge." The idea is to build a data set, with the help of human user input, that'll help neural networks detect what is and isn't a deepfake. The end result, if all goes well, will be a system that can reliably fake videos online. Similar data sets already exist for object or speech recognition, but there isn't one specifically made for detecting deepfakes yet. The winning team will even get a prize — presumably a portion of the $10 million Facebook is investing in the challenge. Deepfakes "have significant implications for determining the legitimacy of information presented online," reads a statement by Facebook. "Yet the industry doesn't have a great data set or benchmark for detecting them." To contribute to the challenge, Facebook has decided to commission paid actors to build a realistic data set. "This is a constantly evolving problem, much like spam or other adversarial challenges, and our hope is that by helping the industry and AI community come together we can make faster progress," reads the statement. READ MORE: Facebook is making its own deepfakes and offering prizes for detecting them [TechCrunch] More on deepfakes: Watch a Deepfake That Casts Will Smith as Neo In “The Matrix" Share This Article 
A new survey into Americans' feelings about facial recognition tech found that most are ready to put it into the hands of law enforcement agencies — but it also revealed that the average person's understanding of the capabilities and shortcomings of the tech remains weak. A nationally representative Pew Research Center survey of 4,272 American adults found that 56 percent trust law enforcement agencies to use the tech responsibly, while 59 percent said they'd be in support of its use to monitor public spaces for security threats. Americans were far less supportive of the use of facial recognition by the tech and advertising industries, however. Just 36 percent said they trusted tech companies to use it responsibly, with a scant 5 percent telling Pew they had a "great deal of trust" in the companies.  Even fewer respondents expressed trust in advertisers, with just 18 percent saying they trusted ad companies to use the tech responsibly and only 2 percent placing a "great deal of trust" in the companies. One of the most illuminating sections of the survey explores Americans' belief in the accuracy of today's facial recognition technology. Seventy-three percent of respondents told Pew they believed it's "somewhat" or "very" effective at accurately identifying individuals. Sixty-three percent gave the same response when asked if they thought the tech could accurately identify an individual's gender, while 61 percent thought the same thing about its ability to determine a person's race. Those figures stand in stark contrast to the numerous studies noting the technology's many shortcomings, particularly when tasked with identifying non-men and non-whites. This discrepancy might be explained by yet another section of the survey, one focused on what respondents actually know — or think they know — about facial recognition tech. While a vast majority of respondents — 86 percent — told Pew they'd at least heard something about the tech prior to participating in the survey, just 25 percent claimed to have heard a lot about it. Perhaps the most troubling takeaway, then, is that while most Americans trust law enforcement to use facial recognition technology responsibly, they might not actually know enough about the tech to realize what that use could mean for so many of their fellow citizens. READ MORE: More Than Half of U.S. Adults Trust Law Enforcement to Use Facial Recognition Responsibly [Pew Research Center] More on facial recognition: Amazon’s Facial Recognition Struggles With Darker Skin Share This Article 
I just got hopelessly lost in a bizarre new text adventure game, but for once it wasn't entirely my fault. That's because the game, appropriately named GPT Adventure, is generated as I play by a neural network that was trained on transcripts of existing text adventure games. It's like a strange, dreamlike version of 1970s text adventures like "Zork" or "Adventureland." The game was created by Northwestern University neuroscience graduate student Nathan Whitmore. In his blog, Whitmore writes that he was inspired by the Mind Game, a fictional game generated in real-time by AI in the sci-fi novel "Ender's Game." GPT Adventure — which you can play here — isn't that sophisticated, but the experiment is a fascinating glimpse into the future of procedurally-generated video games. To play, you'll first need to click the "open in playground" link towards the top left of the screen, then hit the "play" arrow icon that appears in the brackets at the start of the setup section. Once it's ready, you can click play and start entering commands. The game uses GPT-2, the infamous fake news-writing algorithm created by OpenAI. Like most AI systems, the game tends to forget what it already told the player, transporting them willy-nilly through various chambers and corridors whether they like it or not. While the experience might be jarring for someone making a serious attempt to "complete" the game — which according to Whitmore has no end — it was a delightful adventure into the metaphorical mind of the AI. At one point, the game informed me that there was a hole in the floor. When I issued the command "jump down hole," the game responded with an unusual plea: "PLEASE, LET ME JUMP DOWN THE HOLE FIRST." I told it that it could go first, and it transported me into a chamber with a cannon full of water that I failed, despite multiple attempts, to drink. I couldn't escape the amorphous coal mine that it trapped me in, so I gave up and said "TELEPORT to Mars." It worked. All in all, Futurism gives this game a 10 out of 10. READ MORE: Shall we play a game? A GPT-2 text adventure [Quick, to the rat cave!] More on GPT-2: OpenAI Just Released a New Version of its Fake News-Writing AI Share This Article 
We may not yet know how to get to Mars exactly, but — as to be expected from a company led by Elon Musk — SpaceX is already several steps ahead. The private space company has leveraged images from NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, an imaging satellite that's currently orbiting Mars, to determine a landing site for its in-development Starship spacecraft — despite the fact that the 180-foot spacecraft's maiden voyage is still years out. Images labelled "Candidate Landing Site for SpaceX #Starship in Arcadia Region" were found in latest data release from @HiRISE. It means @SpaceX is already quietly evaluating best place where to land first Starships on #Mars. We made a map of those sites: https://t.co/fejyWhEtzP pic.twitter.com/wV3ACDbJZx — human Mars 🔴 (@human_Mars) September 1, 2019  Space historian Robert Zimmerman came across images, with the labels "Candidate Landing Site for SpaceX Starship," in data from the NASA orbiter. The images of the Martian surface were taken by a high-res camera system called HiRISE onboard the orbiter, and uploaded to the University of Arizona's website, the institution responsible for operating the camera. SpaceX's search for a landing site dates back to 2017, according to Teslarati. Over the past two years, the company has narrowed its search to a massive plains region called Arcadia Planitia. Five of the six potential landing sites shown in the new images are inside this zone. Previous research suggests that the plains could be covered in abundant amounts of shallow ice at low altitudes. Not only could it provide access to water for subsistence and rocket fuel for a return to Earth, but the plains would be comparatively easy to land in thanks to the lack of geographical obstacles such as large rocks or mountains. The plains' latitude also means that the Arcadia Planitia is warmer, with a milder climate than other regions of Mars. Low altitude also means slightly elevated air pressure, which could act as a protective barrier against harsh radiation. So when will Starship attempt its epic voyage? According to SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, Starship will attempt its first orbital mission as early as 2020 — and head to Mars as soon as 2022. But the company has a gargantuan task ahead of it. A much smaller, scaled-down version of its mammoth Starship spacecraft made its first untethered flight only in July. And according to Musk, a test vehicle twice as big is already in the plans. READ MORE: SpaceX acquires new photos of Starship landing sites with Mars-orbiting NASA satellite [Teslarati] More on Starship: Elon Musk: “Next Gen” Craft Could Be Twice the Size of Starship Share This Article 
Sexual relationships with robots may seem far-off now, but they are coming sooner than you’d think. A leading authority on the psychology of sex and relationships, Dr. Helen Driscoll from the University of Sunderland has done extensive research on the field of “sex tech”. The industry is moving at a fast pace. Mannequins to be used as partners are easy enough to find online, and the first robot with feelings was recently launched. Driscoll sees the robots becoming even more interactive in the future, making them increasingly central to the sex industry. “It could really start to enable mannequin partners to ‘come to life’”, she says. Robophilia may seem odd for now, but our current social norms about sex must have also seemed radical to people a hundred years ago. As virtual reality evolves, a robotic partner will become more and more plausible, perhaps even becoming preferable to a human being. “We tend to think about issues such as virtual reality and robotic sex within the context of current norms,” says Driscoll. While it may seem odd to fall in love with a robot, she states, “the fact is, people already fall in love with fictional characters though there is no chance to meet and interact with them.” In addition to their pleasure giving services, virtual sexual partners can provide psychological benefits to those who live alone, lost a partner, or are unable to find one. However, Driscoll also warns of the inherent danger of reducing real, intimate relationships to virtual and robotic counterparts. “As some people start to prefer technologically enhanced virtual sex to sex with humans, we may also see greater numbers of people living alone, spending more time in virtual reality.” She adds that “currently, the lack of human contact could be harmful. Humans are naturally sociable and a lack of human contact could lead to loneliness which is linked to various mental and physical health problems.” Image by AP Already, there are many young Japanese people avoiding sex and intimate relationships, replacing them with virtual partner apps. Given that robots will always have consent and can be programmed to do anything and everything, it is not far off to imaging our future generations infatuated with robots. “When eventually there are intelligent robots indistinguishable from humans…not only are we likely to choose them over ‘real’ humans but psychologically we will not suffer if we are not able to tell the difference.” Share This Article 
A pair of researchers associated with the U.S. Air Force want to give nuclear codes to an artificial intelligence. Air Force Institute of Technology associate dean Curtis McGiffin and Louisiana Tech Research Institute researcher Adam Lowther, also affiliated with the Air Force, co-wrote an article — with the ominous title "America Needs a 'Dead Hand'" — arguing that the United States needs to develop "an automated strategic response system based on artificial intelligence." In other words, they want to give an AI the nuclear codes. And yes, as the authors admit, it sure sounds a lot like the "Doomsday Machine" from Stanley Kubrick's 1964 satire "Dr. Strangelove." The "Dead Hand" referenced in the title refers to the Soviet Union's semiautomated system that would have launched nuclear weapons if certain conditions were met, including the death of the Union's leader. This time, though, the AI-powered system suggested by Lowther and McGiffin wouldn't even wait for a first strike against the U.S. to occur — it would know what to do ahead of time. "[I]t may be necessary to develop a system based on artificial intelligence, with predetermined response decisions, that detects, decides, and directs strategic forces with such speed that the attack-time compression challenge does not place the United States in an impossible position," they wrote. The attack-time compression is the phenomenon that modern technologies, including highly sensitive radar and near instantaneous communication, drastically reduced the time between detection and decision time. The challenge: modern weapon technologies, particularly hypersonic cruise missiles and vehicles, cut the window even further. "These new technologies are shrinking America’s senior-leader decision time to such a narrow window that it may soon be impossible to effectively detect, decide, and direct nuclear force in time," Lowther and McGiffin argue. The idea is to use an AI-powered solution to negate any surprise capabilities or advantages of retaliatory strikes of the enemy. It would replace what Lowther and McGiffin describe as a "system of systems, processes and people" that "must inevitably be capable of detecting launches anywhere in the world and have the ability to launch a nuclear strike against an adversary." Not surprisingly, points out Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists editor Matt Field, handing over the nuclear codes to an AI could have plenty of negative side effects. One of them is automation bias, as Field points out in his piece. People tend to blindly trust what machines are telling them, even favoring automated decision-making over human decision-making. And then there's the simple fact that the AI doesn't have much data to run on, Field argues. That means that most of the data fed to the AI would be simulated data. And if "Dr. Strangelove" is anything to go by, as long as all major world powers are made aware of the automated system, it could keep them from attacking the United States. Because without that knowledge, it becomes pointless — and risks total annihilation. Or as Dr. Strangelove himself puts it: "of course, the whole point of the doomsday machine is lost if you keep it a secret!" READ MORE: Strangelove redux: US experts propose having AI control nuclear weapons [Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists] More on nuclear weapons: The Russian Orthodox Church May Stop Blessing Nuclear Weapons Share This Article 
On Monday, the European Space Agency (ESA) tweeted that it had to perform a "collision avoidance" maneuver to avoid a crash with one of SpaceX's Starlink satellites. SpaceX knew about the potential collision, Holger Krag, head of the ESA's Space Debris Office, told Forbes — but refused to do anything about it and wouldn't say why. According to the Forbes story, the U.S. military noticed that one of SpaceX's Starlink satellites had a 1 in 1,000 chance of colliding with the ESA's Aeolus Earth observation satellite. The Pentagon informed both agencies of the potential collision, and although the ESA's satellite had been occupying the region for nine months longer than the Starlink satellite, SpaceX told the ESA via email that it didn't plan to take any action to prevent the collision and didn't offer any explanation as to why. This prompted the ESA to perform the avoidance maneuver, which it does regularly to avoid collisions with dead satellites or space junk — but rarely to avoid active satellites and never before to prevent a collision with a mega constellation of them. But the fracas raises the possibility that similar maneuvers might become more regular in the future. While SpaceX's Starlink mega constellation currently consists of fewer than 60 satellites, it could eventually launch upwards of 12,000 as part of its plan to deliver broadband internet to the entire globe — and that could dramatically increase the risk of collisions. "We are not upset by them saying [they wouldn't move]," Krag told Forbes. "My concern is how often will we have such events in the future? These are just two satellites. Now they will add several thousand, and they will also be disposed and end up at various altitudes. And there's no rule or law on how to react, it's all goodwill." To prepare for a future in which potential Starlink crashes are far more common, the ESA is now exploring the use of artificial intelligence to automate its collision avoidance systems, tweeting that such a system is "becoming necessary to protect our space infrastructure." According to Engadget, the Starlink satellites are already equipped with automated collision avoidance systems, so perhaps SpaceX's decision to do nothing was part of a plan to see if those systems would work as intended, by automatically adjusting the satellite's path without SpaceX manually intervening. That could explain why SpaceX didn't provide the ESA with a reason for its inaction — it's hard to imagine the agency would've been OK with SpaceX risking the ESA's $560 million satellite in order to test its own AI. READ MORE: A European Satellite Had to Fire Thrusters to Avoid Colliding With a SpaceX Satellite [Time] More on Starlink: SpaceX Just Unleashed 60 Starlink Satellites Into Orbit Share This Article 
When it comes to teaching people a little something about humanity at large, the science fiction genre manages to enlighten our minds time and again. From Ray Bradbury’s “Fahrenheit 451” to Aldous Huxley’s “Brave New World,” this type of literature offers an intimate commentary on both human nature and our modern world. Thanks to the works of these writers and the success of iconic films like the Star Wars, sci-fi has become apart of the mainstream. Because of that, it’s now a genre regarded for its sweeping visions of where we’re headed as a society. And Tal M. Klein’s book, The Punch Escrow, a thrilling story about a future society where teleportation has run amok, is no exception The Punch Escrow tackles life in the 22nd century (2147 to be exact), where current problems such as pollution and diseases are managed by a plethora of technological advances. One such advancement  is teleportation, a concept first popularized by Star Trek. Now, the world’s premier mode of transportation, teleportation simplifies much of human life. However, like most advances, teleportation is abused by human beings, and comes with a dark side that Klein brilliantly unfolds in the plot of The Punch Escrow. The protagonist, Joel Byram, is an AI specialist who finds himself on the receiving end of bad news. While teleporting, he’s somehow been duplicated, making him a target of both the establishment who controls the cutting edge transporting technology and his evil doppelganger. The author, Tal M. Klein, was born in Israel, grew up in New York, and currently lives in Detroit with his wife and two daughters. When she was five years old, his daughter Iris wrote a book called “I’m a Bunch of Dinosaurs” that went on to become one of the most successful children's book projects on Kickstarter ―something that Tal explained to Iris by telling her, “your book made lots of kids happy.” Iris then suggested he write a book "that makes lots of grownups happy?" Tal mulled this over and eventually wrote his first novel, The Punch Escrow. It won the Inkshares Geek & Sundry Hard Science Fiction publishing contest, and was the first book published on the Geek & Sundry imprint. Klein also used technology to his advantage by crowdfunding the money to publish The Punch Escrow. Outside of the critical acclaim and rave reviews, The Punch Escrow has drawn, its most important reviews from the audience that funded its initial run. Soif you’re a sci-fi fan looking for something new to sink your teeth into, consider The Punch Escrow. It was dubbed the “next Ready Player One,” by former Warner Brothers President Greg Silverman, and is now in development as a film at Lionsgate. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On the International Space Station, clusters of nerve cells called mini-brains are developing in ways that scientists didn't previously think was possible. The organoids were grown from stem cells at the University of California, San Diego lab of biologist Alysson Muotri, before being packed into a box and shipped to space, where Muotri told The New York Times they're likely "replicating like crazy." Now, his team has found that the organoids are giving off brain waves — complex patterns of neural activity — similar to those of premature babies. It's a bizarre finding that could force scientists to revisit the limitations of lab-grown mini-organs and the ethical issues surrounding them. Muotri hooked the mini-brains up to spider-shaped robots to read their neural activity, according to the NYT. The findings could be a sign that scientists are approaching the capability to generate at least partially-conscious life in the lab — a development that's long been little more than a speculative horror story in the field. "The closer we come to his goal, the more likely we will get a brain that is capable of sentience and of feeling pain, agony and distress," Christof Koch, chief scientist and president of the Allen Brain Institute, told the NYT. The human brain is so complex that scientists are still guessing at many aspects of how it works. That's the appeal of mini-brains — they're comparatively simple balls of neurons that simulate some characteristics of full brains but which barely scratch the surface of their capabilities. But this new study, published Thursday in the journal Cell, suggests that the mini-brains could be more complex than previously believed. "There are some of my colleagues who say, 'No, these things will never be conscious,'" Muotri told the NYT. "Now I'm not so sure." If these brain waves are a sign that organoids could be capable of consciousness, neuroscientists will need to grapple with a major ethical dilemma — as continued experimentation would potentially mean creating and destroying self-aware, human-like life. But we may not be there yet, cautioned University of Southern California biologist Giorgia Quadrato, who wasn't involved in the new study. "It's pretty amazing. No one really knew if that was possible," Quadrato told the NYT, before clarifying that it didn't conclude that the mini-brains reached human levels of activity. "People will say, 'Ah, these are like the brains of preterm infants,'" she said. "No, they are not." READ MORE: Organoids Are Not Brains. How Are They Making Brain Waves? [The New York Times] More on space biology: SpaceX Is Sending Living Bits of Human Organs to Space Share This Article 
On Monday, YouTube filed a lawsuit against a Nebraska man for allegedly abusing the platform's copyright takedown process. According to the suit, Omaha's Christopher Brady filed false copyright notices against at least three popular "Minecraft" streamers. He then attempted to extort money from the YouTubers — and even launched a swatting attack against one. For those unfamiliar with swatting, it's a form of criminal harassment in which a vindictive person contacts emergency services to falsely report a serious crime, such as a hostage situation, at the address of their target. The goal is to get armed law enforcement officials dispatched to that address — and past efforts have resulted in officers shooting and even killing swatting victims. In this case, YouTube claims Brady filed two false copyright notices against each of the three streamers. He then threatened to file a third claim — which would trigger YouTube to terminate the streamers' accounts — if they didn't send him surprising small sums of money, ranging from $150 to $300 or $75 to $200 worth of bitcoin. Brady's con was admittedly clever. When one of his targets filed a formal counter-notice to get their content reinstated, they had to provide their real name and address as part of the paperwork. YouTube then passed that information along to Brady — standard procedure so anyone with a legitimate copyright claim can file a lawsuit against an offender. Within a week, the streamer tweeted that they had been the victim of swatting — and if courts agree with YouTube that that timing couldn't have been coincidental, Brady could be forced to pay out far more than he expected to take in through his malicious actions. READ MORE: Man sued for using bogus YouTube takedowns to get address for swatting [Ars Technica] More on YouTube: YouTube Accidentally Removed Robot Battle Videos for "Animal Cruelty" Share This Article 
Popular video platform YouTube took down a number of combat robotics videos — robot vs. robot competitions popularized by the show "BattleBots" — on the grounds that they include "deliberate infliction of animal suffering or the forcing of animals to fight," including "cock fighting." A recent video by YouTube channel "Maker's Muse" brought the strange phenomenon to light, and a YouTube spokesperson confirmed to Futurism that the takedowns were made in error. Error or not, it's an odd example of the fallibility of automated algorithms that do the dirty work for platforms at scale: weeding out the truly bad content — including hate speech, outright violence against animals and so on — on social media. The engineers behind the weapon-wielding, remote-controlled bots were upset by YouTube's decision to take down their content. Graduate research assistant and PhD candidate at MIT and BattleBots contestant Jamison Go wrote in a public Facebook post that "today is a sad day. Robot builders across the world cried out in agony as YouTube's algorithm falsely identified personal videos of robot sport as 'animal cruelty' and 'cock fighting.'" While the videos mentioned in Maker's Muse's video were back up at press time, a YouTube spokesperson did confirm that they were taken down — but that "these removals were in error." "With the massive volume of videos on our site, sometimes we make the wrong call," the spokesperson told Futurism. "When it's brought to our attention that a video has been removed mistakenly, we act quickly to reinstate it." And no, YouTube's automated algorithms don't have an inherent vendetta against robot on robot violence. "We have no policies that prohibit videos of robots fighting," the YouTube spokesperson said. Now, the videos seem to be coming back. "The situation seems to be resolving itself," Sarah Pohorecky, MIT graduate and fellow BattleBots team member whose content was temporarily removed by YouTube, told Futurism in an email. "My video and some of my friends' videos reappeared this morning with no notice or statement from YouTube." But appealing YouTube's decision was a major pain. "It was a headache, and there's always the risk that the appeal will be rejected and the video lost or the channel deleted," Pohorecky added in a follow up. "It seems that this is probably just a poorly-trained video-recognition AI, and nothing malicious, but it's been a headache and a big worry for the builders in the combat robotics community." Like it or not, YouTube is a driving force in mass media. A recent poll found that teens trust YouTube more than traditional journalists when it comes to everyday news. And, to be fair, YouTube has a bit of a history of taking down videos and even terminating entire channels wrongfully claiming they violated copyright. "Combat robotics — they're not 'autonomous robots' or anything, they're remote-controlled robots at the end of the day, with armor and weapons," said Angus Deveson, the man behind Maker's Muse on YouTube at the end of his video. "And they are a fantastic tool for education and engineering." READ MORE: YouTube Reportedly Deleting Battlebot Videos Citing Animal Fighting Ban [CBR] More on YouTube: Teens Now Trust YouTubers More Than Journalists Share This Article 
Here's a simple how-to on how to construct a traversable cosmic wormhole that could send your spaceship to the furthest reaches of space: take two charged black holes, place them back to back, and thread two cosmic strings through both. Stretch both strings to infinity and presto! You've got yourself a traversable wormhole. Confused yet? A team of astrophycisists dreamed up this solution, which could technically send travelers to a distant corner of the universe, in a preprint paper on arXiv earlier this month — and Ohio State University astrophysicist Paul Sutter published a terrific breakdown of the concept in Live Science. The barebones: a charged black hole, which is a theoretical black hole that carries an electric charge and has an oppositely charged black hole on the other end of it, will act as our wormhole. But there's a catch, before you decide to just jump into that wormhole: wormholes are by nature incredibly unstable. To make sure either charged end stays fully stretched out, a pair of cosmic strings — hypothetical, one dimensional defects in space-time — could hold them in place. Unfortunately, cosmic strings are also not a great travelling companion. "You never want to encounter one yourself, since they would slice you clean in half like a cosmic lightsaber, but you don't have to worry much since we're not even sure they exist, and we've never seen one out there in the universe," Sutter wrote. Phew! While wormholes — and cosmic strings — have yet to be proven to exist, Russian physicists suggest that we could measure their shape by looking at the ripples they leave behind in space-time. Unfortunately, these ripples or gravitational waves could sap black holes' mass and cause them to eventually collapse in on themselves. But the hope is that the strung-up wormhole could be stable for just enough time to send something or someone — say Matthew McConaughey's character in Christopher Nolan's 2014 space movie "Interstellar" — on a hell of a journey. READ MORE: Physicists Just Released Step-by-Step Instructions for Building a Wormhole [Live Science] More on black holes: Astronomers Just Spotted One of the Biggest Black Holes Ever Share This Article 
In 2017, the Cassini spacecraft plunged into Saturn, ending an exploratory mission that had lasted nearly two decades. But even that final act has proven incredibly useful to scientists, some of whom have now used the data from Cassini's final transmission to make a remarkable discovery about Saturn: the gas giant's liquid interior might be viscous, flowing "like honey." First, here's some of what we already knew about Saturn prior to Cassini's death dive. The gas giant has a solid metallic core surrounded by a layer of rocky material. That, in turn, is surrounded by a layer of liquid metallic hydrogen enveloped by a layer of liquid hydrogen. Beyond all of that is a layer of gases, with powerful winds known as jet streams swirling around Saturn's atmosphere. When Cassini dove into Saturn, it measured the planet's gravitational field. Using those measurements, scientists determined that the jet streams stopped about 8,500 kilometers (5,281 miles) inside the planet — but no one knew why the winds stopped at that particular depth. Now, in a new study published in the journal Physical Review Fluids, an international team of researchers details a theoretical model of Saturn that they say could provide the answer. "Deep into Saturn, where the pressure is high, the gas becomes a liquid that conducts electricity and is more strongly influenced by the planet's magnetic field," researcher Navid Constantino said in a press release. "An electrically conducting, flowing liquid will bend or distort a magnetic field. We showed that the distortion of the magnetic field makes the fluid more viscous, like honey." The researchers believe this viscosity might be the reason the jet streams can't reach any further into Saturn. And while they plan to conduct more studies to test the theory, they're already encouraged by the results they've seen so far. "The mysteries of what goes on inside Saturn and the other gas giants in our Solar System are now slowly starting to be unveiled," Constantinou said. "Our findings provide a promising way for interpreting the data from planetary missions and offer a better understanding of the planets in our Solar System and beyond." READ MORE: Wind mystery inside gas giant Saturn begins to unravel [Australian National University] More on Cassini: It’s Official: Cassini Just Completed Its Death Dive Into Saturn Share This Article 
We don't appreciate what we have until it's gone. Or, sometimes, until it's almost gone. So consider this fair warning: it's just about time to start appreciating the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia, which is once again the subject of some doom-and-gloom findings. Half of the Great Barrier Reef has bleached (read: died) due to global warming (read: our fault) since 2016, according to research published yesterday in Nature. The damage was greater than what would have been if it were just local weather or other short-term events, the researchers found. This puts a serious dent in scientists' forecast of the reef's long-term stability. If you're a fan of things like less carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, biodiversity, and coasts that aren't rapidly eroded, this is bad news. Which is why the researchers behind the study are calling for regulators to give the reef the same kinds of protections as they would to a species on the verge of extinction. Often, when a plant or animal is on the verge of extinction, it is granted the legal protections of the Endangered Species Act. It's intended to protect the organism itself, plus a bit of the habitat. This happens regardless of whether the forces pushing the species to die off are natural (why can’t we get pandas to bone?) or if it’s entirely our fault as we alter the climate too dramatically for the organisms to keep up (hang in there, polar bears!). Over the past few years, researchers at the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has begun ranking entire ecosystems the way we would species. Their Red List of Ecosystems, which they hope to complete by 2025, notes specific ecosystems of interest from “Least Concern” to “Endangered” all the way to “Collapsed” — the ecosystem equivalent of going extinct. Listing ecosystems this way could help conservation groups prioritize their money and other resources. But one thing it doesn't do? Actually protect a precarious ecosystem. There's no law to keep people from driving their boats over a reef, or logging a rainforest. Even if countries do pass a law, it only applies within a country's borders; ecosystems often don't fit quite so neatly within those. International treaties intended to mitigate climate change exist, but participation is voluntary. The International Union for Conservation of Nature can provide evidence-based recommendations. These are valuable, no question. But scientists have been providing legislators with recommendations for decades. And compared to the endless piles of cash from fossil fuel lobbyists, those recommendations haven’t gotten us too far. In order to truly bring about change, conservation groups will need to lobby for legal protections to conserve large ecosystems in the same way they do individual species. This study shows they may have to work more loudly and quickly than they previously thought. Share This Article 
The solar energy industry has grown exponentially over the last decade, and it’s not because consumers have become more environmentally conscious. It’s because the costs of going solar have gone way down thanks to government incentives like the 2019 solar tax credit, which lets you deduct 30 percent of the value of any solar energy system you install off your yearly tax bill. Unfortunately, the solar tax credit is set to drop in 2020, and will be phased out completely over the next few years. So if you want to take full advantage of these savings before it’s too late, you need to get started with Understand Solar today. Understand Solar is a third-party solar power advocate. That means they don’t sell or install solar energy systems. Their job is to help the solar industry expand by educating consumers and making it easier for them to navigate the solar marketplace. If you’re new to solar energy, Understand Solar will teach you everything you need to know. They’ll teach you how solar energy systems work, how they connect to the public grid, how much solar panels cost, and how long solar panels last. They’ll also give you an overview of all the equipment you need, all the financing and leasing options available, and how the 2019 solar tax credit works. When you’re ready to take the next step, Understand Solar will then provide you with a personalized solar energy assessment. All you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. After that, an Understand Solar expert will contact you via phone and go over your assessment, answering any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. It may turn out that solar energy isn’t right for you at all. If that’s the case, your Understand Solar representative will explain why. However, you might discover that you actually stand to lose money in the long run if you don’t go solar. Generally speaking, retrofitting a home for solar energy immediately increases its property value. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1% to the value of the average home, with higher rates occurring in major urban areas. Another study that buyers are generally willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another study concluded that, assuming your house gets enough light, you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar installed. When you factor in the projected long term electricity rate hikes, over the course of 20 years an investment in solar energy can easily outperform traditional investments in the stock market. Your Understand Solar representative will help you understand if solar is a good fit for you and lay out all your options. Then, if you wish to proceed, they’ll help you arrange in-home estimates with experienced installers in your area. Want to find out if solar energy can reduce your energy bill and add immediate value to your home? Don’t wait until the 2019 solar tax credit expires. Go to UnderstandSolar.com right now and fill out their simple online form. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Artificial intelligence is really good at generating images of the human face — something algorithms can learn to do after studying thousands and thousands of headshots. That's how we end up with AI-reconstructed portraits, stylistic AI-generated caricatures and anime portraits, and believable images of people who never actually existed. The latest iteration of this trend comes in the form of a new paper published to the preprint server ArXiv last week that describes a new algorithm capable of taking an extremely pixelated face and churning out a photorealistic headshot of what the original person may have looked like. The algorithm, built by engineers from the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, uses a new technology called Face Super-Resolution to rebuild high-resolution facial features out of blurry pictures. It has terrifying implications for facial recognition systems built into surveillance cameras — but we're here to talk about a different kind of nightmare. AI expert Jonathan Fly noticed that Twitter emojis are the perfect size for the de-blurring algorithm, so he fed them into the system and documented the terrifying results in his blog, I Forced a Bot. When tasked with turning pixelated emojis into human faces, the algorithm instead generated an army of nightmare creatures. When there were no discernable human features for the algorithm to latch onto, it made its own — like with a slice of pizza that now sports screaming red human mouths instead of pepperonis. An emoji of an anguished face turned into a yellow-skinned old man with a gaping maw of a mouth lined by razor-sharp fangs. Other circular, yellow emojis were subjected to similar changes. The family of three emoji turned into horrifying, wrinkled monsters that looked like they were wearing skins as ill-fitting suits, as did most other humanoid emojis. Interestingly enough, the algorithm fared far better on Twitch emojis, most likely because they were more photorealistic to begin with, meaning that they would have more-nearly resembled the Face Super-Resolution algorithm's normal input. But all that went away when Fly pivoted to video game sprites — the algorithm turned a goomba into a swirling mess, and the characters from "Mike Tyson's Punch-Out" were so mangled and distorted that they looked like they had all taken several beatings in a row. Sometimes they blurred together with the scenery behind them, illustrating face-recognizing AI's inability to understand the other objects that appear in headshots like glasses, jewelry, or in this case a boxing ring's ropes. And Sonic? He might look even worse than in that much-criticized live action trailer. READ MORE: ENHANCE! ‘Photo-Realistic’ Emojis and Emotes With Progressive Face Super-Resolution [I Forced a Bot…] More on AI-generated images: Amazing AI Generates Entire Bodies of People Who Don’t Exist Share This Article 
In China, a three-digit number between 350 and 950 can determine whether a person's loan application is approved, whether they can travel outside the nation's borders, and even whether they're able to land a date for Friday night. That number is their social credit score, and they earn it through a system China began implementing in 2014. Under the social credit system, if a Chinese citizen does something authorities deem "good" — paying bills on time, for example, or donating blood regularly — their score might increase. Conversely, if they do something "bad," such as criticize the government or walk their dog without a leash, their score might drop. Many Americans might find the power of China's social credit system astonishing. But a newly published Fast Company story argues that people in the U.S. are already beholden to a similar system — it's just established and enforced by private companies instead of the government. The magazine provides several examples to bolster the claim. Life insurance companies can now base a person's premiums on the content of their social media feeds, for example. Meanwhile, a company called PatronScan maintains a list of "objectionable customers" that bars and restaurants can use to exclude certain visitors. And that's nothing compared to larger platforms. Airbnb now has more than 6 million listings, so a ban from that app can dramatically impact a person's ability to find accommodations. And Airbnb can ban anyone it wants to — it doesn't even need to give them a reason. Uber can also ban users, stifling their ability to travel, while a ban by WhatsApp or a similar service can negatively impact someone's ability to communicate with the rest of the world. According to Fast Company, the "most disturbing" aspect of the U.S.'s social credit system is that these punishments are all levied outside the official justice system. "[I]t’s an alternative legal system where the accused have fewer rights," the outlet wrote, later adding that if "current trends hold, it’s possible that in the future a majority of misdemeanors and even some felonies will be punished not by Washington, D.C., but by Silicon Valley." READ MORE: Uh-oh: Silicon Valley is building a Chinese-style social credit system [Fast Company] More on social credit: China’s Social Credit System Barred Millions from Traveling in 2018 Share This Article 
With the growing popularity of lifestyle overhauls provided by concepts like the KonMari Method, Americans are discovering the joys of minimalism. Instead of owning a variety of things you don’t actually want, need, or like, you focus on the items that spark joy in your life. This breaks down our ability to be overwhelmed by the things we own, so they don't end up owning us. Conceptually, when you only purchase things you need, you simplify your life. This idea was popularized by tech icon Steve Jobs who famously wore black turtlenecks and jeans everywhere. While you may not be able to pull this off in your work environment, you can choose to spend your money in a way where you never have to think about what you're wearing to work again. That's where Ministry Of Supply's Kinetic Pants come in. Ministry Of Supply designed these Kinetic Pants to be the most flattering in your closet. That's because their resilient Japanese warp-knit Kinetic fabric gives unrivaled mobility, responds to your movements throughout the day, and always bounces back. It's also made from Japanese Primeflex® polyester, a warp-knit fabric that has the feel and structure of a woven fabric, and the breathability and stretch of a knit. Wrinkle-free and machine washable without any chemical treatments, Kinetic fabrics retain their shape and structure longer than traditional wovens. Once you wear Kinetic Pants you won't be able to go back to other fabrics. This is not only because of their universally flattering fit, but also because they are moisture-wicking, wrinkle-resistant, incredibly stretchy, and super resilient. Ministry of Supply's Kinetic Pants have a universally flattering fit thanks not only to the fabric used, but also their superior design. The pants come in two cuts: standard and slim. The Standard-Fit is a contemporary straight cut that looks good on most body types. Plus, they are designed to provide breathing room without being baggy. Likewise, the Slim-Fit has a more tailored cut than the Standard-Fit, so they perfectly hug your body like they were made for you. Because of this, the Slim-Fit is tapered from the thigh through the leg opening for a slender look that’s is not too tight. Regardless of the cut, each pair of Kinetic Pants are all cut long and finished with a simple hem so they can be easily tailored. As an added bonus, Ministry of Supply will reimburse (via store credit) for any hemming that must be done. Ministry of Supply's Kinetic Pants implement a state of the art fabric and design to ensure a perfect fit and look, and much more. They'll always be ready to go. There's no need for dry cleaning or ironing. This is because the Japanese Primeflex® polyester is wrinkle-resistant as long as you're wearing them. This is because they uses your own body heat to release and relax wrinkles within fifteen minutes, all without the use of harmful chemicals. Additionally, a hydrophilic interior pulls moisture away from the body and a hydrophobic exterior evaporates that moisture. This is what makes the Kinetic Pants repel water and moisture wick, so you stay so fresh and clean all day long, no matter how stressed or busy you get. Plus, if you act now you can purchase three pairs of these amazing Kinetic Pants for $365 with the coupon code 3Pants at checkout. This way you can buy enough pants to get through the week and effectively minimize your wardrobe and declutter your life. Who doesn't want to streamline the process of getting dressed in the morning? It's one less thing to think about while looking and feeling confident. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Remember when you used to be able to find educational and entertaining shows on networks like The Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, or The History Channel? Most of these networks have succumbed to modern trends in reality shows, but there is a corner of the streaming universe that caters to those of us who still have a zest for learning. It’s called CuriosityStream, and right now you can try it out for one week absolutely free. Once you try CuriosityStream, you’ll have access to thousands of shows covering a wide variety of educational topics in fields like science, history, nature, technology, and much more. Shows like The Secrets of Quantum Physics, The Rise and Fall of T-Rex, Stephen Hawking’s Favorite Places, and many, many more, all available for your viewing pleasure no matter where you are in the world, thanks to CuriosityStream’s novel lack of any regional restrictions of any kind on programming. If you’re content with high-definition streaming (as opposed to ultra-HD in 4K resolution), CuriosityStream will cost you as little as $19.99, or $2.99 monthly. This gives you access to CuriosityStream’s incredible library of documentary programming, with thousands of shows and more being added all the time -- like The Woodstock Bus, a 79-minute exploration that would make perfect 2019 viewing for the anniversary of that iconic rock concert. But if you’re a true videophile, you may yearn for CuriosityStream’s programming in higher definition. Good news: You can get it, priced at just $9.99 a month, or $69.99 a year if you sign up for an annual plan. And of course, you can try the Premium 4K streaming plan for free for seven days, too. A year’s worth of documentary films and shows on CuriosityStream pretty much sells itself, especially at such low prices compared to other streaming platforms. But maybe you need a little extra push to talk yourself into it. CuriosityStream has you covered there, too. For a limited time, you can get a $10 gift card for signing up for either of the annual plans. Not a bad bonus for signing up for such a great service. CuriosityStream is the work of one John Hendricks, who founded The Discovery Channel way back in the day. And he’s bringing the same approach to blending entertainment and education to CuriosityStream, much to the benefit of curious viewers everywhere. And you can watch it on a plethora of streaming devices, including Apple and Android tablets, LG, Sony, Vizio, and Samsung smart TVs, to Apple TV, Roku TV, Amazon Fire TV, and Chromecast, and the Xbox One. If your daily diet of TV is a little heavy on mindless entertainment, and a little light on information (and whose isn’t?), CuriosityStream is a perfect way to improve it. And you can give it a try for free right now by heading over to the service’s official site and signing up. Get started now, and prepare to be amazed at the breadth and depth of CuriosityStream’s unparalleled programming library. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Garlic is a fluffy feline furball with a pink nose and tiny gray ears — just like the cat he was cloned from. "My cat died of urinary tract disease," Garlic's owner Huang Yu told the Global Times. "I decided to clone him because he was so special and unforgettable." But while Garlic is biologically identical to his predecessor, he's not the same cat — he has his own personality and is forming his own memories. Now that China's Sinogene Biotechnology Company has unveiled the nation's first cloned cat, however, it says the next level will be to use artificial intelligence to transfer memories from a beloved pet to its clone. Sinogene's general manager told attendees at a press conference on Monday that "to make the cloned animal share the same memories with the original, the company is considering the use of artificial intelligence or man-machine interface technology to store them or even pass the memories to cloned animals," wrote the Global Times, a paper run by the Chinese communist party. While there's no telling whether that's even technologically possible, the fact that Sinogene is even looking into it could be taken as a sign that there's a demand for pets that are identical — in both body and spirit — to their predecessors. And that's disturbing on a number of levels. Cloning pets is already controversial — scientists have claimed that cloned animals aren't as healthy, with shorter lifespans than naturally born animals, while some animal activists have argued that cloning pets is unethical given the number of shelter animals in need of homes. Still, that hasn't stopped Barbra Streisand, Simon Cowell, and an untold number of non-celebrities from shelling out thousands of dollars to have their beloved pets seemingly brought back to life. Meanwhile, Garlic is barely a month old, and Sinogene says it already has "several" pet owners ready to pay approximately 250,000 yuan ($35,400) to have their own cats cloned. And if the company can figure out how to clone pets' memories, too, there's no telling how many animals will waste away in shelters while grieving pet owners turn to science for help filling the cat-shaped holes in their hearts with potentially unhealthy knock-offs. READ MORE: Chinese gene firm clones cat, sparking wide consumer interest [Global Times] More on cloned pets: Pet Cloning Is Getting Cheaper — but It’s Still Horrifying Share This Article 
Here's an explosive situation: An Austrian team of scientists are proposing an airship, otherwise known as a zeppelin, that's ten times the size of the Hindenburg — the 800-foot German passenger airship that infamously caught fire in 1937, ending in a disaster, while landing in New Jersey. Despite their inherent dangers, zeppelins could revolutionize cargo transportation in the 21st century, the scientists argue. For one, according to a terrific NBC News feature on the project, hydrogen-filled zeppelins could greatly reduce carbon dioxide emissions from the maritime shipping industry. Thanks to the tenfold increase in dimensions, its capacity to lift cargo could increase 1000 fold, the team argues in a paper submitted to the September issue of the journal Energy Conversion and Management. The airship could also be much quicker than cargo ships. The idea is to harness powerful jet stream winds at altitudes between ten and 20 kilometers where winds reach an average of 165 km/h. In fact, the proposed zeppelins could circle the entire planet in as little as two weeks according to the paper — while hauling more than 20,000 tons of cargo. "I didn’t invent this," Julian Hunt, a postdoctoral fellow at the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis in Laxenburg, Austria, told NBC, referring to the idea of harnessing the power of strong air currents. "The Hindenburg used to do it. They had this path which would go from New York to Tokyo and then come back,” he said. “The jet stream hasn’t changed much in 100 years." But rather than relying on "cow intestines to build the gas bags," according to Hunt, the technology to build zeppelins has vastly improved since the Hindenburg disaster. Today, technologies like carbon fiber could greatly increase the structural rigidity of airships' hulls. We've also got far more detailed weather data and forecasting systems. Still, plenty of risks remain despite these advancements. Hydrogen is hydrogen — a flammable gas that could still end in disaster even 82 years after the Hindenburg's demise that killed 36 people. Today's much smaller blimps rely on inert helium gas, but it's a resource that's far more expensive to extract. Hunt's solution: autonomous operation. "The idea would be that the whole process would be automated so that in case you have an accident, no one will be injured — only the equipment and the cargo," Hunt told NBC News. Despite critics, zeppelins are experiencing a bit of a renaissance these days. The world's largest aircraft, the Airlander 10 or otherwise known as the "flying bum" thanks to its suggestive shape, took flight for over central England for the first time in August 2016. But it's still dwarfed by the Hindenburg, since it measures only 302 feet and can only carry only ten tons. Even the likes of Google co-founder Sergey Brin are on board to build a massive airship. According a The Guardian report from 2017, Brin is planning to build "the world's biggest aircraft" on an airfield owned by NASA. Despite its planned length of nearly 200 meters, it'd still be smaller than the Hindenburg. READ MORE: Zeppelins stopped flying after the Hindenburg disaster. Now scientists want to bring them back. [NBC News] More on zeppelins: Google’s Co-Founder Is Building a Gargantuan $150 Million Blimp Share This Article 
It has been said that one of the most important purchases you'll make is a mattress. In an ideal world, you’ll be spending upwards of a third of your life on top of it, so this is a case where quality really does matter. This is especially true if you lead any kind of active lifestyle, since your nightly is even more important in terms of rest and recovery. That's why the original Molecule mattress was specifically engineered to optimize both recovery and comfort. And now the latest model, the Molecule 2, is taking things to the next level. The first thing you’re likely to notice about the Molecule 2 mattress is its CONTOURFLO layer, which is the literal foundation of the mattress. Engineered for maximum support, it provides a firm bottom layer that promotes healthy spine alignment. And like every other part of the mattress, it was built to be breathable and comfortable. On top of the CONTOURFLO layer, you have the RECOVERYFLO layer, which is comprised of three inches of precise 3D surface engineered to respond to and provide perfect support for five different zones of your body, covering everything from your head to your legs. On top of that, there’s the MOLECULARFLO layer, which is made from Molecule's “most advanced proprietary foam.” This layer exists to maximize airflow and temperature regulation as you sleep, with seven times the airflow of a traditional memory foam mattress that provides a cooler, more comfortable sleeping experience. That's an upgrade that anyone who’s ever slept on an traditional, heat-magnet mattress can appreciate. All three of the Molecule mattress’s layers are topped off by the Molecule advanced comfort cover, which is itself an innovation over the usual mattress cover. It features both heat and moisture wicking technologies and a temperature-sensitive polymer that responds to your body’s shifting temp as you sleep. It adjusts things like evaporation and cooling to ensure the most comfortable and recuperative night’s sleep possible. One famous athlete who swears by Molecule is NFL quarterback Tom Brady. But you’ll have to try one for yourself to really understand why. Luckily, that's easy to do, since you can try a Molecule 2 mattress for 100 nights completely risk-free, and return it for a full refund if you’re not satisfied. The technologically advanced foam that makes each Molecule 2 mattress such a great place to spend the night is manufactured in the USA, and meets robust environmentally sustainable standards. And technology called Variable Pressure Foaming is used, which reduces emissions by some 97 percent compared to traditional manufacturing methods. So you can also rest easy knowing you’re not harming the environment in the name of a good night’s sleep. So click here to head over to the brand’s official site, and check out what makes the Molecule 2 mattress special, including the aforementioned risk-free 100 night trial, the “Infinity Warranty,” and 0-percent financing. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Microsoft has admitted that it let human contractors review Xbox users' private conversations — but says it halted the practice long before Vice published a story exposing it on Wednesday. "We stopped reviewing any voice content taken through Xbox for product improvement purposes a number of months ago, as we no longer felt it was necessary," a Microsoft spokesperson told Vice in a statement, "and we have no plans to restart those reviews." The Microsoft contractors, who spoke to Vice anonymously, said they were hired to review audio picked up by the company's voice-activated assistant. Usually, the recordings were commands triggered by the user saying "Xbox" or "Hey, Cortana." But sometimes, the recordings appeared to have been unintentionally triggered, giving the contractors odd glimpses into the lives of total strangers. One contractor told Vice that most of the voices they heard in the Xbox recordings sounded like children. This is just the latest example of major tech companies coming under fire for letting human contractors review audio recorded by their voice assistants. Contractors for Google, Apple, and Facebook have all admitted to media outlets that they reviewed or transcribed audio recorded by the companies' devices — and all of those tech giants subsequently announced plans to put a stop to the practice, at least temporarily. Amazon, meanwhile, began letting users opt out of its human review program after it was exposed. This isn't even the first time Microsoft has been caught letting contractors listen to users' audio — Vice recently revealed that humans also review Skype calls for the company. But unlike its peers, Microsoft seems to be the one company not backing away from its human review program after it became public knowledge. After the Skype reveal, it merely updated its privacy policy to let users know that humans might listen in when they use Skype or Cortana-enabled devices. Then, immediately after telling Vice that Microsoft stopped reviewing Xbox audio to improve its products "months ago," the spokesperson added a caveat. "We occasionally review a low volume of voice recordings sent from one Xbox user to another when there are reports that a recording violated our terms of service and we need to investigate," they said. "This is done to keep the Xbox community safe and is clearly stated in our Xbox terms of service." Based on this response and those of the other tech giants, another thing is becoming clear: major tech companies don't seem to have any real intention of keeping their users' private conversations private for long — if at all. READ MORE: Microsoft Contractors Listened to Xbox Owners in Their Homes [Vice] More on audio reviews: Apple Contractors Hear Sex Acts, Drug Deals in Siri Recordings Share This Article 
Few of us realize it, but one of the best ways to bond with a group of strangers is shared peril. The peril, for example, of hurtling through space on a ship that is in dire need of repair. This sort of peril doesn’t come often, and probably isn’t worth risking just in the name of new friendships. But now you can simulate this horrifying scenario from the comfort of your own home thanks to this new card-based Spaceteam game. Spaceteam, which is based on the popular mobile game of the same name, lets you and up to five other players (more with the expansion packs) take control of a spaceship that must be repaired before it explodes, leaving you to die in the cold, indifferent vacuum of space. In order to do this, you’ll have to cooperate and coordinate the distribution of “Tool Cards” with names like “Centrifugal Disperser” or “Kilobypass Transformer,” each of which goes towards repairing a specific “Malfunction Card.” Malfunction Cards are randomly drawn and the team has to pass the appropriate Tool Card from each player's five-card hand around the circle, but never across. If it sounds too simple to be a fun game, you'll be relieved to know that it’s both harder and more fun than it sounds, and a guaranteed icebreaker for almost any party. As one satisfied Amazon reviewer put it: "Brought this to a game night where I didn’t know many of the people and by the end of the third round we were screaming at each other like we’d known each other for years.” That’s because half of the fun of Spaceteam is in learning how to play it together, especially if everyone in the group is figuring it all out at the same time. It’s designed to be extremely easy for new players to pick up and learn. And if you need a little advanced training, you can get it from the tutorial video below: When you purchase a basic Spaceteam game, you’re getting 90 playing cards, a game timer, and game-play instructions. But let’s get into those expansion packs I mentioned earlier. Not only do they let you add more players to the game, but they also add some extra components to the game that make it even more interesting. First off, there’s Spaceteam Expansion: Triangulum expansion set, which like the original game, is totally family-friendly. It adds 38 Malfunction Cards, 15 Tool Cards, and 1 Instruction Card, expanding the size of the ship, and increasing the game’s difficulty. But if your Spaceteam crew are all 18 or older, you might be interested in the Not Suitable For Space (NSFS) expansion pack, which is purportedly “for people who are into shouting inappropriate things at friends.” It adds 32 Malfunction Cards, 15 Tool Cards, and 1 Instruction Card, all of which are of a somewhat suggestive nature. The Spaceteam card game was a smash from its inception on Kickstarter, where it managed to nearly ring in $200,000 from enthusiastic members of the game’s loyal cult following. To join up with this informal fraternity of spaceship repair-people yourself, head over to Amazon to get your copy of the game right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A hoax meme is currently spreading across Instagram — and Rick Perry, the head of the United States Department of Energy, just fell for it. The image is nothing more than a huge paragraph of text warning users that Instagram is changing its privacy policy "tomorrow," and if they don't repost it, Instagram will have "permission" to use everything they've shared on the platform. "Feel free to repost!! #nothanksinstagram," Perry wrote alongside the image, which has since been deleted from his Instagram page but still up on his Twitter account at the time of writing. If we saw the post on our not-so-internet-savvy parents' Instagram feed, we'd probably roll our eyes and scroll on — but the idea that the person responsible for the United States' nuclear arsenal fell for the hoax is downright terrifying. The post is clearly fake for countless reasons, some of which are obvious — part of the word "now" is missing, for example, and some words are only partially bolded. Others are a bit less conspicuous, such as the reference to the Rome Statute. The average person might not know that that's an agreement that established the International Criminal Court, an entity — which, as The Next Web pointed out, the United States isn't even a member of — tasked with investigating such atrocities as genocide and crimes against humanity. Think they would care about a social network "stealing" photos of your newborn nephew or your barista's stellar latte art? Oh, and that's the other thing: Instagram doesn't need to "steal" those photos. Take a look at the platform's Terms of Use, and you'll find that, when you post anything on the site, you "grant to [Instagram] a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings)." So, to recap, Perry not only couldn't tell that something was off about the hoax just by looking at it, he also apparently doesn't know what the Rome Statute is or how social media works in general. Again, this man is in charge of the U.S.'s nuclear arsenal — and a person with so much power really shouldn't be this easily fooled. READ MORE: Former Texas Governor Rick Perry fell for an old-school Instagram hoax [The Next Web] More on Instagram: Instagram Wants to Fact-Check Your Memes Share This Article 
Even though it's an inexorable part of life, for many people, death — or at least the thought of ceasing to exist forever — can be a scary thing. The disturbing things that happen to the body during decomposition — the process by which cells and tissues begin to break down post mortem — are bad enough. But what if instead of looking at death from a biological perspective, we examine it from a physics standpoint? More specifically, let's look at how our energy is redistributed after we die. In life, the human body comprises matter and energy. That energy is both electrical (impulses and signals) and chemical (reactions). The same can be said about plants, which are powered by photosynthesis, a process that allows them to generate energy from sunlight. The process of energy generation is much more complex in humans, though. Remarkably, at any given moment, roughly 20 watts of energy course through your body — enough to power a light bulb — and this energy is acquired in a plethora of ways. Mostly, we get it through the consumption of food, which gives us chemical energy. That chemical energy is then transformed into kinetic energy that is ultimately used to power our muscles. As we know through thermodynamics, energy cannot be created nor destroyed. It simply changes states. The total amount of energy in an isolated system does not, cannot, change. And thanks to Einstein, we also know that matter and energy are two rungs on the same ladder. The universe as a whole is closed. However, human bodies (and other ecosystems) are not closed — they're open systems. We exchange energy with our surroundings. We can gain energy (again, through chemical processes), and we can lose it (by expelling waste or emitting heat). In death, the collection of atoms of which you are composed (a universe within the universe) are repurposed. Those atoms and that energy, which originated during the Big Bang, will always be around. Therefore, your "light," that is, the essence of your energy — not to be confused with your actual consciousness — will continue to echo throughout space until the end of time. If nothing else can assuage some of the fear of death, the below advice from physicist Aaron Freemen via NPR should do it: You want a physicist to speak at your funeral. You want the physicist to talk to your grieving family about the conservation of energy, so they will understand that your energy has not died. You want the physicist to remind your sobbing mother about the first law of thermodynamics; that no energy gets created in the universe, and none is destroyed. You want your mother to know that all your energy, every vibration, every Btu of heat, every wave of every particle that was her beloved child remains with her in this world. You want the physicist to tell your weeping father that amid energies of the cosmos, you gave as good as you got. And at one point you'd hope that the physicist would step down from the pulpit and walk to your brokenhearted spouse there in the pew and tell him that all the photons that ever bounced off your face, all the particles whose paths were interrupted by your smile, by the touch of your hair, hundreds of trillions of particles, have raced off like children, their ways forever changed by you. And as your widow rocks in the arms of a loving family, may the physicist let her know that all the photons that bounced from you were gathered in the particle detectors that are her eyes, that those photons created within her constellations of electromagnetically charged neurons whose energy will go on forever. You can hope your family will examine the evidence and satisfy themselves that the science is sound and that they'll be comforted to know your energy's still around. According to the law of the conservation of energy, not a bit of you is gone; you're just less orderly. Share This Article 
Since its inception in 1924, the Primordial Soup Theory has gained a firm following in scientific circles. The theory states that a young Earth possessed a reducing atmosphere and, following exposure to various forms of energy, basic compounds were formed. These compounds are then said to have accumulated in a ‘soup’ from which life evolved. The big question this leaves is... How and why did life evolve from this collection of simple elements and compounds? How did it all start? Ultimately, the question revolves around abiogenesis, which is the process by which a living organism forms naturally from non-living matter. Here is a list (in no particular order) of seven existing theories for this initial abiogenesis, and an exciting new one. Fir the purposes of this article, we are looking at how life developed on Earth. Some evidence indicates that, around three billion years ago, Earth’s oceans were covered with ice. This ice may have been hundreds of metres thick and was mainly due to the sun being much less fierce than it is nowadays. This theory contends that the ice may have protected the compounds, allowing them to interact and, thereby, creating life. Yes, there is a theory that life on Earth began Frankenstein style! It has been proven that electricity can produce simple sugars and amino acids from simple elements in the atmosphere. This leads to the theory that lightning may have been responsible for the origins of life, primarily by striking through rich volcanic clouds. Now, from the horror of Frankenstein, to the realms of science fiction. Panspermia is the proposal that life on Earth didn’t actually begin on Earth at all. Rocks, and other debris from impacts, are plentiful. In fact, rocks from Mars have been found here on Earth, and it has been suggested they any one of these would have brought microbes that could have kick-started life. So... would that make us all aliens? Ribonucleic acid (RNA) is today most known for its role in the expression of genes. To put it simply, DNA unzips, revealing the necessary gene that is being called for by the body, then RNA is transcribed from single nucleotides, copying the revealed segment for gene expression. This theory states that all life sprouted from a complex RNA world. This is plausible, as RNA is far more self regulating, if less efficient, than DNA. In contrast to the RNA theory, this approach suggests that the primordial soup simply continued to react with itself over time, producing more and more complex molecules, eventually yielding life. This is the most simple of the standing theories, and is difficult to dismiss. Research at the University of Glasgow, in Scotland, has given rise to the theory that life on Earth may have evolved in clay. It is suggested that clay may have served as an area of concentrated chemical activity, providing a breeding ground for DNA and other components. Submarine hydrothermal vents, or deep-sea vents, contain vast and diverse ecosystems. The nutrient rich environment filled with reactive gases and catalysts, creates a habitat teeming with life. Studies suggest that life may have originated from within these vents, a theory that cannot be ignored, and one that may in fact tie in with the ice theory at the beginning of this article. The newest addition to this mix of theories has been clearly articulated by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the USA (though a series of individuals have contributed over the years). The contention from supporters of this idea is that life evolved out of necessity, following the laws of nature, rather than through any accident or freak occurrence. In a number of papers, physicists have argued that the occurrence of life is a matter of inevitability, and they have a sound formula to support their claims. The new(ish) models that physicists have come up with are formulated on previously established theories in physics, and they conclude that matter will generally develop into systems that, when “driven by an external source of energy” and “surrounded by a heat bath,” become increasingly efficient at dissipating energy. Studies have shown that populations of random atoms, when exposed to energy, will shuffle and organise themselves to dissipate energy more efficiently. It is suggested that this re-modelling would eventually lead to life. So, this new theory may be viewed as an addition to the simple metabolism and reaction theory above, but with energy, such as is provided by the sun, as the catalyst. This theory was touched upon by Charles Darwin himself, but was dismissed. However, the new research from MIT is backed up by mathematical and scientific evidence. Only time and further research can truly tell if there really is any energy in these claims. Share This Article 
We have reached a turning point in society. According to renowned theoretical physicist Michio Kaku, the next 100 years of science will determine whether we perish or thrive. Will we remain a Type 0 civilization, or will we advance and make our way into the stars? Experts assert that, as a civilization grows larger and becomes more advanced, its energy demands will increase rapidly due to its population growth and the energy requirements of its various machines. With this in mind, the Kardashev scale was developed as a way of measuring a civilization's technological advancement based upon how much usable energy it has at its disposal (this was originally just tied to energy available for communications, but has since been expanded). The scale was originally designed in 1964 by the Russian astrophysicist  Nikolai Kardashev (who was looking for signs of extraterrestrial life within cosmic signals). It has 3 base classes, each with an energy disposal level: Type I (10¹⁶W), Type II (10²⁶W), and Type III (10³⁶W). Other astronomers have extended the scale to Type IV (10⁴⁶W) and Type V (the energy available to this kind of civilization would equal that of all energy available in not just our universe, but in all universes and in all time-lines). These additions consider both energy access as well as the amount of knowledge the civilizations have access to. First, it is important to note that the human race is not even on this scale yet. Since we still sustain our energy needs from dead plants and animals, here on Earth, we are a lowly Type 0 civilization (and we have a LONG way to go before being promoted to a type I civilization). Kaku tends to believe that, all things taken into consideration, we will reach Type I in 100 – 200 years time. But what does each of these categories actually stand for in literal terms? A Type I designation is a given to species who have been able to harness all the energy that is available from a neighboring star, gathering and storing it to meet the energy demands of a growing population. This means that we would need to boost our current energy production over 100,000 times to reach this status. However, being able to harness all Earth’s energy would also mean that we could have control over all natural forces. Human beings could control volcanoes, the weather, and even earthquakes! (At least, that is the idea.) These kinds of feats are hard to believe, but compared to the advances that may still be to come, these are just basic and primitive levels of control (it's absolutely nothing compared to the capabilities of societies with higher rankings). The next step up - a Type II civilization - can harness the power of their entire star (not merely transforming starlight into energy, but controlling the star). Several methods for this have been proposed. The most popular of which is the hypothetical ‘Dyson Sphere.' This device, if you want to call it that, would encompass every single inch of the star, gathering most (if not all) of its energy output and transferring it to a planet for later use. Alternatively, if fusion power (the mechanism that powers stars) had been mastered by the race, a reactor on a truly immense scale could be used to satisfy their needs. Nearby gas giants can be utilized for their hydrogen, slowly drained of life by an orbiting reactor. What would this much energy mean for a species? Well, nothing known to science could wipe out a Type II civilization. Take, for instance, if humans survived long enough to reach this status, and a moon sized object entered our solar system on a collision course with our little blue planet--we’d have the ability to vaporize it out of existence. Or if we had time, we could move our planet out of the way, completely dodging it. But let’s say we didn’t want to move Earth... are there any other options? Well yes, because we’d have the capability to move Jupiter, or another planet of our choice, into the way – pretty cool, right? So we’ve gone from having control over a planet, to a star, which has resulted in us harboring enough "disposable" energy to essentially make our civilization immune to extinction. But now, onto Type III, where a species then becomes galactic traversers with knowledge of everything having to do with energy, resulting in them becoming a master race.  In terms of humans, hundreds of thousands of years of evolution - both biological and mechanical - may result in the inhabitants of this type III civilization being incredibly different from the human race as we know it. These may be cyborgs (or cybernetic organism, beings both biological and robotic), with the descendants of regular humans being a sub-species among the now-highly advanced society. These wholly biological humans would likely be seen as being disabled, inferior, or unevolved by their cybernetic counterparts. At this stage, we would have developed colonies of robots that are capable of ‘self replication’; their population may increase into the millions as they spread out across the galaxy, colonizing star after star. And these being might build Dyson Spheres to encapsulate each one, creating a huge network that would carry energy back to the home planet. But stretching over the galaxy in such a manner would face several problems; namely, the species would be constrained by the laws of physics. Particularly, light-speed travel. That is, unless they develop a working warp drive, or use that immaculate energy cache to master wormhole teleportation (two things that remain theoretical for the time being), they can only get so far. Kardashev believed a Type IV civilization was ‘too’ advanced and didn’t go beyond Type III on his scale. He thought that, surely, this would be the extent of any species’ ability. Many think so, but a few believe there is a further level that could be achieved. (I mean, surely there is a limit?) Type IV civilizations would almost be able to harness the energy content of the entire universe and with that, they could traverse the accelerating expansion of space (furthermore, advance races of these species may live inside supermassive black holes). To previous methods of generating energy, these kinds of feats are considered impossible. A Type IV civilization would need to tap into energy sources unknown to us using strange, or currently unknown, laws of physics. Type V. Yes, Type V might just be the next possible advancement to such a civilization. Here beings would be like gods, having the knowledge to manipulate the universe as they please. Now, as I said, humans are a very, very long way from ever reaching anything like this. But it’s not to say that it cannot be achieved as long as we take care of Earth and each other. To do so, the first step is to preserve our tiny home, extinguish war, and continue to support scientific advances and discoveries. Share This Article 
Do you feel like your brain is operating at peak capacity? If your answer is "no," you're not alone. At one point or another, everyone has wondered what it would be like to boost their brain power and experience the benefits of better memory and enhanced cognition. Would your job performance improve? Would your personal life flourish? Well, now you can find out thanks to the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle, a collection of online courses engineered to improve memory, cognitive function, problem-solving, and almost everything else your conscious mind controls. And right now, all of this life-changing content is on sale for less than $20 Your brain, like any other part of your body, needs exercise in order to work as well as it can. It needs good fuel and plenty of sleep, too. But exercise is key. And unlike physical exercise, it can be hard to determine what mental exercises are effective. That's where the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle comes in. It brings together four extensive online courses designed to train your brain to be more flexible, versatile, powerful, and effective, and changing your daily habits in order to reshape your mind's all-important neural connections. The Supercharged Brain Training Bundle consists of more than 20 hours of lessons geared toward unleashing your brain's true potential. Here’s a breakdown of what these courses are, and how each one will boost your brain power: Imagine if you could train your brain to retain exponentially greater amounts of information in less time than it currently takes you to retain normal material. This course teaches you how to do just that, with advanced techniques that can facilitate high-volume memorization, speed reading, and language learning. From memorization to deeper understanding, the SuperLearning course covers it all. Today’s digital world is arguably filled with more needless distractions than at any other point in human history. That might explain why many of our attention spans have turned to jelly. Improving one’s focus is key to filtering out all those distractions, and The Power of Focus course shows you how. It consists of 14 lessons that will teach you how to create the best internal and external conditions for focus, how to maintain that focus, and how to use it to be more productive. Your social media followers might miss you, but every other part of your life will probably benefit from your newfound concentration. “Neuroplasticity” is a word that refers to the brain’s ability to stretch and change, forming new connections and, rewiring its inner workings. This 2.5-hour, 30-lesson course goes deep into the science of neuroplasticity and how you can apply it to your own noodle in order to boost your overall brain power. The final course in the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle is a summation of everything else in the curriculum which allows you to “Explore Strategies to Boost Your Brain Power & Make Better Life Choices.” It will help cement the skills you've learned, and show you how to put them to practical use. All of the courses in the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle are offered with 24/7 lifetime access. So if you ever want a refresher course, it’ll will be there when you need it. And at less than $20, you have almost nothing to lose, but everything to gain. So click here now to get started, and start boosting your brain power, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Former Republican Speaker of the House New Gingrich — alongside a U.S Army general and Michael Jackson's former publicist — is proposing a $2 billion prize to the first private space company to land Americans on the Moon and establish a lunar base, Politico reports. The contest would pit the likes of Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos against each other and would represent a small fraction of the upwards of $50 billion NASA is planning to use for its upcoming 2024 mission, dubbed Artemis. The White House has yet to respond to Gingrich's proposal. The prize could be a big incentive to companies such as SpaceX and the Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos-backed Blue Origins to try and get there first. "I think people would be shocked how fast they can move," Gingrich said in an interview, as quoted by Politico. NASA has been at odds with Congress and the White House lately over its ambitious plans to return U.S. astronauts to the Moon. The projected costs keep soaring, while Congress is digging in its heels as a result of sticker shock. Gingrich represents an insurgency of NASA critics that believe sending Americans to the Moon doesn't have to cost as much as NASA is projecting. But White House leadership might not be quite on the same wavelength as Gingrich. President Donald Trump has been trying to direct the attention away from the Moon — causing everybody to scratch their heads in confusion. Newt Gingrich's proposal was met with plenty of criticism online as well. "Dear Senator Shelby (R-AL), have we got an idea for you," Senior Space Policy Adviser at The Planetary Society Casey Dreier wrote in a sarcastic tweet today. "Please appropriate $2B for companies in CA and WA in the hopes that we can then lay off tens of thousands of [NASA] workers in Alabama." But the private space industry is making leaps and bounds, lowering the cost along every step of the way for what could one day signify the next giant leap for mankind. SpaceX is hard at work making a timely return to the Moon a reality — its much-hyped Starship rocket could one day allow 100 tons of cargo or 100 passengers to travel to the Moon and beyond. Blue Origins' New Glenn and Blue Moon lunar lander could soon allow Americans to walk the lunar surface again. When exactly that will happen — ahead of or behind NASA's Artemis timeline — is impossible to tell at this stage. If it were up to Musk, it could happen as soon as 2021. Bezos wants to get there by 2024. In other words, the race is on — prize money or not. READ MORE: Newt Gingrich trying to sell Trump on a cheap moon plan [Politico] More on future Moon missions: NASA Official: SpaceX's Moon Chances Are “Slim” Share This Article 
Scientists may have been looking for extraterrestrial life in all the wrong places. Astronomers were just able to rule out life on an entire class of exoplanets. The research, published Monday in the journal Nature, looked specifically at the exoplanet LHS 3844b — a small, rocky planet orbiting a star similar to our Sun. The study found that this particular exoplanet is too hot to support an atmosphere, and Scientific American reports that the scientists behind it suspect similar worlds are as well. Whether these rocky, roughly-Earth-sized exoplanets that orbit Sun-like red dwarf stars make good candidates for alien life is an ongoing debate among astronomers, according to SciAm. But this new research may have put the final nail in the coffin, at least for exoplanets that orbit their stars as closely as LHS 3844b. The study found that the exoplanet orbits its star similarly to how the Moon orbits Earth — the same side is always facing inward. That star-facing side of the planet sits at a roasting 767 degrees Celsius, while the other side is over a thousand degrees colder, resting at -273 C. If the exoplanet had a habitable atmosphere, those extreme temperatures may have blended together to form a more temperate, planet-wide climate. But because they didn't, the astronomers behind the study concluded that hot, rocky planets like LHS 3844b can't support an atmosphere and therefore can't support life. "To have life as we know it, you need to have liquid water," Abraham Loeb, an astronomer at The Center for Astrophysics at Harvard University and the Smithsonian Institution who worked on the study, told SciAm. "In order to have liquid water, you need an atmosphere." That's bad news for scientists who hinged the search for alien life on that particular class of exoplanets, but in the long run it could help scientists narrow down their search. If anything, this finding can give scientists a better understanding of what does and does not fall within the habitable zone, which is the range of distances from which an exoplanet can orbit its star and still potentially support life. "The discovery of a lack of an atmosphere on this planet doesn’t make it any less likely that planets in the habitable zone would have an atmosphere," Tiffany Jansen, a Columbia University astronomer who didn't contribute to the new study told SciAm. Laura Kreidberg, another Harvard astronomer who worked on the research, told SciAm that she's holding out hope for these planets. That's because the factors that create and strip away exoplanetary atmospheres are still poorly understood and will remain so until future James Webb Space Telescope is deployed. "If you were an alien looking at our solar system and saw Mercury, you’d be a little discouraged," she told SciAm. READ MORE: Scientists Mull the Astrobiological Implications of an Airless Alien Planet [Scientific American] More on exoplanets: Scientists Just Found a Hellish Exoplanet Shaped Like a Football Share This Article 
Everybody should have the right to plan their own financial future. Unfortunately, for well over a century, large financial institutions have completely monopolized certain asset classes, severely limiting how individuals invest their money. This is especially true in the lucrative world of real estate investing. But now, finally, that’s starting to change thanks to revolutionary fintech startups like PeerStreet. Fintech has been one of the biggest buzzwords in the world of finance over the last few years. It’s short for financial technologies, and it’s exactly what it sounds like: new technologies that are either applied to or specifically designed for the financial services sector. While some of these new technologies are designed to work in harmony with the traditional financial services sector, others are designed to disrupt it by bringing in new players who were previously denied access to the game. The best example of new technology being applied to and disrupting the financial services industry is crowdfunding. Originally developed to help small businesses on platforms like Kickstarter or Indiegogo, crowdfunding is now starting to change the way people invest and borrow money. In the past, if you wanted to borrow a large sum of money to start a business or buy a house, your only option was to go to a bank and apply for a loan with a hefty interest rate. Thus, only banks had access to highly profitable debt investments. But of course banks are really just middlemen. All the money they loan out comes from the people who keep their money at the bank. And crowdfunding technology is democratizing the process by removing the middlemen. Today, online peer-to-peer platforms are connecting borrowers with private investors by the thousand, creating an entirely new, mutually beneficial asset class in the process. And one of the fastest growing peer-to-peer investing services out there is PeerStreet. PeerStreet was founded in 2013 with the backing of several prominent venture capital firms. In 2017 it was named the Best Peer-to-Peer Lending Platform by the fintech Breakthrough Awards. Today it might be doing more to disrupt the traditional world of real estate investing than anyone else. PeerStreet is an online marketplace for real estate backed loans. It’s crowdfunding for mortgages that breaks standard loans up into smaller pieces so individuals can become microlenders. In this way PeerStreet connects investors with borrowers in a way never before possible. Investors get to earn 10% or more on their investments, and borrowers get the money they need to buy a house or run a business. The entire process is guided by high-tech data analytics. PeerStreet shops for real estate debt from reputable private lenders from across the United States. They review each lender’s track record and run individual loans through their proprietary analytics engine, using advanced AI algorithms and data science to curate a pool of safe, high-quality real estate debt investments. PeerStreet then sells pieces of these loans to its investors. PeerStreet’s fintech innovation doesn’t stop merely at crowdfunding mortgages, though. They also use cutting edge Automated Investing technology to take the guesswork out of building your investment portfolio. With PeerStreet’s Automated Investing, all you have to do is select your investment criteria, such as interest rate or loan term, and you will be notified when loans that meet your criteria become available. Unfortunately, because peer-to-peer investing is relatively new, right now the PeerStreet platform is only available to accredited investors. According to current SEC regulation, “accredited investors” are individuals with a net worth greater than $1 million or an annual income greater than $200,000. If you don’t fit into that category, there is some reason to hope things might change. In 2015 the SEC officially opened up the crowdfunding marketplace to non-accredited investors. There are still strict rules in place that limit the amount you can invest per year to either $2,000 or 5% of your yearly income or net worth, whichever is greater. But at some point, PeerStreet’s automated investing tech might be available to everyone. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If living a longer healthier life is something that appeals to you, you’re not alone. According to data released by the World Health Organization’s World Report on Ageing and Health, even though people are living longer lives, they’re not necessarily living very well. It turns out, the unfortunate part of living longer is that people are living more sedentary, less robust lives. If making it to a ripe old age to only lose your quality of life is something you want to prevent, there are a variety of ways to be proactive about aging. This includes, eating a balanced diet, getting regular exercise, and visiting your physician annually. But if you want a little more help with aging gracefully, you should consider boosting your NAD+ levels with the Basis NAD+ supplement. Basis is designed to support healthy aging at the cellular level. And now it’s possible to get more NAD+ with Basis. Thanks to research over the last 25 years, scientists have made incredible progress in understanding how aging works. Specifically they've learned that a molecule called NAD+ is exteremly important to slowing down aging and retaining that youthful glow. Unfortunately, as we age, our NAD+ diminishes over time. But that's where he Basis NAD+ booster supplement comes in. Thanks to Basis, it is now possible to take NAD+ booster supplements to compensate for the decline in your body's natural NAD+ production. Scientists have called NAD+ the “golden nucleotide” because it’s a key player in so many biological functions. This includes creating energy, keeping DNA healthy, and regulating circadian rhythms. However, Basis NAD+ Booster isn’t a quick fix for preventing the aging process. It’s a supplement designed to replenish your NAD+ levels and reduce the negative effects of aging over time. With Basis, it’s more about preparing for the lifelong journey, slowing the aging process, not reversing it. Technology developed by Elysium research scientists – including Elysium’s co-founder and chief scientist Dr. Leonard Guarente – have yielded incredible insights into how our body’s aging process works. Thanks to the culmination of more than 25 years of aging data, we know our bodies have a natural process for turning the nicotinamide riboside in Basis into NAD+. The pterostilbene in Basis activates your sirtuins, also known as the “guardians of the genome.” This principle provides Basis with the cornerstones it needed to slow the signs of aging. Not only that, Basis supports cellular health by increasing and sustaining NAD+ levels and activating sirtuins. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial demonstrated that Basis can increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent. Plus, Basis has also been subjected to third-party testing for quality, safety, and sustainability. Using a variety of biological markers including blood count, electrolytes, kidney function, and liver function, the tests found that not only are the ingredients in Basis safe, but they’re also effective. That’s because Elysium is committed to using quality products first and foremost. Each serving of Basis contains 250mg of Elysium’s crystalline nicotinamide riboside and 50mg of pterostilbene. And to keep things on the up and up, Basis is also vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, nut-free, and contains no artificial colors or flavors. So, if preparing for your body’s future is something that interests you, click here to let Elysium help you maximize that future with Basis, and live your best life at every age. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
"Astro" the robodog promises many things, but its face is the stuff of nightmares. Researchers from Florida Atlantic University (FAU) set out to build a robodog that combined all the best parts of Siri, 3D-printing, and nimble, next-gen robots like Boston Dynamics' SpotMini. Unfortunately, Astro's engineers added an extra component to the bot: horrible, human-like eyes. Housed inside Astro's 3D-printed, Doberman pinscher-like head is a computer system that uses deep learning to "learn from experience to perform human-like tasks, or in his case, 'doggie-like' tasks, that benefit humanity." Astro and a handful of other robots like it are still "pupp[ies]-in-training" but currently respond to commands like "sit," "stand," and "lie down." Researchers say eventually Astro will learn to do things like respond to hand signals, detect colors, and coordinate with drones. All of which, while impressive, do nothing to make Astro seem any less unsettling. In an unlisted video on FAU's YouTube channel, Astro can be seen obeying commands, blankly staring, and tottering around like some sort of cyberpunk, Scrappy-Doo nightmare. Astro's creators have high ambitions for the bot, including "detecting guns, explosives, and gun residue to assist police, the military, and security personnel." They say it could also serve as a service dog for the visually impaired, in medical diagnostic monitoring, and as a first responder for search and rescue missions. In short, the only thing Astro isn't being built to do is not look creepy as hell. Robots with human features, like Astro, that aren't quite human enough fall squarely in the "uncanny valley." Not quite real enough to deceive, but not quite bot enough either — features that make us humans uncomfortable. But researchers may aim to make Astro even more human. In a press release Ata Sarajedini, Ph.D., Dean of FAU's Charles E. Schmidt College of Science explained that, "Astro is inspired by the human brain and he has come to life through machine learning and artificial intelligence, which is proving to be an invaluable resource in helping to solve some of the world's most complex problems." READ MORE: Engineers show off Astro the robot dog [Tech Xplore] More on unsettling robots: Here’s Why Human-Like Robots Are Particularly Scary Share This Article 
Scientists have significantly increased our understanding of the gut microbiome over the past 10 or 15 years, and the future of this field is very promising. However, TV doctors, bloggers, and “natural health food“ companies that tell you what to eat to improve gut health don’t actually know what they’re talking about. Promoting gut health is not as simple as drinking kombucha and eating probiotic yogurt. One of the things we've learned about the human gut microbiome is that, like snowflakes, each one is unique. So what's good for someone else might not necessarily be good for you. In reality, if you’re looking for a diet that promotes gut health, you need to start by taking a microbiome test such as the Gut Intelligence Test from Viome. The human microbiome is the complex ecosystem of microorganisms that live in and on the human body. Over the last 15 years, scientists have discovered that this ecosystem plays a huge role in our overall health. And of particular importance is the gut microbiome, which is the community of symbiotic bacteria and other microorganisms that live in your digestive tract. When your gut microbiome is out of balance, your body doesn’t absorb nutrients the way it should. This results in inflammation, which scientists now realize is at the root of almost every chronic disease. It should therefore come as no surprise that recent research has shown the gut microbiome can affect almost every system in the body. Some studies have even linked gut health to specific diseases and conditions, including diabetes, obesity, irritable bowel syndrome, and colon cancer. Because everyone’s gut microbiome is different, there is no single course of action experts can prescribe to improve gut health without a microbiome test. That’s where Viome comes in. A microbiome test is like a DNA test, only instead of mapping out genes that are linked to specific health issues, a microbiome test maps out the organisms in your gut. What makes Viome’s test superior to others currently available is their proprietary microbe identification technology and their advanced analytics engine. Viome uses something called “advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing technology.” It was originally developed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory for national security purposes, but Viome uses it to identify and quantify the strains and species of microorganisms in your gut and determine what nutrients and toxins they are producing. From there they run this data through an advanced AI algorithm called Vie, which uses a massive database of information to come up with personalized nutrition recommendations designed to: • Increase microorganism species associated with overall wellness • Minimize microorganism species associated with poor health • Create the ideal ratio of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats for your diet • Encourage foods that are most compatible with your metabolism • Help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight • Increase your energy, focus and well-being. Once you order your Gut Intelligence Test, Viome will send you an easy to use, non-invasive at-home kit to collect your sample. Then you simply return your sample using the postage-paid box provided, and Viome will process it and send you the results. With Viome, all test results and dietary recommendations come with detailed explanations, and all of them are conveniently delivered straight to your phone via the Viome mobile app, making them incredibly easy to put into action. If you’re ready to get serious about gut health, forget the gimmicks. Instead, put your faith in science and order Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test today. Disclosure: This is an affiliate post for Viome, and Futurism may receive a percentage of sales. Futurism editorial staff was not involved in the production of this post. Share This Article 
Amazon Web Services' facial recognition technology, Rekognition, can now detect fear. At least, that's according to Amazon — but given that the tech has been proven inaccurate again and again, it's hard to say whether the newly announced capability actually works as advertised. On Monday, Amazon Web Services (AWS) published a blog post detailing several updates to its controversial tech, including improved accuracy at detecting seven emotions on a person's face — happy, sad, angry, surprised, disgusted, calm, and confused — with fear added as an eighth emotion. The company also claimed it had improved Rekognition's ability to estimate a person's gender as well as their age, with the tech now providing a narrower range of possibilities for most age groups. The announcement of the updates was met by a wave of criticism online, with cloud computing economist Corey Quinn noting that the move seems incredibly ill-timed given recent controversy surrounding Rekognition. "AWS comes under fire for Rekognition sales to the federal government, who in turn is building concentration camps for children, and AWS's response is to improve 'age range estimation' and 'fear detection' in the service?" he tweeted. "I mean, if they had come to me and asked 'Hey Corey, what's the dumbest possible move we could make in this moment' I don't think I'd have come up with something this horrible." Tone-deaf timing aside, there's also a genuine possibility that the technology doesn't even work — but that law enforcement will rely on it anyways. Countless tests of Rekognition have already revealed the tech's shortcomings, and the day after AWS published the new blog post, the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California held a press conference to announce the results of yet another — this time, Rekognition falsely matched one in five photos of California lawmakers to mugshots. "If you get falsely accused of an arrest, what happens?" Phil Ting, one of the falsely matched lawmakers, said during the press conference. "It could impact your ability to get employment, it absolutely impacts your ability to get housing. There are real people who could have real impacts." Thankfully, at least one law enforcement agency testing the tech has already dropped it. But it's hard to say how many others are still relying on Rekognition. And the fact that AWS seemingly didn't hesitate to announce these new updates despite the current controversy could be a sign the company will continue pushing the product out to anyone willing to buy it, public opinion — and accuracy — be damned. READ MORE: Amazon adds fear detection and age ranges to its facial-recognition tech as the Border Patrol looks to award a $950 million contract [Business Insider] More on Rekognition: Police Are Using Facial Recognition Tech on Unconscious Suspects Share This Article 
In the future, all books will be digital. They’ll have to be. We’ve all seen science fiction movies. At some point Earth will become completely uninhabitable, whether because of a global thermonuclear war against the machines, or because we refused to give up plastic straws. When that happens, and the human race realizes it must take to the cosmos to survive, there’s just not going to be enough room for books on the spaceships. However, there is some good news for you bibliophiles: It’s not the future yet. For now, you can still get genuine old-fashioned books made out of paper and glue and ink. In fact, this September they’re turning images from the highly acclaimed Futurism Cartoons Instagram account into a book called Cartoons from Tomorrow. By they, of course, we mean Running Press, a division a Hachette Book Group, along with author Luke Kingma and illustrator Lou Patrick Mackay. The book will feature 125 single-panel comics, including 80 all-new cartoons that have not been published on Instagram. If you don’t follow Futurism Cartoons on Instagram, you definitely should. The comic series was created by Kingma and Mackay back in 2017 and takes a satirical look at humanity’s evolving relationship with science and technology. Often making half-serious, half-absurd predictions about what the future might look like, Futurism Cartoons offer poignant observations about some of the coolest and most terrifying things happening in our world today, covering everything from artificial intelligence, robot ethics, and technology addition to alien life, environmental degradation, and space colonization. “Science fiction plays an enormous role in shaping public understanding and sentiment around emerging technology,” Kingma explains. “With Futurism Cartoons, we wanted to go even deeper. We wanted those conversations to happen every day, not every 1-2 years. We also wanted to break out of the habit of asking, ‘What’s the worst that could happen?’ Technology can be good. It can also be weird. Those stories aren’t really being told.” Cartoons from Tomorrow takes everything people love about the Futurism Cartoons on Instagram and puts it into book form. In doing so, it liberates them from your 4.5-inch smartphone screen and alters the way they are perceived. Instead of mere content, they become actual ideas that make you think. And, obviously, laugh. The book is already getting high praise. "Clever and clear, Cartoons from Tomorrow visits everything from humanoid super robots to parallel and virtual realities, but humanity still dates and shops and sings karaoke. This is tomorrow through the eyes of today."―Amy Kurzweil, cartoonist for The New Yorker "Wry and often ingenious, it's like Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal meets The New Yorker. But watch out-there are glimmers of that dangerous substance: hope."―David Brin, Futurist/scientist/best-selling author "The future isn't what it used to be. But if we can't have flying cars and moon colonies, at least we can get some laughs, courtesy of this fine collection of cartoons that shine a light on the technological and social absurdities of our fallen age."―Zack Stentz, writer for Thor and X-Men: First Class Cartoons from Tomorrow: A Futuristic Comic Collection is set for release nationwide on September 17, 2019. Available in paperback and e-book formats, you can pre-order your copy today. Share This Article 
In the wake of two deadly mass shootings, singer-songwriter Jason Isbell posted a tweet on Sunday asserting that the people arguing about the definition of "assault weapon" on Twitter don't actually need the guns. The next day, Twitter user William McNabb replied with a tweet seemingly suggesting that he does need an assault weapon — to kill the "30-50 feral hogs" that run into the yard where his children play. And thus a new internet meme was born. With that backstory established, imagine you're a pair of Clemson University scientists who just spent countless hours researching the very real problem feral hogs pose to farmers — and your study is set to publish on Tuesday. What are the chances? Strange timing aside, according to the study, which was published in the journal PLOS Biology, feral hogs are an often-overlooked threat to livestock and crops, with most human-wildlife conflict research focusing on predators such as tigers and wolves. But while the Clemson researchers don't deny that wild hogs are a problem for many Americans, they're quick to note that McNabb's suggestion of taking an assault rifle to a herd of "30-50" of the critters won't solve it. "That’s what we would call opportunistic hunting of hogs," researcher Shari Rodriguez told Inverse. "So while you may get an animal or two, it’s a drop in the bucket. It really does nothing to decrease the population of hogs." What might work, according to Rodriguez: flashing lights, rope fences strung with flags, and food baits placed far away from wherever you don't want the hogs to be. So, in McNabb's case, it seems that would be anywhere your kids don't play. READ MORE: The Scientific Reason Assault Rifles Are a Bad Way to Kill 30-50 Feral Hogs [Inverse] More on feral hogs: NASA’s Kennedy Space Center Is Infested With Feral Hogs. Really. Share This Article 
Scientists used a supercomputer to simulate the creation and evolution of 8 million virtual universes, each containing 12 million galaxies — and in the process, they discovered something new about the universe we actually live in. Galaxies use hydrogen gas to form stars, but some galaxies stop creating new stars even though they still have plenty of hydrogen gas. Previously, scientists attributed this to a combination of factors. For one, they thought the supermassive black holes at the centers of the galaxies might be producing too much energy for the hydrogen to cool to star-forming temperatures, with supernovae explosions adding to the inferno. Dark matter could play a role, too, as its gravitational pull on the hydrogen gas would cause its temperature to rise. "As we go back earlier and earlier in the universe, we would expect the dark matter to be denser, and therefore the gas to be getting hotter and hotter," researcher Peter Behroozi said in a press release. "This is bad for star formation, so we had thought that many galaxies in the early universe should have stopped forming stars a long time ago." But through their supercomputer-enabled universe simulations, which they detail in a study published in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, the researchers found that wasn't the case. Only when they tweaked their simulations to allow early galaxies to continue efficiently forming stars for longer did those galaxies evolve to form virtual universes that look like our real one. "In other words, we are forced to conclude that galaxies formed stars more efficiently in the early times than we thought," Behroozi said. "And what this tells us is that the energy created by supermassive black holes and exploding stars is less efficient at stifling star formation than our theories predicted." This is the first study to accurately simulate such a large section of our universe — but even its 12 million galaxies are just a fraction of the upwards of one hundred billion galaxies astronomers believe populate the actual universe. Still, with supercomputers getting more powerful all the time, it might not be long before scientists are able to simulate the creation of our entire universe — and perhaps solve even more of its mysteries in the process. READ MORE: Virtual 'Universe Machine' Sheds Light on Galaxy Evolution [University of Arizona] More on simulations: World’s First AI Universe Simulator Knows Things It Shouldn’t Share This Article 
Have you ever felt like you need to take a class for life? Not a class on the subjects that are normally taught in school, like English or math or history, but rather, something designed to prepare you for more practical matters, like job interviews, career building, memory, productivity, or even just listening? In other words, life hacks. Patience and concentration are in short supply these days, but the Ultimate Life Hacker Master Class Bundle on StackSocial is a master class in the art of life, covering many of the subjects listed above, and more. And now, for a limited time, you can get all 11 courses in this bundle for one low price: just $35 bucks. That’s 44 hours and 873 lessons geared toward teaching you the life hacks you need to create a better, more productive, more efficient version of yourself. Here are just a few of the 11 courses included in the bundle: Create Your Dream Job: Hack the Job Search & Skip the Ladder It may sound like a pipe dream, but this three hour course will teach you the tricks of the trade favored by many of the most successful people in a variety of fields, including Tim Ferriss, Bill Belichick, Ryan Holiday, and others. It will show you how to employ something called the “Slipstream Technique,” allowing you to achieve the benefits of years of career ladder climbing in a fraction of the time. Productivity Master Class: How to Powerfully Get Things Done All of us could probably stand to be at least a little more productive, and this master class will show you the life hacks you need to maximize your own productivity. If you’ve been feeling like you’re stuck in a rut in your day-to-day routine, this course can show you how to dig yourself out and stay out. Health & Nutrition Master Class Productivity or career success doesn't mean much if you don’t have your health, and a big part of that is under your own control -- particularly what you eat and how much you exercise. Eating healthy and staying fit are easier said than done, though, and this one-hour course will show you the way. 30-Day Challenge: Boost Your Productivity & Happiness If you’re willing to devote a month to a lifetime of future fulfillment, this three-hour course gives you the tools you need to do it. The Complete Presentation & Public Speaking Course It’s famously the number one reported fear in the world: Public speaking. Which means that if you can conquer that fear, you have a leg up on a majority of your peers. Speeches and lectures can go from nightmare fuel to a life-boosting pleasure with this 15-hour course. 5 Day Memory Mastery: Learn to Memorize Anything with Ease We all have a photographic memory in our brain if we only learn to unlock it. And this one-hour course will let you put it to the test. The life hacks within this course have been used to set world records for memory, and they require just 20 minutes a day over five days. And that’s just six of the 11 total courses that are available as part of this Ultimate Life Hacker Master Class Bundle. Altogether courses like this might cost you hundreds of dollars, but you can get lifetime access to all of them for just $35. Not a bad price for a shot at a more productive, more successful, and happier future. So stop procrastinating at take charge of your life, today, and click her for more information. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
This is an issue many of us contemplate as our lives become increasingly intertwined with technology. AI is impacting nearly every major industry, which is why Singularity University focuses on AI in its programs, including this August’s Global Summit in San Francisco. Futurism users can get 10% off the ticket price with coupon code: GS19FUTURISM The SU team is working at warp speed to ensure this year’s Global Summit is the best one yet, and is convening some of the finest minds from an array of fields to guide an exploration of the light and dark sides of AI. The next wave of presenters and sessions is now available, and what follows below is a glimpse of what to expect and who you’ll hear from in this year’s program when it comes to AI.   Singularity University Faculty, Nathana Sharma, kicks off the AI conversation at Global Summit with a rapid-fire introduction to the fundamentals of machine learning and artificial intelligence.  Machine learning and AI represent humankind's greatest exponential leap forward—or a threat to our jobs and our very autonomy. Which is it? Hear from Neil Jacobstein (Chair of AI and Robotics at SU), Naveen Jain (Viome), and more.  As these exponential technologies move beyond the lab and into the field, how do we know what kinds of problems next-generation software can solve? Come hear a variety of practitioners building breakthrough applications to focus on real-world challenges. Neeti Mehta (Automation Anywhere), Mike Capps (Diveplane), Dr. Vasco Pedro (Unbabel), and Nathana Sharma (SU Faculty for Blockchain, Policy, Law & Ethics) will participate in this panel discussion. The vast majority of large companies say they're deep into exploring machine learning and artificial intelligence—but few have a methodology to ensure successful initiatives. Gain insights about what AI can and can't do, and how to implement AI programs that generate results. How can AI and machine learning make the world a better place? Leila Toplic (NetHope) will lead the way in this session, exploring ways in which "smart" software is being used to have an impact on some of humanity's deepest challenges. It’s hard to believe that Global Summit is only two months away! Time is running out, and you won’t want to miss this opportunity to hear the latest from leaders in AI and on disruptive innovations in AR/VR, future of work, impact investing, and more. Get your ticket to Global Summit today, before they’re all gone, and get ready to join the Singularity University community for an unforgettable experience in San Francisco. Use the Futurism exclusive code GS19FUTURISM for 10% off the ticket price. A version of this post was originally published on the Singularity University blog. Singularity University acquired Futurism.com in March of this year. Share This Article 
We can now add one more initiative to the growing list of ways China is using tech to police its population. On Wednesday, the Handan Public Security Bureau in Northern China deployed three types of traffic robots to assist human officers in the city. A report in state-run news agency Xinhua quotes Zhou Zuoying, deputy head of the Ministry of Public Security's Traffic Management Research Institute, as saying the bots' deployment marks China's first use of "robot traffic police." Each of the three types of robots looks slightly different from the others and will serve a unique function, which the Global Times — another state-run outlet — detailed in its own report. One type is a "road patrol robot" designed to look like a human traffic officer, with a yellow uniform and white hat. That bot is capable of identifying drivers and snapping photos of their illegal behavior. Another is an "advice traffic robot." That one will post up in vehicle management stations where it will answer residents' questions and guide them where they need to go. It'll also automatically report any security risks or suspects to police, the Global Times wrote. The third type is an "accident warning robot" designed to let drivers in passing vehicles know when human police have a traffic accident to deal with. The robots will be on duty 24/7, Handan Public Security Bureau official Li Huai told Chinese news site hebnews.cn, according to the Global Times' report, but it isn't clear whether that applies to just one of each type of robot or several. What is clear, though, is that China is leaning into the use of technology for law enforcement. The nation has already deployed facial recognition systems to catch jaywalkers and made RFID tags mandatory in new cars so drivers can't skip out on paying highway tolls. It has also equipped some police officers with facial recognition glasses to help them spot people wanted in connection with crimes. This isn't the first time China has deployed police robots, either — in 2016, its AnBot security robot began making the rounds at the Shenzhen airport, and in 2017, its E-Patrol Robot Sheriff began patrolling streets. It was seemingly only a matter of time before China found a way to use robots to help its traffic officers maintain order — and now, it appears that time has arrived. READ MORE: Hebei begins using traffic robot police, shows China’s AI development [Global Times] More on police robots: Chinese Police Add Facial Recognition Glasses to Their Surveillance Arsenal Share This Article 
It’s not unusual, after a particularly annoying wave of unwanted telemarketing calls or junk texts, to wonder if your phone number somehow ended up on some awful sales list. And, more practically, it's not uncommon to wonder if there’s a way to remove it, since politely asking the callers to do it never seems to work. But there is, in fact, a way to block robocalls, telemarketers, and unwanted texts -- it’s called Uncall, and it can cost as little as a one-time fee of $10 per number. To be clear that's not $10 per month or per year. You pay just once for a lifetime of protection. If your phone number has found its way on any telemarketing lists or even less legitimate corners of the Internet, Uncall has proven methods of either marking it as a “bad conversion” (meaning not worth calling), or removing it from these lists altogether. These methods are effective for both the relatively legit “white hat” lists as well as the more sinister ones found on the “dark web,” which Uncall can deal with so you don’t have to. You probably already know whether or not your number is in the hands of telephonic scoundrels, but the first step in seeing if Uncall can solve the problem is to make sure your number is compatible with Uncall by submitting it for a free “rough analysis” that determines how entrenched your phone number is on the Internet’s various telemarketing and spam call lists. On the first count, your number is almost certainly compatible, since Uncall works with virtually every phone number in existence across multiple countries including the following: US, UK, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy, and Portugal. Assuming you have at least one phone number that would benefit from Uncall’s services, the only thing left for you to do is to decide which price tier is right for you. This isn’t a difficult calculation, since the only variable involved is how many numbers/devices you want to secure. If it’s fewer than five, you’ll want the standard plan, which costs a flat, one-time $15 per number. If it’s five or more, you can get a decent discount by opting for the Enterprise plan, which costs just $10 per number. And just so there’s no misunderstanding: Both of those fees are one time only, even though the service is for life, with monthly checkups on your number’s security, and a lifetime of freedom from annoying junk texts, robocalls, and telemarketers. So head over to Uncall today. It takes about five seconds, and you’ll be well on your way to a clean slate for your phone number. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Russia's massive floating nuclear power plant is destined to make its way across the Arctic Ocean to supply electricity to a remote eastern region, The Guardian reports. The plant, called the Akademik Lomonosov, will travel about 4,000 miles from St. Petersburg to provide power for Pevek, a remote North Eastern Arctic port town. The 70-megawatt plant is capable of generating enough electricity for around 100,000 homes, according to the newspaper. Pevek, however, has only a population of around 5,000, while the surrounding Chukotka Region has 50,000 inhabitants. Russia launched the plant out of the St. Petersburg shipyard in April 2018 — towed however, since it doesn't have a propulsion system of its own. It also reportedly features a pool, gym, and a dry bar on board. But the potential for a natural disaster is substantial, according to some environmentalists. "It's riskier than running an ordinary nuclear-power station, and Russia has a checkered past when it comes to ordinary power stations," Jan Haverkamp, a Greenpeace nuclear-energy expert, told Business Insider. In a recent Greenpeace blog post, Haverkamp likened the power station to "a Chernobyl on ice." In 2018, she called it a "nuclear Titanic." Anna Kireeva, head of communications at the Bellona Foundation, an organization that advocates for environmental issues in the Arctic, also rang alarm bells. “I’m really concerned that such nuclear technologies can be used in countries where levels of nuclear radiation safety, regulation and standards of safety are not on such a high level as in Russia," she told The Guardian. "What will they do with spent nuclear fuel? How will they react in case of emergencies?" But authorities at Rosatom, Russia's State Nuclear Energy Corporation, say they're confident the massive barge is safe. They argue that the Akademik Lomonosov is "virtually unsinkable" and can withstand collisions with icebergs and seven-meter waves, as The Guardian reports. “We studied the experience of Fukushima closely, Dmitry Alekseyenko, head of construction and operation of the power plant told The Guardian. "[What happens] if the platform is hit by a tsunami? Or thrown onshore? According to our tests, a tsunami caused by a nine-point [earthquake] will not dislocate it from its base.” Rosatom has also hit back at Greenpeace. "Their allegations about the dangers posed by the plant are completely baseless," reads a 2018 statement. "Greenpeace has not presented any meaningful scientific evidence to support any unaddressed risks or shortcomings of the plant’s design, which is based on tried and tested technology and has an impeccable track record." Regardless, it might be too late to stop a future where floating nuclear power stations power distant population centers. In fact, Russia is not the only nation interested in constructing floating nuclear power plants. China's National Nuclear Corp announced in March it's planning to build up to 20 floating nuclear plants to bring power to artificial islands in the South China Sea. READ MORE: Fears of 'Chernobyl on ice' as Russia prepares floating nuclear plant [The Guardian] More on the power station: To Power Villages And Oil Rigs, Russia Sent A Nuclear Reactor On A “Tsunami-Proof” Barge Share This Article 
Self-driving car company Optimus Ride just debuted the first public autonomous vehicles in New York City, which will shuttle visitors around the private streets of the Brooklyn Navy Yard, a historic manufacturing hub turned tech incubator. A launch event on Tuesday evening promised rides on the company's self-driving shuttles, so I stopped by — to kick the tires and, naturally, see if the shuttles did what they were supposed to. I listened as VP of engineering Ruijie He explained how the shuttles detect and analyze their surroundings. He described how the vehicles combine visual recordings and LIDAR into a single data stream to get more detailed and higher-resolution input from the vehicle's surroundings. A woman muttered "this is the future" and walked away. Her friend smiled and nodded. He talked about edge cases: unpredictable occurrences like a driver flying through a red light or, perhaps, an absent-minded Futurism reporter wandering into the street. Humans can readily adapt to these little surprises, but for a computer programmed to follow specific rules, it's more difficult. Behind me, a handsome man schlubbed-down in a gray Zuckerberg sweater — in 75-degree weather — warned his friends about computer vision. Which, he believes, will result in "a dystopian fucking nightmare" in which parents will lecture children about incurring the wrath of self-driving cars. A video showed the vehicle's software recognizing various objects as it drove past — red boxes highlight pedestrians on a nearby sidewalk while the vehicle rapidly cycled between 75 and 99 percent certainty that it was looking at a human. He, the engineering VP, said Optimus Ride could make a killing selling off its data, but that wasn't the company's focus. At the same time, he named several specific companies that he said would love to buy their mapping data, simulation models, and video recordings of pedestrian behavior. The overarching message of the event was that running self-driving shuttles on private, largely closed-off streets would pave the way for street-ready autonomous cars that could eliminate the human error that causes so many fatal crashes. "What we're doing is showing New Yorkers how autonomous vehicles will benefit their lives," Optimus Ride CEO Ryan Chin told the crowd, "both at an economical level and a cultural level." It was time to take a ride. My small cynic's brain thought about how it might be cheaper, more efficient, and safer to install a trolley instead of AI-piloted shuttles. In fact, the Brooklyn Navy Yard already had a shuttle bus. But it was also extremely cool to be inside a vehicle that kept steering itself as the guy in the driver's seat dramatically raised his hands like he was riding a roller coaster. Each shuttle sat four passengers and two engineers who hogged the front row. One kept an eye on the road while the other watched a laptop that told him what the vehicle was about to do. When a woman crossed the street in front of us or a cyclist traveled in our lane, the latter muttered that the car was going to stop or swerve. The car did what it was supposed to. The ride was a bit shaky, but it's unclear whether that was because of the vehicle itself or because its AI system was constantly re-evaluating its surroundings. But it felt safe — we slowed down and swerved around a cyclist without leaving the lane. The cars had the entire route mapped out; each destination was already programmed in. The engineers told us that human operators will be in the shuttles for the foreseeable future. When I asked whether that's a matter of building trust with wary passengers or actually sorting out the technology, they responded with one word: "technology." We got dropped off at the ferry, where Head of Product Stephanie Wu was waiting to answer questions while we wait to hitch another ride back. We chatted about what it would take to get from self-driving shuttles on the private, quiet, and spacious roads of the Navy Yard to the chaotic, poorly-maintained streets of New York. One of the next steps, she explained, will be taking safety drivers out of the shuttles and instead having employees remotely monitor the entire fleet at once. "It's gonna be incremental," she told me. "There's a lot of human complexity." Wu explained that each city in which Optimus Ride operates — there are already four others — serves as a different sandbox. For instance, she said that the pedestrians here don't like to follow the rules, so running a shuttle in the area helps them analyze and prepare for unpredictable human behavior. One maneuver eluded the car's AI: a human driver had to take over to execute a three-point turn while another guy standing outside directed him through the maneuver. "There's no fundamental reason we can’t do a three-point turn," Wu explained, reminding me of every time I've told people that I let them win at something to hide my bruised ego. "We're just not right now." When we got back to the party venue, the driver once more grabbed the wheel to pull over behind two other shuttles in a reserved parking spot. The party had died down. A bartender exclaimed "we're in the future!" to a guy who was cackling over his beer, before telling a woman asking for a La Croix that it's now self-serve. I went back outside to watch the last few shuttles pull in. As I drove back home to Queens, there was a dump truck driving in front of me down the BQE. The truck, full of recyclable waste, hadn't been properly closed so it was leaving a trail of garbage in its wake. One sealed bag fell out and the cars behind it gracefully slowed down and served out of the way. Moments later, another bag fell out. By then, the highway had become more congested and there was nowhere to go for the poor driver stuck behind it, so they slowly plowed their way through the trash. The car caught the bag beneath it and dragged it for the next mile, filling the road with the smell of burnt plastic. Even though Optimus Ride's shuttles had no problem navigating the controlled environment of near-empty private roads, I couldn't help but think about how it would fare on a real-world highway — where edge cases turn from thought experiments into literal heaps of trash in the way. More on self-driving cars: Exclusive: A Waymo One Rider’s Experiences Highlight Autonomous Rideshare’s Shortcomings Share This Article 
Although traveling can be one of the most rewarding experiences, preparing for a trip and, the journey to your destination can actually be insanely stressful. This is because it’s hard to adapt to every curve ball that comes your way while journeying to paradise. From flight delays to undesirable weather, it can feel like something’s constantly trying to prevent you from enjoying your travel. However, there’s a way to take the stress out of travel, or at least lower it: the Samsara Smart Suitcase. This tech-savvy luggage incorporates a variety of electronic components into one unit and is redefining the idea of what smart luggage should be. The Samsara Smart Suitcase is the most functional carry on luggage with a built-in USB port sold today. The high-tech, carry-on is definitely a luxury item, but it is made using recyclable materials for a fraction of the price or similar pieces. With it, you’ll look smart and travel intelligently because it includes everything you need on the go. The suitcase is made of aviation aluminum alloy and geared for easy and efficient travel in today’s modern, technological world. This is because the design team at Samsara has developed an unparalleled piece of smart luggage resulting in the most compatible, safe, and secure travel gear around. Regardless, if you’re traveling for business or pleasure, the Samsara’s suitcase is the ideal choice thanks to its state of the art safety features, LED luggage light, and charging compatibility. With the Samsara Smart Suitcase, you’ll be able to relax and enjoy traveling thanks to its unparalleled security features. Which is powered with a built-in battery to give it a multitude of functionalities. Thanks to these upgrades, you’ll never have to panic over where your bag’s gone. This is because you’ll be connected to it with Samsara’s cutting edge mobile app. Once you’re synced up with the app, you’ll get a notification if your carry-on moves away from you. Additionally, you’ll also get alerts if your bag is opened or stolen. This way you’re constantly in sync with your luggage, no matter where you are traveling. Not only that, the app controls the LED light inside the carry on suitcase and monitors your luggage’s battery power percentage. It also features USB-C compatibility so you can charge your laptops, mobile devices, and tablets wherever you are in the world. Samsara’s forward-looking creative team collaborated to rethink the essence of travel — specifically for your needs, blending classic looks and cutting-edge technology with the best carry on luggage for your travels. Because of that, the Samsara’s USB carry on comes equipped with everything you need to pack for your trip including packing bags, toiletries bag, and garment bag. Samsara’s TSA approved luggage also consists of an ergonomic design with a flat top, which allows you a space to work and stay connected wherever you are. All you have to do is choose between black matte or natural silver so you can take your travel experience to the next level. If you’re on the market for a smart piece of luggage that is ergonomically designed and features smart technology, the Samsara Smart Suitcase is for you. It will simplify your travel experience while affording you the ability to stay connected with your bag. This sleek, smart, durable bag is not only an investment into your sanity, but it’s a way to set your mind at ease when you’ve got better things to do, like enjoy your trip. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re getting ready to travel abroad, you’ve probably already started looking into translator apps for your phone. And that makes a lot of sense. There are tons of different translator apps out there, and some of them work really well. The only problem with translator apps? Not only do you need to make sure you have a data connection, which is a whole separate headache, but depending on where in the world you’re traveling, it’s not always a good idea to walk around with your $900 phone in your hand. That’s a good way to get your phone—and all the photos, boarding passes, hotel reservations, credit cards, and any other personal information stored on it—stolen. For that reason, when it comes to surmounting language barriers, we recommend the revolutionary Langogo Pocket AI Language Translator. What makes the Langogo Pocket AI Translator so special? In addition to providing amazingly accurate real-time translations, it also serves as a powerful digital assistant and a global wifi hotspot, all in one. Unlike other translators that rely on a single AI translation engine, Langogo uses a special algorithm that integrates 24 of the world’s most advanced neural machine translation engines, including those developed by Google and Microsoft. As a result, Langogo can translate 105 different languages, even picking up things like context and accents to provide the most accurate translations possible. For convenience, Langogo has two different translation modes: one-button translation and conversation mode. The one-button translation mode is designed for quick, simple interactions, such as ordering something at a restaurant, or telling a cab driver where to go. You simply press a button on the side of the device and talk, and Langogo translates your words into the pre-selected language in less than one second. Conversation mode, by contrast, is designed for more complex interactions. Once activated, Langogo starts listening with dial noise cancellation microphones that pick up any human voices in a 30-inch radius, even in outdoor spaces and noisy rooms. Then Langogo starts translating everything being said so you can actually have a full, hands-free conversation with someone who speaks another language. Of course, while the translation capabilities are outstanding, what really sets this device apart from the competition is its connectivity. The Langogo has three ways to connect to the internet: wifi, a removable SIM card, or eSIM. The first two options work just like they would on any other device. The last, however, is fairly new technology, though you may have heard of it thanks to the iPhone X. An eSIM is just a built-in SIM card. However, unlike a regular SIM, the eSIME is a new, globally recognized SIM platform that allows you to switch back and forth between carriers. That means it will work wherever you are on the globe so long as you have a data plan. And that brings us to the next amazing feature of the Langogo. When you buy one, it comes with a two-year global data plan. This allows you not only to use your Langogo for translations, but as a global wifi hotspot that can connect up to five devices at a time, including your phone, tablet, laptop, and smart watch. When you’re two-year subscription expires, you can purchase a new one directly from your device, or you can get a local plan of your choice using a regular SIM card. Langogo has a 3.1-inch retina display and smooth touch screen control. It also has a voice-activated digital assistant called Euri that works like Siri or Alexa and is perfect for getting directions and food recommendations. So Langogo isn’t just the world’s most accurate pocket translator. It’s a brilliant all-around mobile device that can ably stand in for your phone while exploring the world. The Langogo Pocket AI Translator is a total game-changer that removes language barriers and keeps you fully connected wherever you are on the planet. If you love to travel to far off exotic places, you’d be crazy not to give this device a look. So click here to learn more about the Langogo. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In 2017, Facebook announced that it was working on a brain-computer interface that designed to let users type by simply thinking words. And today, the company revealed for the first time how far it's come in its quest to make such a device a reality. "Imagine a world where all the knowledge, fun, and utility of today’s smartphones were instantly accessible and completely hands-free," reads a Facebook blog post from today. "Where you could connect with others in a meaningful way, regardless of external distractions, geographic constraints, and even physical disabilities and limitations." The meat of today's announcement: Facebook says it's collaborating with researchers at the University of California in San Francisco to build a device that could help patients with neurological damage speak again by analyzing their brain activity in real time. In an article published in the journal Nature Communications today, the team of researchers shared their latest progress on such a device. In the experiments, they asked participants a question and directed them to say the answer out loud. By examining readings from high-density electrocorticography monitors — electrodes that are surgically implanted directly on the surface of the brain — they could figure out the answer with accuracy rates "as high as 61 percent" by looking at brain signals alone. The researchers claim that their results "demonstrate real-time decoding of speech in an interactive, conversational setting, which has important implications for patients who are unable to communicate." But there are plenty of areas that still need work — especially considering the researchers' goal of "real-time decoding speed of 100 words per minute with a 1,000-word vocabulary and word error rate of less than 17 percent," according to Facebook. During the initial trials, the vocabulary of possible answers was extremely limited and the success rate leaves plenty of room for improvement. And then there's the invasiveness of surgically placing electrodes directly on the surface of the brain — a very different model than a sleek headset that's meant for mainstream consumers. But Facebook's Research Lab is already exploring a promising alternative: infrared. By measuring blood oxygenation levels, Facebook believes that it can create a less bulky — and far less invasive — brain-computer interface. In other words, Facebook isn't going to get inside your thoughts any time soon. A device that can allow us all to move a mouse, type Facebook comments, and play games with our thoughts alone is still many years, if not decades, out. And it's also bound to raise plenty of questions concerning privacy. Our thoughts are one of the last safe havens that have yet to be exploited by data hoarding big tech companies. "To me the brain is the one safe place for freedom of thought, of fantasies, and for dissent," Nita Farahany, a professor at Duke University who specializes in neuro-ethics, told MIT Technology Review. "We’re getting close to crossing the final frontier of privacy in the absence of any protections whatsoever." READ MORE: Facebook is funding brain experiments to create a device that reads your mind [MIT Technology Review] More on Facebook's device: Zuckerberg: Facebook is Building a Machine to Read Your Thoughts Share This Article 
In February 2018, 17 people were killed at a Florida high school when a former student attacked them with a legally-purchased assault rifle. In the wake of this tragic event, like far too many before it, people have demanded changes in policies that could stop it from happening again. Instead, however, President Trump has blamed a popular scapegoat: video games. “I’m hearing more and more people say the level of violence on video games is really shaping young people’s thoughts," Trump said during a White House meeting on school safety on February 22, 2018. And you go the further step, and that’s the movies. You see these movies, and they’re so violent. And yet a kid is able to see the movie if sex isn’t involved, but killing is involved, and maybe they have to put a rating system for that.” The president's logic doesn't echo what is found in the scientific literature. Studies conducted over the past few decades have not shown a decisive connection between violent video games and this kind of extreme behavior. In 2005, California attempted to ban the sale of video games to minors; the law was struck down by the Supreme Court six years later. "California’s claim that 'interactive' video games present special problems, in that the player participates in the violent action on screen and determines its outcome, is unpersuasive," the ruling read. The Supreme Court asserted that, like books, plays, and other forms of media, video games qualify for protection under the First Amendment. The decision also noted that psychological studies did not prove that exposure to violent games caused aggressive actions. A 2015 in-depth review study by the American Psychological Association (APA) concluded that violent video games do have an impact on aggression — but the APA noted that there was insufficient evidence to link this kind of exposure to criminal violence, delinquency, or physiological and neurological changes. "All violence is aggression, but not all aggression is violence," according to the APA report. "This distinction is important for understanding this research literature, for considering the implications of the research, and for interpreting popular press accounts of the research and its applicability to societal events." The consensus is that aggressive or violent behavior tends to result from the accumulation of various risk factors. Violent media can contribute to those risk factors, but to claim that they are the root cause of behaviors like mass shootings is a major oversimplification. And there is still no evidence that violent video games cause children to purchase AR-15 assault rifles and shoot up their former high schools like it's "Call of Duty" brought to life. The irony, of course, of reviving the "violent video games precipitate violent behavior" debate, is that Congress actually doesn't allow the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) from studying gun violence as a public health issue. Under what's known as the "Dickey Amendment," passed 22 years ago, the CDC can’t fund gun-related research or use money to “advocate or promote gun control.” What that means: lawmakers — President Trump included — have little to no idea about what causes gun violence or how to stop it. And politicians including Trump are hesitant to push for an intervention that actually works: curbing assault rifle sales. Trump and other politicians are unwilling to do this for fear of losing funding or support from the National Rifle Association (NRA), especially when his popularity numbers hover near an all-time low. If our representatives can't pass legislation to curb these shootings, at least they could get out of the way of well-meaning researchers trying to better understand it. Bringing up the subject of video games time and time again does little more than distract and misinform the public. Share This Article 
When cryptocurrencies first started popping up 10 years ago, for the most part, only gamblers and speculators invested in them. But a lot has changed since then. Today crypto trading has become almost mainstream, and some financial experts believe investors should dedicate two to five percent of their portfolios to crypto assets. That said, cryptocurrencies still display extreme volatility, and cryptocurrency markets are evolving at breakneck speeds. If you’re going to invest in them, you’ll need a reliable trading platform with cutting-edge investing tools, an easy-to-use app, and plenty of expert advice. In short, you’re going to want to invest with eToro. While some high-profile investment gurus still express disdain for cryptocurrencies, ostensibly because they are relatively unproven commodities, others are cautiously optimistic about the future of virtual currencies. Of course, nobody is advising investors to take a full-on plunge into crypto investing. But with the cryptocurrency market now worth an estimated $270 billion, many think you’d be crazy not to get your toes wet. Mike Alfred, CEO of Digital Assets Data, believes bitcoin is the most important asset class of our lifetime, and that every investor should allocate up to 5 percent of their portfolios for crypto assets. David Tawil, president of Maglan Capital, recommends investors own between 2 and 3 percent in crypto assets. Even Mark Mobius has changed his tune. The cofounder of Mobius Capital Partners, who once famously branded bitcoin a “fraud,” now believes cryptocurrencies will be "alive and well" in the future. If you’re ready to get your toes wet in the crypto pool, there’s no better platforms than eToro. First launched in 2007, eToro has been on a mission to democratize traditional investing by opening up financial markets to everyone. Today they specialize in crypto trading, allowing investors to create diversified portfolios with 14 of the most popular coins. These include Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, Dash, XRP, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Stellar Lumens, NEO, EOS, Cardano, IOTA, TRON, and ZCash. EToro is a social trading platform. That means investors can connect and interact like they would on social media, pooling knowledge and sharing investing tips and strategies. The intuitive eToro app features a newsfeed that lets you follow market trends in real time, as well as customizable notifications that alert you to new developments pertaining coins on your “watch list.” When it comes to making trades, eToro gives you a variety of options. Those who like to do things themselves can make manual trades using the app's clean and intuitive interface. EToro even has a cool “virtual portfolio” feature that lets you practice and hone your strategies before you get started. Those who want a little more help can use the innovative CryptoPortfolio feature. With CryptoPortfolio, eToro’s investment experts create and manage a diversified and balanced portfolio of top-performing cryptocurrencies. This kind of service has been around forever with traditional asset classes, but eToro is the first to do it for cryptocurrency. Looking for something in between manual trading and CryptoPortfolio? Coming soon is another revolutionary option called CopyTrader. With CopyTrader, you’ll be able to compare the performance of top traders of the social investing platform and replicate their activity automatically and in real time. When you trade with eToro, you trade with total confidence. With over 10 years experience in the fintech industry, you know eToro’s platform is safe and secure. You also get total transparency. Every trade executed immediately at the price listed with no hidden fees. If you’re thinking it might be time to add cryptocurrencies to your investment portfolio, there’s no better place to start than with eToro. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists and lawyers from the U.K. are fighting with patent offices in three separate countries over who deserves credit for new inventions churned out by artificial intelligence algorithms. Legal experts and American engineer Stephen Thaler, the inventor of an algorithm named Dabus AI, have filed for patents in the U.K., Europe, and the U.S. in Dabus' "name," arguing that the algorithm deserves proper attribution for designing new products, according to BBC News. But the patent offices have pushed back, as traditionally legal rights go to humans. It's an unusual disagreement that illustrates how our legal systems are unprepared to accommodate new, emerging technologies. The scientists believe that Dabus AI deserves legal credit as the inventor of the fractal-based easier-to-grasp food container that it designed, as well as a lamp that it built to flicker in a pattern that mirrors brain activity. Then, legal rights over the creation should go to whomever actually built the algorithm in question. As it stands, the person behind Dabus AI has no legal claim to a patent on the algorithm's inventions. "So with patents, a patent office might say, 'If you don't have someone who traditionally meets human-inventorship criteria, there is nothing you can get a patent on,'" University of Surrey law professor Ryan Abbott told BBC. "In which case, if AI is going to be how we're inventing things in the future, the whole intellectual property system will fail to work." The problem with their case, though, is that even the world's best AI systems are merely tools — they're not alive or sentient, and they're not actually "creative" as a person might be. A spokeswoman from the European Patent Office told BBC that it's hesitant to grant patents to AI because doing so would likely set create unforeseen legal precedents — the office doesn't take upending existing patent law lightly. The requirement for a human inventor behind every patent is meant to keep patents in the hands of inventors instead of corporations, per the BBC. But this sort of worker protection wasn't crafted with the future of AI in mind — the human requirement in the U.K., for example, comes from a patent law written in 1977. "The current state of technological development suggests that, for the foreseeable future, AI is... a tool used by a human inventor," the unnamed spokeswoman told BBC. "Any change... [would] have implications reaching far beyond patent law, ie to authors' rights under copyright laws, civil liability and data protection. The EPO is, of course, aware of discussions in interested circles and the wider public about whether AI could qualify as inventor." Abbott concedes that this is a complex legal matter that could take years to sort out; he doesn't expect Dabus to get its patents overnight. But the fact that this argument is happening now instead of before it became a problem is a troubling sign of how the law tends to lag behind technology, a problem that tends to either give engineers too much free rein or stall them in their tracks. READ MORE: AI system 'should be recognised as inventor' [BBC News] More on AI: You Have No Idea What Artificial Intelligence Really Does Share This Article 
Apple has temporarily halted a program that let humans listen to Siri recordings — including intensely personal audio that users never meant for the digital assistant, nevermind Apple contractors, to hear. "We are committed to delivering a great Siri experience while protecting user privacy," the company told TechCrunch. "While we conduct a thorough review, we are suspending Siri grading globally. Additionally, as part of a future software update, users will have the ability to choose to participate in grading." The suspension of this program comes in the wake of a troubling July story in The Guardian that detailed how human contractors reviewing Siri recordings for Apple regularly hear audio mistakenly recorded by the AI assistant. Those recordings sometimes include extraordinarily private conversations between patients and doctors, as well as drug deals, sex romps, and everything in between. Perhaps most troubling, an anonymous source told The Guardian that finding the identity of the person in a specific recording "wouldn’t be hard." Apple isn't the only major tech company rethinking how it reviews requests to its voice assistant. Just hours prior to Apple announcing the suspension of its Siri grading program, Google announced plans to halt a similar program in which humans listen to and transcribe audio recorded by its Google Assistant. While Apple's suspension will apply worldwide, Google is only stopping its program in the European Union — but the two announcements do have something in common. Similarly to how Apple didn't see a need to suspend and review its program until the world caught wind of it through The Guardian investigation, Google only put a halt to its after a contractor leaked more than 1,000 audio recordings of customer conversations to Belgian news site VRT. This prompted German data-protection authorities to begin investigating the issue, leading to Thursday's announcement that Google would halt the program for three months so it could conduct a thorough review of it. The knowledge that two of the biggest tech companies in the world were allowing human contractors to listen in on their customers' private conversations is troubling. However, that might not be the most alarming aspect of this whole debacle. By suspending these programs for further review, both Apple and Google appear to be acknowledging that they didn't thoroughly consider the implications of the programs — including how people would feel about having their audio heard by other humans — before implementing them. That, or the companies did consider the implications and moved forward with the programs anyways. Hard to say which is worse: the idea that these powerful companies are oblivious to their customers' desires — or that they only care about those desires when they affect their public images. READ MORE: Apple suspends Siri response grading in response to privacy concerns [TechCrunch] More on Apple: Apple Contractors Hear Sex Acts, Drug Deals in Siri Recordings Share This Article 
Why carry keys when you could enter a building with a rice-sized chip implanted under your skin? That convenience drove Epicenter, a Swedish incubator, to allow its employees to have this type of RFID, radio frequency identification, chip implanted for building entry in 2015. Two years later, Swedes could even use these tiny computers to board trains. Now a company in England, BioTeq, is shipping the same type of devices all over the world. These implants, part of a process called biohacking, follow the theme our technological revolution has already set. Our gear gets increasingly smaller, exceedingly digital—and more invasive. As these tech solutions (or problems, depending on how you see them) literally work their way under our skin, the scenario in Nano, Mike Manning’s short-form sci-fi thriller, becomes eerily realistic. As Manning says, “The best sci-fi is a reflection of the present. It’s about the problems and insecurities that currently plague us, only magnified by the genre’s lens of "what-if.” This 16-minute cyberpunk noir starring Brooke Butler and Sebastian Vallentin is a proof-of-concept for a much longer series, and it teases apart a cultural debate unfolding on a public and personal level. When and where can technology interfere with our choices—and when do we know its gone too far? We may not be having these discussions now, but Nano makes them feel uncomfortably close.  In this future Los Angeles, the government is requiring citizens to undergo a previously-elective human enhancement surgery. Everyone must update to “The Nano 2.0,” a body modification application that syncs with nanotechnology in their bloodstreams to seamlessly change their physical states. The Nano has one unexpected potential feature, however — remote paralysis.  Reportedly, the government uses this element to eliminate the potential for criminal activity. They paralyze suspects on command, reducing the risk of conflict. Instant freezing makes guns useless, and Los Angeles sees a dramatic drop in gun related violence. But not all citizens think Big Brother should step in, so completely and from so far away. And so they start to fight back.  “Nano presents the classic debate of privacy and autonomy versus safety and security and drops the viewer squarely in the middle of an argument where both sides are not wrong,” says Manning. The conflict the film confronts has critics calling Nano one of the best Sci-Fi short films of 2017. And who knows, given some time, Nano might be looked back on as a startling prophesy of biohacks-to-come.  Futurism is proud to partner with its creators to bring Nano to all of our media outlets, including Roku, Xumo, YouTube, and Facebook. Share This Article 
The Impossible Whopper is ready to go national. Burger King started selling Whoppers featuring Impossible Foods' plant-based patties at its St Louis restaurants in early April. Weeks later, the company announced plans to add it to the menu in additional markets, noting that it would target a nationwide rollout toward the end of 2019 if the meatless burger did as well in those new regions as it did in St Louis. Now, with summer not even over yet, Burger King says it's going big, adding the Impossible Whopper to the rest of its U.S. locations on August 8. "Since we first launched our market tests in St. Louis in April, and later in six other markets across the country, we’ve heard great feedback," Chris Finazzo, President, North America, Burger King Corporation, said in a press release, adding that the burger "appeals to both current guests who are already big fans of the Whopper sandwich, as well as new guests who are excited about this new option." It's hard to overstate what a huge deal this is for for Impossible Foods. Just three years ago, the company's flagship Impossible Burger was only available at one restaurant — New York's Momofuku Nishi — but by July 2019, it was on the menu at more than 8,000 across the globe. Those numbers are impressive, but Burger King has more than 7,000 locations in the U.S. That means this one deal is going to nearly double the number of restaurants serving the plant-based patties — no surprise, then, that Impossible Foods just inked a deal with OSI Group, a major meat supplier known for producing fast food chain's patties, to help it scale up. Burger King, meanwhile, appears committed to making the Impossible Whopper a success, putting plenty of marketing force behind the new product. From August 8 until September 1, it's even offering customers the option of taking the "Impossible Taste Test," selling them both a standard Whopper and an Impossible Whopper, which normally costs $5.59 alone, for just $7 with free delivery via DoorDash. As Finazzo told CNN Business, "We very much believe in the category" — and that belief could be enough to make plant-based meat as American as fast food fries. READ MORE: The Impossible Whopper is coming to every Burger King in America next week [CNN] More on the Impossible Whopper: Burger King Will Sell Meatless Whoppers Across US This Year Share This Article 
Earlier this year, NASA's Parker Solar Probe flew extremely close to the Sun. Its approach brought it within 15 million miles — far closer than the planet Mercury — from the Sun's surface, traveling at 213,200 miles per hour, which is the fastest any man-made spacecraft has ever traveled. And today, we get to see a glimpse of what the Sun's surface and outer atmosphere looks like at that distance.jup "Parker is an exploration mission — the potential for new discoveries is huge," says Nour Raouafi, Parker Solar Probe project scientist at the Johns Hopkins University. Here's the picture in its full glory: Luckily, NASA has some clarifying words about what we're looking at. The image shows a so-called coronal streamer crossing the "east limb of the Sun."  Oh, and that big white spot in the middle? That's Mercury, in the background. The corona is the Sun's outer atmosphere, which is visible to the untrained eye during a total solar eclipse. Coronal streamers occur when more than the usual quantity of solar particles are released from the Sun's solar winds. The Parker Solar Probe had to travel very quickly to get such a clear view. The Sun rotates once every 27 days, meaning that any spacecraft near it has to keep up, especially given the Sun's massive size. NASA's Parker Solar Probe is trying to answer some pretty big questions about our star: why is the corona so hot compared to the surface below it? How does solar wind accelerate so quickly? How do the Sun's most energetic particles shoot away from the Sun at more than half the speed of light? Thanks to the Parker Solar Probe, we will soon know a lot more about the underlying physics of that big blob of hot plasma at the center of our solar system. Editor's note: an earlier version of this article misstated which planet was brightly visible in the image. It has been updated.  READ MORE: NASA's Parker Solar Probe got closer to the sun than ever before [Engadget] More on the solar probe: NASA's solar probe just broke two world records Share This Article 
With many products, you have a choice between digital and analogue. You can get an analogue watch with a dial and moving hands, or you can get smart watch with a digital touchscreen. You can read a physical book made out of paper and cardboard, or you can read a digital copy on your e-reader or tablet. You can play the vinyl LP of your favorite band’s new album, or you stream it on your phone. Generally speaking, there are not a lot of gadgets that let you have it both ways. However, in a bit of cool news for chess enthusiasts, one gadget that does combine both digital and analogue is the Square Off Chess Set. When it comes to chess, playing online obviously has a ton of advantages over playing on an analogue board. For starters, you’re selection of opponents is essentially unlimited. Thanks to computers and the Internet, you can find either a real, human opponent or an AI opponent literally any time you want, day or night. And, provided you have access to the web, you can play anywhere you want, whether you’re standing on a crowded bus or sitting in your own bathroom. On the other hand, while playing chess online may be extraordinarily convenient, it does come at a cost. As anyone who grew up playing the game on an old-fashioned chess board knows, there is simply nothing like the beauty and the feel of actual pieces. That’s where the Square Off Chess Set comes in. Square Off made a pretty big splash at CES 2019 back in January, and it’s not hard to understand why. Designed by Mumbai-based consumer electronics company Infivention, the Square Off Chess Set looks like a regular chess set, with handcrafted wooden pieces and a beautiful two-toned finish. However, unlike a regular chess set, the Square Off board features fully-automated movements, which means your opponent's pieces move all by themselves. Who are your opponents? Well, that’s the best part. With Square Off, you can play the advanced AI, which features 20 difficulty levels ranging from beginner to grand master. Or, if you want a human opponent, you can connect the Square Off to your smartphone or tablet, and from there you can play any of the 24 million human players on Chess.com using the Chess.com mobile app. When you use the Square Off Chess Set with the Chess.com app, the board basically acts as an analogue input/output device, and it works whether or not the player on the other end has their own Square Off Chess Set. When you move a piece, it either shows up on their phone, or the corresponding piece moves on their Square Off Chess Set. When they move a piece, whether on their phone or their Square Off Chess Set, the corresponding piece moves on your Square Off board. In this way, you can literally play anybody—from a total stranger on the other side of the world, to your granddad on the other side of town—and their movements show up right before your eyes. The Square Off is currently available in the 19x19 inch “Kingdom Set” edition, or in the slightly wider “Grand Kingdom Set” edition. As you would expect, given the tech involved, neither of them is cheap. However, if you’re a serious chess player, and you want the tactile and aesthetic experience of a traditional board with the convenience online play, the Square Off Chess Set is worth every single penny. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For parents in America, back-to-school shopping this year is about more than buying notebooks and binders — it's about giving their child the best possible chance of surviving a school shooting. From Texas to Tennessee, Florida to Idaho, local news stations are reporting an uptick in the number of parents purchasing bulletproof backpacks for their kids in anticipation of the 2019 school year — a disheartening sign of how desperate parents are to keep their children safe as gun violence rages in American schools. On paper, it's easy to see the appeal of bulletproof backpacks — take something kids are going to bring to school with them anyways and tweak it to serve a secondary purpose as a shield against gunfire. The problem, though, is that bulletproof backpacks aren't quite as "bulletproof" as their name implies. When a North Carolina sheriff's department recently tested Guard Dog Security's $174 backpack's ability to withstand gunshots, they found it was able to stop bullets from several handguns and pistols as advertised — but a rifle bullet went clean through it. Other bulletproof backpacks on the market are equally ineffective against rifle shots — and given that mass shooters are increasingly favoring assault rifles such as the AR-15, students with bulletproof backpacks might end up no safer in a shooting scenario than those attending school with a standard JanSport. And while parents are springing for bulletproof backpacks, which can cost upwards of $500 apiece, schools are trying to prevent the first bullet from ever being fired. Across the nation, some are installing surveillance systems that use facial recognition and other technologies to identify early warning signs of violence. Others are using artificial intelligence to monitors students’ emails and social media accounts for similar clues. Some schools are even sending teachers to three-day training courses where they learn how to use their own guns to respond to school violence — and laws making it legal for them to have those guns in the classroom are passing in states across the nation. It's still too early to know whether most of these controversial initiatives will have the desired effect of keeping students safer in the future — but for the parents buying bulletproof backpacks, even the slightest increase in their child's chances of coming home at the end of the school day is worth their cost. As one parent told Orlando news station FOX 35, "You got to do what you got to do to protect your child." READ MORE: Bulletproof backpacks on back-to-school list of many concerned Houston-area parents [Houston Chronicle] More on school shootings: A Company Claims Its AI Has Prevented 16 School Shootings Share This Article 
As a part of their Explorer Series, Allianz is bringing a team of innovators to MoMA’s PS1 for a night full of urban sustainability solutions. You’ll have the chance to collaborate with experts and forge connections with your NYC neighbors who also believe that they can lead the charge in the sustainable revolution. One such New York City organization helping to achieve this is Green City Force. Every day, young adults with big dreams and potential are forced to take dead-end jobs that (barely) pay their bills, thanks to hurdles like education inequality, crippling student debt, and a lack of access to expensive or unpaid training programs and internships.  But one Green City Force is changing that, and transforming New York City in the process.  Green City Force is a non-profit AmeriCorps organization that works with the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) to train the young residents of NYCHA buildings for careers in the green economy. Through their program, Corps Members realize that along with paying well, a career in the rapidly growing green economy also allows them to improve their communities and power a sustainable revolution.   That need for sustainability has never been more urgent. NYCHA already serves 500,000 New Yorkers, or about as many as the entire population of Atlanta. With looming global issues like a rising urban population, the climate crisis, and growing income inequality, city officials worldwide are already having to plan for a future where they can sustainably house, employ, and feed billions more people.  That’s where Green City Force comes in. Four days per week, Corps Members engage in public-private partnership initiatives including educating public housing residents on citywide recycling programs, driving weatherization campaigns, distributing energy-efficient light bulbs, and creating urban farms as big as two acres full of organic produce that residents can receive in exchange for composting or volunteering.  Introducing progressive ideas about sustainability can be challenging. But one of the reasons that Green City Force so successfully penetrates NYCHA communities is its credible messenger model. Each initiative, at its core, is simply one resident talking to another.  “Sometimes sustainability is the last thing on NYCHA residents’ minds, but they’re hearing about it directly from people they can relate to,” said Bahij Chancey, a senior manager at Green City Force. “Older NYCHA residents see the young people of their community involved in positive changes, and want to get on board.”  One day a week, Corps members receive training in eco-literacy and the green economy. After they’ve completed the program, Green City Force taps into their ever-expanding network of corporate partners and alumni to help 80% of the graduates find a job within six months.  “A lot of these young people were unemployed and didn’t know how to enter the workforce, or were in jobs with no room for advancement,” noted Chancey. “But they complete the program and instead of working for a paycheck, they have a new passion and urgency for this work because they see themselves as the solution. They have a big task on their hands, but they take it with a lot of enthusiasm. There is a big attitude of, ‘I’m ready to change the world.’”  Ready to learn how you, too, can do your part in changing the world? Check out Allianz’s Explorer Series event in New York City.  Allianz is bringing a team of innovators to MoMA’s PS1 for a night full of urban sustainability solutions. You’ll have the chance to collaborate with experts and forge connections with your NYC neighbors who also believe that they can lead the charge in the sustainable revolution. Tickets are going fast, so get yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with Allianz, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Astronomers have a new theory about the formation of supermassive black holes. Extremely bright objects that first appeared close to the birth of the universe — theoretical objects called "dark stars" — could have seeded supermassive black holes over millions of years, according to a new Astronomy story about University of Michigan physicist Katherine Freese. Dark stars wouldn't have been much like the stars we're used to: rather than balancing out gravitational forces with heat dissipated by nuclear fusion reactions, dark stars would have been far less dense, mostly made up of hydrogen and helium. That means they could have swelled up to outrageous sizes compared to today's stars. The energy that stopped them from collapsing in on themselves is thought to have come from dark matter particles — which have still never been observed directly — that annihilate each other, releasing energy in the process. "They can keep growing as long as there is dark matter fuel," Freese told Astronomy. "We've assumed they can get up to 10 million times the mass of the Sun and 10 billion times as bright as the Sun, but we don't really know. There is no cutoff in principle." In 2016, for instance, the Atacama Large Millimeter Array in northern Chile spotted a supermassive black hole that was 660 million times as massive as the Sun. Dark stars would have been anything but "dark." In fact, they are thought to have been much brighter than the Sun. So why haven't astronomers spotted a dark star yet? Astrophysicists' best guess is that they existed in the era after the Big Bang — and we have yet to find a way to glimpse such ancient stellar history. But luckily, scientists at NASA are building a telescope sensitive enough to one day spot dark stars — the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST). In a 2012 study, scientists from the Royal Astronomical Society at Oxford University proposed using the telescope to detect supermassive dark stars from the early stages of the universe. Astronomers at NASA also believe that the JWST could allow us to catch glimpses of the early cosmos. "Looking for the first stars and black holes has long been a goal of astronomy," said Rogier Windhorst of Arizona State University, Tempe in a 2018 NASA statement. And Reese is hopeful as well. "If a dark star of a million solar masses were found [by James Webb] from very early on, it's pretty clear that such an object would end up as a big black hole," Freese told Astronomy. "Then these could merge together to make supermassive black holes. A very reasonable scenario!" While astronomers have been excited to start studying data from the JWST, the project has unfortunately been in development hell for over two decades. In June 2018, the project was rescheduled for March 2021. But if the JWST does ever make its way into space, it could provide tantalizing new data on dark stars and supermassive black holes — and we'd also be one step closer to understanding the early days of the universe. READ MORE: Dark stars: The seeds of supermassive black holes? [Astronomy] More on dark matter: Stars Torn From Galaxies Let Astronomers “See” Dark Matter  Share This Article 
Right now technology is evolving so fast, it’s starting to get difficult to imagine what the future might look like. The only thing we know for sure is that pretty much everything will be powered by AI. So if you want to be a part of that future you’d better get up to speed on AI right now. And luckily, that’s actually easier than it sounds thanks to The Artificial Intelligence Engineer Master Class Bundle from Certs School. Broadly speaking, artificial intelligence is the science of simulating human intelligence, or teaching machines and computers to perform human tasks. Of course, when most people think of AI, they think of perfectly rational self-aware robots and computers like you see in popular science fiction. However, while some scientists are trying to create computer programs that can correctly interpret human emotions and social situations, we’re nowhere near being able to teach computers to think for themselves. The kind of AI that’s going to change the world is called machine learning, and machine learning is basically just math. With machine learning, computers use learning algorithms to sort through massive amounts of data, relying on patterns instead of explicit instructions to make inferences and build increasingly complex mathematical models, which can then be used to perform a wide array of tasks. This type of AI is already being used in a number of existing technologies. It powers computer assistants like Siri and Alexa. It powers the image recognition software you use in Google image search, Facebook, and the photo apps on your phone. It powers the speech recognition software on your phone or smart home device. It powers self-driving cars. It powers medical software that calculates the correct dosages of cancer treatments. It powers facial recognition software used by national security agencies. It powers the fraud detection software used by financial institutions. And that’s just scratching the surface. The possibilities for AI are almost limitless. All we need are software engineers who know how to build AI applications. That’s where the Artificial Intelligence Engineer Master Class Bundle comes in. The Artificial Intelligence Engineer Master Class Bundle from Certs School will get you up to speed on AI, machine learning, deep learning, and data science, providing you with the tools you need to help pioneer the next wave of AI breakthroughs. Your subscription gives you 24/7 access to five online courses and 85 total hours of training for one full year. And each course is designed to let you learn at your own pace. With this bundle you will: An education of this caliber would cost you thousands of dollars at a college or university. However, right now you can enroll in Certs School’s Artificial Intelligence Engineer Master Class Bundle through Stack Social for less than $60. If you want to get in on the ground floor of the AI revolution, you need to jump on this deal right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you use Apple's AI-powered voice assistant Siri  — or own a Siri-enabled device — there's a chance a human on the other side of the world may be listening to you have sex right now. Or they may be hearing that conversation you had with your boss about a new marketing strategy. Or that awkward exchange with your doctor about a really private medical problem. That's the takeaway from a troubling new Guardian story in which an Apple whistleblower details how the company lets contractors review audio of users' Siri commands — as well as recordings never actually meant for Siri's digital ears — to improve the digital assistant. To hear Apple tell it, though, the whole review process seems rather innocuous. The company told The Guardian it regularly sends Siri activations to "secure facilities" where human reviewers listen to the clips, which are usually just a few seconds long and stripped of the Apple user's ID and name. These contractors grade the audio snippets, noting whether the AI handled the request appropriately and any mistakes, such as Siri thinking it had heard its “wake word” when it didn’t. Fewer than 1 percent of all Siri activations are subjected to this process, Apple said, and the goal is to improve Siri's ability to understand and assist users. But as The Guardian discovered, there are several key problems with Apple's activation vetting process — and how the company describes it to users. For one, Apple doesn't explicitly state in the privacy documentation it develops for consumers that humans might be listening in when they talk to Siri. It also doesn't put much effort into hiring trustworthy contractors or making sure the audio clips can't be traced to their sources, the whistleblower told The Guardian. "There’s not much vetting of who works there, and the amount of data that we’re free to look through seems quite broad," they said, later adding that "it’s not like people are being encouraged to have consideration for people’s privacy, or even consider it. If there were someone with nefarious intentions, it wouldn’t be hard to identify [people on the recordings]." Perhaps the most troubling revelation in The Guardian story, though, is the regularity with which these human reviewers hear audio that wasn't even meant for Siri. "There have been countless instances of recordings featuring private discussions between doctors and patients, business deals, seemingly criminal dealings, sexual encounters and so on," the whistleblower said. "These recordings are accompanied by user data showing location, contact details, and app data." The recordings can also be far longer than the few seconds Apple described to The Guardian, with the whistleblower noting that some can last upwards of 30 seconds. It's not entirely surprising that Apple lets humans review audio recorded by their AI assistants, given that we already knew that Amazon and Google do the same thing. And it also looks like digital assistants are not only here to stay, but that they'll be even more ubiquitous in the future, meaning these companies probably aren't going to stop attempting to perfect the tech any time soon. So, if Apple, Google, Amazon, and the rest of the tech giants are determined to let humans review audio recorded by their AI assistants, maybe they should all focus on perfecting just one aspect of the tech first: training the assistants to listen only when spoken to. READ MORE: Apple contractors 'regularly hear confidential details' on Siri recordings [The Guardian] More on AI assistants: Amazon Workers Listen to Your Alexa Conversations, Then Mock Them Share This Article 
If you’ve ever found yourself thinking, boy, it sure would be swell if they turned that Futurism Cartoons Instagram into one of those old-fashioned paper book thingies like you see in old movies, we’ve got some really good news for you. It’s happening. This fall, Running Press, a division a Hachette Book Group, is publishing Cartoons from Tomorrow: A Futuristic Comic Collection. Written by Luke Kingma and illustrated by Lou Patrick Mackay, the book will feature 125 single-panel comics, including 80 all-new cartoons that haven’t been published. And best of all, the book is now available for pre-order. For those who don’t already follow the comic series, it was created by Kingma and Mackay back in 2017. It takes a satirical and often absurdist look at humanity’s evolving relationship with science and technology, offering half-serious predictions about what the future might look like that. At the same time, it makes poignant observations about some of the coolest and most terrifying things happening in our world today.  The cartoons cover a wide variety of topics including artificial intelligence, robot ethics, technology addition, alien life, environmental degradation, and space colonization. And yes, sometimes things get political. As English writer G.K. Chesterton once observed, the truth can be told either in long sentences or short jokes. Cartoons from Tomorrow opts for the latter, using humor to explore truths involving science and technology and their role in both our present and future society. “Science fiction plays an enormous role in shaping public understanding and sentiment around emerging technology,” Kingma explains. “With Futurism Cartoons, we wanted to go even deeper. We wanted those conversations to happen every day, not every 1-2 years. We also wanted to break out of the habit of asking, ‘What’s the worst that could happen?’ Technology can be good. It can also be weird. Those stories aren’t really being told.” Cartoons from Tomorrow takes everything people love about the Futurism Cartoons Instagram and puts it into an old-fashioned format. In the process, the cartoons are transformed and elevated from mere “content” to actual ideas, which in turn alters the way they are perceived. The book is already getting high praise. "Clever and clear, Cartoons from Tomorrow visits everything from humanoid super robots to parallel and virtual realities, but humanity still dates and shops and sings karaoke. This is tomorrow through the eyes of today."―Amy Kurzweil, cartoonist for The New Yorker "Wry and often ingenious, it's like Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal meets The New Yorker. But watch out-there are glimmers of that dangerous substance: hope."―David Brin, Futurist/scientist/best-selling author "The future isn't what it used to be. But if we can't have flying cars and moon colonies, at least we can get some laughs, courtesy of this fine collection of cartoons that shine a light on the technological and social absurdities of our fallen age."―Zack Stentz, writer for Thor and X-Men: First Class Cartoons from Tomorrow: A Futuristic Comic Collection is set for release nationwide on September 17, 2019, in paperback and e-book formats. However, you can click here to pre-order your copy, today. Share This Article 
A new preprint study suggests that tiny amounts of dark matter — the mysterious material that seems to make up about 85 percent of the matter in the universe — could behave like high-speed projectiles, capable of tearing through human flesh. It's a pretty outlandish claim to make — especially considering we haven't really found direct evidence of dark matter yet. We don't really know what it looks like, what it's made of, and how it interacts with other matter, as Live Science points out. But lead author, Jagjit Singh Sidhu, a doctoral candidate in the physics department at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, makes the distinction between tiny subatomic dark matter particles and huge collections of dark matter particles — or macros, as Sidhu calls them. "Collisions of a macro with a human body would result in serious injury or death," reads the abstract of the preprint of Sidhu's research, published by arXiv earlier this month. His submission has yet to be peer reviewed. "Macros could possibly have masses up to the size of a small planet," Sidhu told Live Science. Upon impact, the heat generated would be enough to melt a tunnel through human flesh — a gory and terrifying theory as to what would happen when the human body is exposed to dark matter, and perhaps a blueprint for futuristic military weapons. "The closest analogy to a macro collision with a human being is a gunshot wound," reads the study. Other studies have explored what would happen with the human body if it were to ever collide with dark matter, or more specifically Weakly Interacting Massive Particles (WIMPs) — the most popular hypothesis as to what dark matter is made of for many years. WIMPs are believed to be about a million times heavier than an electron and were created thermally during the creation of the universe. They don't interact with other matter in the same way that our Standard Model of particle physics suggests. Important to note: not all dark matter human body collision theories are quite as grim as Sidhu's. A 2012 study published by preprints archive arXiv led by Katherine Freese, theoretical astrophysicist and physics professor at the University of Michigan, concluded that WIMP collisions are "harmless to humans." That's because the amount of radiation the body is exposed to thanks to these collisions is "negligible compared to that from other natural sources, including radon and cosmic rays." In fact, Reese concluded that billions of WIMPs of a certain mass pass through the human body per second and only some of them, roughly ten in a year, hit one of the nuclei in the human body — most likely oxygen and hydrogen nuclei, according to Reese. Of course, both Sidhu and Reese are making some fairly substantial assumptions. Some physicists are even starting to doubt the existence of WIMPs, seeking to dethrone it as the primary candidate for what constitutes dark matter. While plenty of studies have attempted to prove that they exist, most of them have been called into question in recent years. But there is a new candidate on the horizon: the axion, a minuscule particle that's a billion times lighter than an electron. And how exactly axion collisions could effect or alter the human body is still a mystery. READ MORE: 'Dark Matter Bullets' Could Tear Through the Human Body, Wild New Study Suggests [Live Science] More on dark matter: Astronomers Find Isolated Galaxy Packed Full of Dark Matter Share This Article 
Neom sounds like something straight out of a science-fiction novel. The in-development Saudi Arabian city-state will have robot maids, flying taxis, and glow-in-the-dark sand, according to confidential planning documents reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. An artificial moon will light up the sky every night, and a Jurassic Park-style island will let visitors mingle with robot dinosaurs. But also buried in the 2,300 pages of planning documents obtained by the WSJ are plans for the forcible relocation of local tribes, the creation of human gene-editing clinics, and 24/7 government surveillance — meaning this futuristic city may be more like dystopian sci-fi than the fun Jetsons kind. Since 2017, Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, better known as MBS, has been working with teams of consultants to develop his vision for the $500 billion city in the currently barren northwestern corner of Saudi Arabia. It won't be desert for long, though — MBS plans to use "cloud seeding" to produce rain over Neom, cooling the city and making fresh produce widely available. Future citizens not interested in visiting the farmer's markets will instead be able to make reservations at a Michelin-star restaurant, which Neom aims to have more of per inhabitant than any other place in the world, according to the plans. As for what else you'll find in Neom, the WSJ notes plans for world-class schools with hologram teachers, the planet's best-paying jobs, and glow-in-the-dark sand, because, well, that's what MBS wants, two people familiar with the project told the WSJ. "Neom is all about things that are necessarily future-oriented and visionary," Neom Chief Executive Nadhmi al Nasr told the WSJ. "So we are talking about technology that is cutting edge and beyond — and in some cases still in development and maybe theoretical." It'd be easy to get distracted by all the shiny things detailed in the Neom planning documents — but the futuristic city also sounds suspiciously like a totalitarian surveillance state. "This should be an automated city where we can watch everything,” Neom's founding board is quoted as saying in the documents, according to the WSJ. "[A city] where a computer can notify crimes without having to report them or where all citizens can be tracked." That means while you're chilling on the glowing beach, daydreaming about your next prix fixe meal, a drone equipped with facial-recognition technology will likely be transmitting your location to Neom's "1984"-esque law enforcement officials. While on that beach, you likely won't see any natives — they'll have long since been "relocated" — but you might see a higher than expected population of buff people. That'll be thanks to all the medical clinics genetically modifying Neom's citizens to be stronger, not to mention smarter — meaning MBS might not just be planning to create the city of the future, but the humans of it as well. READ MORE: A Prince’s $500 Billion Desert Dream: Flying Cars, Robot Dinosaurs and a Giant Artificial Moon [The Wall Street Journal] More on futuristic cities: Aliens, Autonomous Cars, and AI: This Is the World of 2118 Share This Article 
When will the first person die via sentient sex robot? What about the first death in deep space? For that matter, who'll be the first person to escape the traditional age of death — living to be 1,000 years old, or even far longer? It's time to make some guesses. The current most common causes of death are pretty predictable: heart disease, cancer, and "accidents," according to the Center for Disease Control. Now imagine that list a century or two from now. Here's what we're expecting. 1. Boiling from the inside when your off-brand spacesuit springs a leak You'd think that if you were going to be careening through the vast cold empty grip of outer space you'd want the highest quality gear standing between you and the alien elements. But if you're still buying off-brand cold medicine to save a buck, that thrifty decision-making is likely to scale to other-worldly proportions. Case in point: your off-brand spacesuit. The 500,000+ pieces of space junk orbiting Earth are terrifying. Shrapnel travels at speeds up to 17,500 mph, twisting into a tornado of metal ready to rip into your budget-conscious suit. It's also possible that a micrometeoroid, or some other piece of orbital debris, could hit a part of your spaceship — like the handrails, for instance — making a sharp edge that could subsequently cut your suit or glove on contact. If something does rupture your suit, don't try to hold your breath. If you try to breathe in during sudden decompression in the vacuum of space, your lungs could rupture. Alternatively, the reduced pressure lowers the boiling point of your bodily fluids — a condition called ebullism. Basically, you start to boil from the inside. The liquid water in your bloodstream and tissue turns to vapor. This might just cause some swelling and bruising as you gasp for air, or an air bubble in the blood stream — blocking blood from getting to the heart and lungs. Ebullism isn't just a hypothesis, either — one man survived it and lived to tell the tale. In 1966, a 24-year old NASA tech was testing a space suit in a vacuum chamber when he experienced a rapid loss of suit pressure. According to Michael Barratt, a physician and a NASA astronaut specializing in aerospace medicine, the man "recalled the sensation of saliva boiling off his tongue before losing consciousness." Thankfully, the chamber was re-pressurized. The tech was awake and alert by the next day, according to The Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine. In space, you likely won't be that fortunate. Luckily you'll pass out within 15 seconds from a lack of oxygen anyway. Then finally die in about another minute. A truly out of this world way to go. 2. Getting killed by a sex robot Sex with robots is a near-guaranteed aspect of our future. In fact, it's sort of already an option. One of the most popular types futuristic companion on the market is The RealdollX — that link is super NSFW, needless to say — an AI-driven robotic doll from Abyss Creations. It can express emotion, move its head, and even attempt conversation. The bot is designed to run with Realbotix’s customizable AI software “Harmony AI." Someday, humans could develop a more sophisticated AI to power these sex bots — the great great grandchild of innovations like AlphaGo and Sophia. With batteries that last longer and charge faster, could something else become long lasting enough to kill you, the user, from exhaustion? Or could that programmed jealousy turn into something a little more dangerous? Especially with the question of sentience or the singularity at hand — and potentially only decades away. Matt McMullen, CEO of Realbotix and RealDoll and creator of the sex robot, Harmony isn't concerned — for now. “We're just getting started with this and it's in its infancy. We don't have the AI you see in Westworld. We don't have the robots you see in Westworld. We're barely getting going," he told Forbes.  Perhaps in the future after reaching the singularity, your life-size sex doll decides it's ready to taste human flesh, or maybe weaponized sex robots start trying to seduce us before going in for the kill. Either way, this one gives a whole new meaning to "going out with a bang." 3. Ceasing to exist when someone unplugs the simulation Back in 2003, Nick Bostrom published "Are you Living in a Computer Simulation?" — a paper that asserts we're likely living in a simulated reality. His theory is partially based on the assumption that, in the future, we'll have enormous amounts of computing power that enable incredibly advanced simulations. Assuming this is true, later generations might use these computers to run tons of super-powerful and detailed simulations of their ancestors. In the nesting-doll of universes that would lead to, it'd be far more likely that we're living in one of those fake realities than that we're living in the "top-level" reality. Some tech billionaires are even reportedly paying scientists to try to break us free of the simulation on the off-chance that we are already in it. Is breaking out a good idea? Bostrom doesn't think so. "It’s kind of unwise to try to break out of the hypothetical simulation," he told Vulture. "The chances of success are negligible. If it doesn’t work, it’s a waste of money, and if it does, it might be a calamity." If the theory's true, nobody knows what motivates those who control the simulation. Perhaps they'll get bored the same way we do when playing The Sims and decide to start a new game – resulting in the end for us. Or maybe some overworked IT drone will trip over the server's power cord.  In that case, everything could go dark while you're sitting on your hover-couch watching the 2100 Olympics and eating a bowl of cereal intravenously. No quick save. Good night. The end. 4. Impaled on the tusk of a resurrected woolly mammoth at a futuristic zoo Imagine taking your family to the zoo, centuries from now, and catching a glimpse of a real life woolly mammoth. Harvard geneticist George Church and his team have made the de-extinction of the woolly mammoth their mission. In 2015, Church's team  successfully spliced the DNA of a woolly mammoth into the genome of its closest living relative, the Asian elephant, using CRISPR. This was a great first step, but there are many challenges when it comes to scaling genetic engineering to, well, mammoth proportions. The task would likely involve artificial wombs, and a ton of time. The resulting creature won't be as much a mammoth as an elephant/mammoth hybrid, but it's the best chance we have for resurrection. If you've ever seen a depiction of a mammoth you know they're, well, woolly. Their shaggy hair is incredibly inviting. Children and adults alike will want to pet them. And you are no exception. You lean too far forward over the fence as soon as one stirs — you could surely be its friend. But instead, you tumble into the enclosure – grabbing a tuft of its fur on the way down. Woolly mammoths were about the size of African elephants (11 ft and 6 tons, or 12,000 lbs — about four compact cars) and their tusks were about 15 feet long. It wouldn't take much force for the creature to whip around, impaling you like a human kabob on a prehistoric skewer. 5. The Earth is struck by a six-mile-wide asteroid In 2016, NASA sent a craft called OSIRIS-REx on the first-ever asteroid return mission to near-Earth asteroid, Bennu. Because Bennu's basic composition would have been established during the first 10 million years of the solar system, it could hold the keys to understanding the origins of life. But NASA also chose to study the 1,650-foot-wide asteroid for a different reason: because it could collide with our home planet in the late 22nd century. That might sound intimidating, but there's only a 0.037 percent chance Bennu will actually hit the Earth, according to NASA. And even if Bennu did beat the odds, "we're not talking about an asteroid that could destroy the Earth," OSIRIS-REx principal investigator Dante Lauretta told Space.com "We're not anywhere near that kind of energy for an impact." So what if Bennu was bigger? Like, a lot bigger? Imagine an asteroid six miles across, the size of the one thought to have killed off the dinosaurs, was heading our way. In 2017, the journal Geophysical Research Letters published an analysis of simulated asteroid impacts and how they'd affect human populations. The paper cited several main potential threats: wind blast, overpressure shock, thermal radiation, cratering, seismic shaking, ejecta deposition, and tsunami. One of the big takeaways: death by asteroid-induced tsunami is less of a threat than they originally thought. Instead, 60 percent of all simulated asteroid deaths in the study were caused by wind and pressure. An asteroid six miles wide would approach the Earth at about 19 miles per second, according to Britt Scharringhausen, Associate Professor and Department Chair of Physics and Astronomy at Beloit College. Nothing can slow it down — instead, it will "punch through the atmosphere like it's hardly even there," Scharringhausen says. Whether the asteroid hits land or sea, it'll vaporize the crust resulting in a massive crater — more than a 62 miles of rock will be jettisoned into the air, and some of the debris will even reach space. The pressure alone could rupture your internal organs, while a wind blast could wreak all sorts of havoc on buildings, cars, and living tissue. Unless you're really resourceful or damn lucky, you'll probably end up dying in the initial catastrophe. If for any reason you don't, you'll meet your final demise in the ensuing years due to lack of food or the fiery, ash-raining atmosphere that blocks out the sun for at least a year. Luckily, NASA and FEMA are preparing for any sort of asteroid impact scenario. Given enough lead time, researchers could knock an asteroid off its crash course with the Earth – or maybe Bruce Willis will be available to assist. 6. Perishing in a fiery wreck when internet pranksters hack all the self-driving cars to crash simultaneously Internet pranksters can't be stopped. In 2009, they voted the 4chan founder to the top of the Time 100 poll. Online mobs are also the reason we have a UK research vessel named Boaty McBoatface. Internet trolls are the ones responsible for turning Tay, Microsoft's optimistic machine learning chatbot, into a sex-crazed Nazi in under 24 hours. Then there are even darker examples, like swatting or doxxing. Still, it only takes one really awful troll really screw up your day by hacking your car. One hacker reported to Motherboard that he was capable of accessing two vehicle-monitoring apps to see where users cars' were located, access drivers’ private information, and even kill the engines remotely. "I can absolutely make a big traffic problem all over the world," the hacker told Motherboard. "I have [full] control [of hundreds] of thousands of vehicles, and by one touch, I can stop these vehicles engines." As self-driving technology develops, both white hat hackers groups and malicious hackers will likely follow suit and hone their skills. Even as anti-hacking tech like faraday cages, becomes more common it seems that large scale hacks aren't going anywhere — and will continue to grow more sophisticated as well. Let's say a group of future hackers come together with the intent to crash all self-driving cars simultaneously. By 2020, we could have as many as 10 million self-driving cars on the road in the U.S. By 2030, that number will more than double, with 20.8 million self-driving cars — more than the total amount of cars currently registered in the entire state of California. Imagine if a hacker suddenly gained control of them all. It would be complete chaos, with 20 million cars all crashing at once — more than quadruple the number of annual car accidents in the U.S. The mass bloodshed would be unfathomable. Aside from massive pile ups, t-bone collisions, and driving off bridges, every cyclist and pedestrian would be in danger — even the Boy Scout helping grandma cross the street. The couple non-autonomous drivers left panic. Someone inevitably hits you — but your airbag has been hacked too. Not a great way to go. All the self-driving ambulances won't be able to get to you, or the autonomous hearses. And you thought autonomous cars were supposed to be safer. 7. Dying in blissful old age after automation and basic income grant you a leisurely life to explore the arts, sciences and hobbies  So far, death is inevitable. However, as scientists begin to explore more about human biological processes, that fate starts to feel less certain. Take British biologist Aubrey de Grey, for instance. He believes the first human being that will live to be 1,000 years old has already been born. Aging, de Grey believes, should be treated like a disease — it has symptoms, and can be cured or at least managed. We just haven't honed in on the right approach yet. In a recent study, young blood transfusions seemed to show promise in fighting neurological aging symptoms in mice. But there's still a lot of controversy over the treatment. Especially after the most well-known young blood supplier, Ambrosia ceased treating patients in February 2019 after the FDA warned the public against the last of regulation around such transfusions. There's also Google's Calico, a biology company with the stated goal of “solv[ing] death;" Human Longevity, Inc. which uses algorithms to predict an individuals risk of cancers or other genetic conditions; and Verily, another Google subsidiary, which creates devices that improve quality of life for people with chronic illnesses. Most recently, in February 2019, a group of researchers from Harvard, MIT, and other institutions around the U.S. and Europe launched the nonprofit Academy for Health and Lifespan Research. The goal is to separate the rumors and hype from the real innovations in anti-aging research, and bring together the minds that'll make aging a thing of the past. Perhaps, in the future, automation and a basic income will allow us to not work at all. Our bodies will be under less physical and mental stress as a result. We'll fix the climate, and the self-driving cars will lower accident rates. Our chance of living longer has the potential to skyrocket, as long as we support international scientific endeavors and start working together again as a species. So how do you die? It takes a long, long time. But peacefully. Or maybe you simply don't. Morticians go out of business. We make it to a level 4 on the Kardashev Scale. Or maybe we explore the deepest crevice of the sea and the farthest speck of dust in the universe. We finally feel fulfilled and at peace. Or, you know. Not. There are many more possibilities where all of these came from. Perhaps a deep fake of a world leader starts a nuclear war; you get eaten by a demon that crawls through the portal CERN accidentally creates to the Hell Dimension; you're buried alive under all of the plastic straws, plastic bags, utensils, six-pack rings, and corpses of the dead animals that have consumed them; or maybe you're killed by an unstoppable pandemic when terrorists gene-hack a mutant strain of smallpox. This much we're sure of: headstones and eulogies are about to get a lot more exciting. Share This Article 
Owning a home has never been cheap, and it’s certainly not getting any cheaper. The good news, however, is that there are ways your home can make you money that don’t involve moonlighting as a concierge. The most obvious example? Making the switch to solar energy. Not only is solar energy more affordable than ever, but there are actually companies out there that specialize in helping consumers through the process. That's where a free solar savings assessment from UnderstandSolar.com comes in. Of course, everybody knows why solar is a great idea on paper. Sunlight is free, and it doesn’t pollute the air we breath. The only problem is that, historically, installing solar energy systems has been both extremely complicated and prohibitively expensive. But luckily that’s not the case any more. Today solar energy can be an incredibly lucrative long-term investment. According to the latest figures, the average cost of retrofitting homes for solar energy has dropped 70 percent over the last ten years. Meanwhile various federal, state, and local tax incentives reduce the upfront costs even further. Then there are the real estate equity gains and the long term savings on electricity. Real estate analysis suggests every $1,000 saved on annual electricity costs can add up to $20,000 to the value of your home. When you factor in all the projected long term electricity rate hikes, an investment in solar energy can easily outperform traditional investments in the stock market. In fact, depending on where you live and how much direct sunlight your property receives, going solar could be the best investment you’ll ever make. So how do you figure out if solar energy is right for you? You get a free, personalized solar savings assessment from UnderstandSolar.com. Understand Solar is a third-party solar power advocate. That means they neither sell nor install solar equipment. Their job is to help the solar industry expand by educating consumers and making it easier for them to navigate the solar marketplace. If you’re new to solar energy, Understand Solar will teach you everything you need to know. They’ll explain how solar energy systems work, how they connect to the public grid, how much solar panels cost, and how long solar panels last. They’ll give you an overview of all the equipment you'll need, all the financing and leasing options available, and all the legal and financial incentives offered by the government. When you’re ready to take the next step, Understand Solar will then provide you with a personalized solar savings assessment for free. Really.  You'll pay absolutely nothing. All you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. After that, a solar expert from Understand Solar will contact you via phone and go over your assessment, answering any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. It may turn out that solar energy isn’t right for you at all. If that’s the case, your Understand Solar representative will explain why. However, if solar is a good fit for you, your Understand Solar representative can lay out all your options and help you arrange in-home estimates with experienced installers in your area. Want to find out if solar energy can help you cut back on the costs of owning your home? Don’t wait another day. Go to UnderstandSolar.com right now and get a free solar savings assessment. You've got nothing to lose except all the money you could save. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Every three nights, the California Institute of Technology's Zwicky Transient Facility uses its massive 576-megapixel camera to scan the entire sky. Those efforts have led to the detection of hundreds of asteroids, comets, and supernovae. But the survey may have just made its strangest discovery yet: a binary white dwarf system called ZTF J1539+5027. White dwarfs are stars that start out like our Sun. Eventually, though, they swell into Red Giants, shed their outer layers, and end up as white dwarfs, which are essentially just the dead corpses of a star. Each of the white dwarfs in ZTF J1539+5027, for instance, is about the size of Earth, and their combined weight is close to that of our Sun. In a paper published in the journal Nature on Thursday, the CalTech team behind the discovery details just what makes this particular white dwarf duo so strange. First, there's the fact that the white dwarfs are whipping around one another at an incredible speed — completing each rotation in less than seven minutes. That makes the duo the second-fastest pair of orbiting white dwarfs ever detected, as well as the fastest "eclipsing binary system," a term used to describe a system where one star takes a path that crosses between Earth and the other star. They're able to make these quick orbits because they're incredibly close to one another — according to a CalTech press release, their orbiting paths could fit inside Saturn — and moving at a blitzing pace of hundreds of kilometers per second. Also weird: the dead stars' temperatures. The smaller but denser star is much hotter than expected, while the larger but less-dense star is cooler. This strange temperature disparity could be explained by the smaller star feeding off its companion, but typically that would produce X-ray evidence and the researchers didn't see any. If that wasn't enough to raise some astronomers' eyebrows, ZTF J1539+5027 is also one of the only known sources of gravitational waves, the ripples in space and time first predicted by Albert Einstein in 1916. That final bit of strangeness makes the white dwarf duo an ideal target of study once Europe launches its Laser Interferometer Space Antenna (LISA) in 2035. "Within a week of LISA turning on, it should pick up the gravitational waves from this system," researcher Tom Prince said in the press release. That should give astronomers a jump start on using LISA to better understand the nature of gravitational waves — which could potentially yield new insights into everything from black holes to the birth of our universe. READ MORE: Dead Stars Found Whipping Around Each Other in Minutes [CalTech] More on white dwarfs: These Are the Planets That Survive the Deaths of Their Stars Share This Article 
When it comes to our physical world, scientific research indicates that size really does matter. While "big" objects, anything from a grain of sand to a galaxy, abide by one set of rules — classical physics — tiny objects, such as atoms and particles, abide by an entirely different set, a discovery that gave birth to quantum physics around 1900. Scientists have been on the hunt for a way to reconcile these two disparate physics for decades. And now, a theory first proposed by Polish theoretical physicist Wojciech Zurek in 2003 is starting to gain traction as a potential source of enlightenment: quantum Darwinism. One of the stranger aspects of the quantum world is superposition, the ability of a quantum system to exist in more than one state at one time. The system seemingly only snaps into one state or the other — moving from the quantum world to the classical — the moment we observe it. That process is called decoherence, and quantum Darwinism is an attempt to explain it. Rather than our observation being the thing that forces the quantum system into one state or another, quantum Darwinism suggests that it's the system's interactions with the environment causing decoherence. That, proponents say, would explain why we don't see macro objects in a quantum state — they're always subjected to environmental factors. As for how the environment has this effect, according to Zurek's theory, quantum systems have "pointer states." These are specific measurable characteristics, such as a particle's location or speed. When a particle interacts with its environment, all the superpositions of those characteristics — alternate locations or speeds —  decohere, leaving just the pointer state, which many people can observe because it "imprints" replicas of itself on the environment. That's where the idea of Darwinism comes into play: only the "fittest" state — the one best suited for its particular environment — survives the process of decoherence. "The main idea of quantum Darwinism is that we almost never do any direct measurement on anything," Zurek told The Foundational Questions Institute in 2008. "[The environment] is like a big advertising billboard, which floats multiple copies of the information about our universe all over the place." According to a new Quanta Magazine story, three distinct groups of researchers have conducted experiments to test out quantum Darwinism by looking for signs that a quantum system imprints replicas of itself on its environment — and so far, the theory appears to check out. “All these studies see what is expected, at least approximately," Zurek told Quanta — meaning we may already be on the road to reconciling the physics of the large with the physics of the very small. READ MORE: Quantum Darwinism, an Idea to Explain Objective Reality, Passes First Tests [Quanta Magazine] More on quantum mechanics: New Quantum Device Can "Generate All Possible Futures" Share This Article 
Astronauts don't just need a rocket to walk on the surface of the Moon — they need a spacesuit that keeps them safe as well. NASA's recently announced plans to reach the Moon by 2024 is turning up the pressure to find a replacement for NASA's previous Moon spacesuit — an outfit that dates back to the Apollo missions from the 70s. So far, NASA has yet to sign any contract or set a deadline to find such a replacement. "NASA still doesn't have a suit because the decision was taken suddenly," Pablo de Leon, engineer and director of a NASA financed spacesuit project at the University of North Dakota, told AFP. "On the one hand, there's this order to get to the Moon by 2024, and on the other, we haven't developed new spacesuits since 1977." The space agency has a lot of work ahead of it to get American astronauts to touch down on the lunar surface by 2024 — a deadline that is looking increasingly impossible to meet to experts. But that doesn't mean no progress has been made in designing a new — and fully-functioning — spacesuit. The NDX-2 lunar spacesuit prototype — designed by de Leon and his team at the University of North Dakota over the past decade — illustrates the complexity required. "Containing a human being into anything is very complex, so we have a spacesuit which is really a miniaturized spacecraft, and it has to be built in a way that is mobile, fairly comfortable and lets you work," de Leon said in a NASA statement from 2015. "It's really much more of a machine." Then there's the threat of lunar dust, and the need for the suit to be flexible enough for astronauts to move freely and bend over to collect rock samples. "We want you to not have to think about the suit at all," NASA spacesuit engineer Lindsay Aitchison told Axios. "Anything you do just feels like working in your regular shirtsleeves." The design process is bound to take years — that is, if NASA's own efforts to design or find funding for a new spacesuit haven't yet grounded to a halt. NASA's own in-house developed Z2 suit, an advanced prototype that was revealed in 2015, is meant for use on the surface of another planet. But the space agency hasn't released any major updates on the status of the suit's development since its reveal. Making matters worse, a 2017 audit found that NASA was running out of space suits for spacewalks outside the International Space Station, with new ones "years away," according to a report by NASA's Office of Inspector General. And then there's the question of money. NASA has budgeted around $21 billion a year for its upcoming Artemis missions to the Moon. And money is only going to get tighter. In fact, NASA has yet to figure out how much the Artemis missions will cost in the first place — figures that will be hammered out no sooner than February 2020. NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine pleaded in front of Congress last week to refrain from freezing budgets for the Artemis missions at 2019 levels for next year, a move he argued would be "devastating" to the missions. "We don't have money in the budget right now to develop a lander," Bridenstine told the Senate panel last week — and that doesn't bode well for a new spacesuit either. READ MORE: To return to the Moon, astronauts need new spacesuits [Phys.org] More on spacesuits: NASA Astronauts Put SpaceX Spacesuits to the Test Share This Article 
Last Thursday was a rainy night in New York City, but that didn’t stop a crowd of curious and innovative thinkers from packing into MoMA’s PS1 for a night of lively conversation on the topic no city dweller can afford to ignore – sustainable urban living.  Speakers ranging from United Nations officials to green startup founders stressed the urgency of creating cities better able to sustainably house, feed, and employ billions of people in an era of rapid urban growth and climate change. That urgency can feel overwhelming, as many of the speakers pointed out. Head of UN Habitat Christopher Williams shared some sobering statistics with the standing room-only crowd. By 2050, he noted, 75% of the world will live in cities, a rate which means that some cities will literally double in size in just a few decades.  Is that it, then? Are we doomed? That was the question on the minds of both speakers and audience members at the Allianz Explorer Series. And while most agreed that some of the doomsday wheels have already been set in motion, the room was electric with the energy of the innovators who believe in the tremendous opportunities available by reimagining the future.  One of the industries best poised for a sustainable reimagining is building. Architect and sustainable building expert Eric Corey Freed encouraged the audience to rethink construction. By turning to emerging fields like synthetic biology to design buildings that grow, evolve, and nourish its inhabitants, we could live and work in indoor spaces that feel as healthy as outdoor ones. He posited the idea in the perfect place – as curator Sean Anderson shared with the crowd, MoMA’s PS1 has already been home to futuristic exhibitions like an elevated vegetable farm made from repurposed materials that provided local schools with fresh produce. The timing is also right for enterprising thinkers to launch businesses that can power the burgeoning green economy. Co-founder and CEO of Industrial/Organic Amanda Weeks showcased her company, a network of urban biorefineries that derive organic chemicals and ingredients from food waste. Bahij Chancey was also on hand to talk about Green City Force, an Americorps program that trains New York City Housing residents for careers in the green economy. The program is successful not just because it brings sustainability measures to the 500,000 New York residents that rely on public housing, but because it introduces young people who may not have otherwise had the opportunity to a career path in green fields with great pay and solid growth. Weeks also stressed the importance of holding corporations and governments responsible for the large-scale change needed to mitigate the climate crisis and promote sustainability. That’s where sponsor Allianz comes in: the global insurer has committed to promoting a carbon-free economy, and making sure that by 2050 their buildings produce zero carbon emissions. Youssef Kalad from the New York City Mayor’s Office also spoke about the large-scale efforts that the Big Apple is working on to promote urban sustainability, including carbon neutrality, rethinking transportation, and leading the charge in making a sustainable digital life possible for all New Yorkers.  Overall, the event highlighted the collaborations that are taking place like never before, said the UN’s Christopher Williams, noting that commitments to sustainability and the growing of a green economy require cooperation between everyone from start-up founders to political leaders to private investors. Those kinds of collaborations may not be able to fix the mistakes of the past, but they can lead to widespread opportunity and a sustainable future. Make sure to keep an eye out for the next Allianz Explorer Series taking place in Munich, Germany on August 27th. They will be exploring with the next generation to learn about how they see the future -- the challenges, hopes, and visions for a sustainable future.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with Allianz, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of researchers at the University of California says that there could be way more ice water on the surface of the Moon than previously believed — and that could be a huge deal for future missions to the Moon. By comparing shaded areas that are protected from the Sun on the surface of Mercury with similar shadowed craters on the Moon, they concluded that ice deposits, sometimes several meters thick, could survive inside shadowed craters near the Moon's south pole. Since they're shielded from the Sun and endure temperatures as low as -233 Celsius at night, the interiors of those craters could harbor plenty of ice, according to the researchers. Their research was published in the journal Nature Geoscience on Monday. The team analyzed data from NASA's MESSENGER spacecraft, a robotic orbiter that spent four years in the orbit of Mercury, and found that it suggested there could be caches of ice in permanently shaded craters. Previous evidence collected by NASA's LRO probe, which crashed into the surface of the Moon in 2009, suggests that some of its craters partially consisted of water and ice vapor. A different study, published earlier this month by scientists from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, also found that these south pole craters could house and trap water — but substantially less than what the team from the University of California is now suggesting. Since the Moon lacks an atmosphere, the contents of the craters are exposed to incoming meteor impacts and ionized gases from the Sun known as solar wind. Erosion then kicks up the water particles to outside the crater, where it can be spotted by instruments on board spacecraft such as NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter. "People think of some areas in these polar craters as trapping water and that's it," said William M. Farrell, research lead, said in a statement. "But there are solar wind particles and meteoroids hitting the surface, and they can drive reactions that typically occur at warmer surface temperatures. That's something that's not been emphasized." It's unlikely we'll learn precisely how much water is trapped in these shadowed lunar craters until we send astronauts to see it for themselves. In the best case scenario, though, some 12,000 shaded craters on the Moon could hold potentially millions of tons of ice — which could make plans for establishing a permanent base on our closest heavenly neighbor a lot more feasible. READ MORE: Study suggests much more water on the moon than thought [Phys.org] More on moon water: Australia Has a Plan to Mine Moon Water Share This Article 
Ten years ago, the Human Brain Project shook the neuroscience research community with the bold claim that it was going to simulate a human brain, down to the level of individual cells and genes, within ten years. Needless to say, the plan didn't work out, according to The Atlantic, which archived the shockingly well-funded initiative's rise and fall. The simulation, which locked down a billion euros in funding from the European Commission in 2013, serves as a cautionary tale against hype in science. From the beginning, neuroscientists questioned the value of the Human Brain Project, per The Atlantic. The initiative never set out to answer any scientific questions — at most, the brain simulation would have theoretically been used as an alternative to invasive, surgery-intensive animal research. But scientists who spoke to The Atlantic argued that that model wouldn't be as useful as it might seem — they're perfectly fine conducting their research on smaller-scale systems. "It's not obvious to me what the very large-scale nature of the simulation would accomplish," Anne Churchland of the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory told The Atlantic. She explained that she can do her work with models of "hundreds of thousands of neurons, and it’s not clear what it would buy me if I had 70 billion." In 2015, the Human Brain Project released a small model of 30,000 mouse neurons. That's just a small fraction of one percent of a mouse's brain, reports The Atlantic, and researchers in the field argued at the time that it'd been a waste of resources. Ultimately, the problem with the Human Brain Project — and similar initiatives like the Blue Brain Project — is that we still know too little about the brain to fully recreate it. In order to model a human brain down to the cellular level, we would need to understand far more about how individual neurons operate and connect to form dense, complicated circuits. That's all beyond the scope of cutting-edge neuroscientific research — setting out to build a model to help find those answers, when we'd need those answers to make the model actually work, is an exercise in dizzying logic. "Once neuroscience is 'finished,' we should be able to do it," neuroscientist Grace Lindsay told The Atlantic. "But to have it as an intermediate step along the way seems difficult." READ MORE: The Human Brain Project Hasn’t Lived Up to Its Promise [The Atlantic] More on neuroscience: A Lab Grew a "Mini Brain" From This Guy's Cells. Then Things Got Weird. Share This Article 
New York City has always been home to rabble-rousers who challenge the status quo and imagine innovative futures. And this month, it’s going to be home to three events that showcase some of those fearless thinkers – and some very fast cars – and offer the city a glimpse into a bold and sustainable future.  The creativity kicks off with a stop on Allianz’s Explorer Series world tour. Fresh off events on urban air mobility and climate-friendly futures in Shenzhen, China and Berlin, Germany, the tour is now headed to New York City to explore how we can design sustainable cities for the future. Surrounded by adventurous and experimental art at MoMA’s PS1, the night will include insight from experts on topics including sustainable architecture and green urban living. With the chance to collaborate and chat with those experts and your fellow community builders, you’ll walk away reinvigorated about the power you have to make New York City a model for the future of sustainable cities. The event coincides with the announcement that Allianz is extending its partnership with the MoMA through 2021, which includes supporting a series of new design and innovation exhibitions and programs.  Next, it’s off to the races. And not just any race – between whizzing neon drones and the world’s first fully electric single-seater race cars, Allianz has partnered with the pioneers who have created the sports of the future.  Allianz is proud to partner with The Drone Racing League (DRL), a sport so futuristic it wouldn’t have been possible even a decade ago. At the upcoming DRL Allianz World Championship, pilots will race their drones at speeds higher than 90 miles per hour through a 3D course that feels straight out of a video game.    Allianz knows it’s the closest anyone will ever get to a real-life Star Wars pod race, and they want to celebrate with a party. On July 12th, they’re hosting an exclusive drone event that will also feature drone stunts, music, food, and drinks.  But that’s not the only race that Allianz is proud to sponsor. On July 13, Formula E is heading to Brooklyn for all the thrill of Fast and Furious with way less of the carbon emissions.  As an insurer to explorers, innovators, and disruptors worldwide, Allianz has an insider’s peek into the industries and ideas of the future. That’s why they made the decision to partner with Formula E, the series that is ushering in a new era of green mobility and sustainable racing.  They’re showing off that new era with the Allianz E-Village and the Allianz Explorer Zone in the form of an Arena during the Formula E championship weekend. From racing simulators to electric car showcases to an immersive virtual reality experience where you can put your flying skills to test against competitors from around the world, the Allianz Explorer Zone will be full of incredible, interactive experiences for the whole family.  Then, check out the Allianz E-Village. There, you’ll be the first to witness and interact with the brand new technologies that will one day help to power sustainable cities. By joining in on the fun of the racing exhibitions or making a community connection at Allianz’s Explorer Series, you could be an integral part of the next partnership that helps New Yorkers continue to dare to imagine a bolder, brighter, and sustainable future. Ready to snag a front row seat to the future? You can get 50% off your ticket to the Explorer Series here using the code “FUTURISM50.” Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with Allianz, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The space race of black-and-white footage and overly-shiny satellites is over. Now there are different players involved—and they’re aiming to do more than touch the Moon. As of 2017, rockets have become reusable, and as of 2018, the most powerful rocket in history launched a car into space that’s cruising through the edge of earth’s orbit. And these accomplishments are made to pave the way for larger goals, like setting up manufacturing industries in space and placing humans on Mars. Those are big dreams for humanity, but a new short film takes us to a phase of space exploration we haven’t even put on the drafting table yet: Faster-than-light travel. Hyperlite (2018), a sci-fi short film directed by Nguyen-Ahn Nguyen and written by Nicolas Billon, imagines the scenarios we might find ourselves in if we can send astronauts to galaxies faster than ever before. “I've always loved space movies, so one day, I was having a drink with my DP Simran Dewan talking about the advent of Fusion technology and how that could open the way to Faster-Than-Light space travel. Then our geeky selves took over and we elaborated a story where FTL tech would change everything and affect the universe as soon as the technology was invented. The story of Hyperlight came about that way, and my writer, Nicolas Billon, came on board to really flesh out the human dilemma that would carry the film,” says Nguyen. In Hyperlight, its 2085, and astronauts can now travel faster than light thanks to the development of the world’s first fusion reactor. Naturally, the unprecedented speed means traveling into reaches of space no one has gone before. Emiliana Newton, played by Jeananne Goossen, and Phillip Maeda, played by Peter Shinkoda, are two astronauts tasked with a seemingly limitless mission to reach a distress signal coming from a distant planet. But something goes wrong—their cryopods are ejected prematurely, rousing Emiliana many years before she was destined to awake.  That’s where the film begins: With Emiliana, hurtling through the terrifying but captivating expanse of an unknown galaxy, retrieving Phillip’s cryopod and getting them both back aboard their ship. Assuming the pair have reached safety, Emiliana strives to learn why their pods were ejected in the first place. That’s when, the larger drama unfolds.   Hyperlight, a low budget 18-minute short produced by Second Tomorrow Studios in Canada, is a sleek sci-fi film that builds a captivating drama—and a unique love story—into a scenario faster-than-light travel might one day create. According to Nguyen: “The film was conceived as a piece that would take the viewer in multiple directions as we moved through the story. I wanted to start with a space action sequence to hook the viewer in, then go into a slow burn horror that would morph into a dramatic character piece. It was challenging to do it within the length of a short film while still maintaining a coherent storyline, but I'm happy with the end result.” Futurism is proud to partner with its creators and stream it on all of our platforms, such as Facebook, Youtube, Xumo, STIRR and Roku. Share This Article 
Unless you suffer from a neurological disorder, such as schizophrenia — or like to dabble in psychedelics — chances are you don't spend much time worrying about seeing things that aren't there. But now, a team led by researchers from Stanford University believes it's found a way to make mice hallucinate without feeding them LSD or magic mushrooms — and the discovery has left them wondering why humans aren't hallucinating all the time. For their study, published on Thursday in the journal Science, the scientists focused on the visual cortex. That's the part of the mouse — and human — brain that processes information from the retina. First, they inserted two genes into a number of the visual cortex's neurons in mice. One of these genes encoded a protein that would activate the neuron if hit with a pulse of infrared laser light. The other gene encoded a protein as well, this time one that glowed green whenever the neuron was active. The scientists then removed part of each mouse's skull over the visual cortex and replaced it with a clear covering, essentially giving themselves a window into the animal's brain. The scientists then displayed either a horizontal black bar or a vertical black bar on a screen with a white background and observed the mice's brains as they watched the images appear. This allowed them to determine which neurons in the brain responded to the horizontal bar and which responded to the vertical bar. Next, they trained the animals to take a drink of water from a tube whenever they saw the vertical bar, but not when they saw the horizontal bar. That was all essentially the preamble to the really exciting part of the study. The scientists then began to decrease the contrast between the black bars and the white background until the mice started having trouble knowing when to get a drink. At that point, the team projected holograms onto and into the mice's brains through the window in their skulls. They did this using a device they developed specifically for their study that allowed them to control exactly which neurons the particles of light would hit. Now, when the mice looked at the low-contrast images, they could tell whether they were seeing a vertical or horizontal bar — as long as the scientists zapped the neurons corresponding to the correct alignment at the same time. Eventually, the scientists did away with the images altogether and found that the animals would take a drink whenever the team activated the vertical bar neurons, but not when they zapped the horizontal bar neurons. In other words, the scientists seemed to be making the mice hallucinate the image of the bar. "Not only is the animal doing the same thing, but the brain is, too," researcher Karl Deisseroth of Stanford University said in a press release. "So we know we’re either recreating the natural perception or creating something a whole lot like it." Perhaps the strangest part of the study is the fact that the researchers only needed to stimulate about 20 neurons to make the mice hallucinate — a surprise finding that raises questions about our own brains. "A mouse brain has millions of neurons; a human brain has many billions," Deisseroth said. "If just 20 or so can create a perception, then why are we not hallucinating all the time, due to spurious random activity?" READ MORE: Hallucinations implanted in mouse brains using light [Nature] More on optogenetics: Scientists Kept Rats Sober by Deleting Memories of Cocaine Share This Article 
You no longer need to speak another language to look like you're fluent in it — to anyone, anywhere. On Wednesday, Microsoft executive Julia White took the stage at the company's Inspire partner conference to demonstrate how it's now possible to not only create an incredibly life-like hologram of a person, but to then make the hologram speak another language in the person's own voice. This demo was possible thanks to a combination of two existing technologies — mixed reality and neural text-to-speech — and it foreshadows a future in which tech greatly diminishes existing barriers in human communication. As for how Microsoft pulled off this remarkable demo, the first step was creating White's seemingly identical, life-sized hologram. To do that, she visited one of the company's Mixed Reality capture studios, where she was recorded delivering her presentation in English. That would be enough to allow anyone wearing one of Microsoft's HoloLens devices to feel like White was standing in front of them, delivering her speech. To then make it seem like White was speaking Japanese, Microsoft used its neural text-to-speech technology to create White's "personalized voice signature." Once it had that, it could have the hologram say anything, in any language, and the audio would sound like White's voice. Of course, an international audience could still benefit from a presentation like White's even if Microsoft didn't turn her into a hologram or use AI to replicate her voice — they could watch her on their television or computer screen, and listen along as a human translator repeated White's words in their native tongue. But this technology removes so many of those barriers between the speaker and the audience. Imagine a world leader delivering a speech, and every person across the globe feeling like the leader was in the room with them and speaking the local language. Or a world-class professor giving a lecture that anyone could attend and understand — without leaving their homes and without learning their teacher's language. And then there's the exciting possibility of what might come next. Mixed reality contact lenses that do away with the need for a headset altogether? AI that can translate speech in the native speaker's voice in real-time? As White put it at the end of her demo, "All of these technologies exists today. The future is here." READ MORE: Microsoft has a wild hologram that translates HoloLens keynotes into Japanese [The Verge] More on HoloLens: Lockheed Engineers Are Using HoloLens to Build NASA’s New Space Capsule Share This Article 
Warning: intense spoilers follow for "Avengers: Endgame," "Star Wars," "Game of Thrones," "Harry Potter," and "The Lion King." Imagine that you're about to watch the blockbuster "Avengers: Endgame" for the first time. You need a refresher on what Iron Man has been up to for the last few Marvel Cinematic Universe movies, so you head over to YouTube for an explainer. The only problem: as soon as you type "Iron Man" into the YouTube search bar, the top autocomplete suggestion that springs up is "Iron Man dies" — a galling spoiler for anyone who hasn't seen "Endgame" yet. That's not the only spoiler lurking in YouTube's autocomplete algorithm, either. A search for "Tony Stark," Iron Man's alter ego, also lets slip that the character dies, and typing in the names "Black Widow," "Natasha Romanoff," "Captain America," and "Steve Rogers" will also give away crucial plot details from the film. The spoilers aren't limited to the Marvel cinematic universe, either. Critics have periodically pointed out specific spoilers in YouTube's autocomplete, as well as the autocomplete for Google search, but the problem appears to be more widespread than previously reported: YouTube autocompletes for "Han Solo," "Anakin," "Mufasa," "Snape," and "Cersei" all give away crucial plot twists from "Star Wars," "The Lion King," "Harry Potter," and "Game of Thrones." The phenomenon is particularly striking given YouTube's ongoing and public struggles to moderate violent, extremist, and inappropriate content on its platform. The company has come under fire for harboring white supremacists, algorithmically favoring conspiracy theories, and spreading video of a bloody mosque shooting in New Zealand. In June, YouTube pledged to remove thousands of extremist videos — a task that critics immediately warned would be extraordinarily difficult to complete at scale. "The platforms have become very good at issuing PR statements about proposed changes that don't ultimately have much effect," Stanford researcher Rebecca Lewis wrote of the move on Twitter. "Any change in the right direction is good, but the platforms keep making promises they don't ultimately keep." It's hard not to see YouTube's autocomplete spoilers as an illustration of the difficulty of moderating such a vast platform. It wouldn't be impossible for YouTube to manually examine its search results for media sensations, like blockbuster films or hit TV shows, and cleanse its autocomplete of particularly egregious spoilers — but it would require a dedicated staff and an institutional commitment to the project. And if the site can't spare the effort to keep its search bar from ruining a hit superhero movie, it's hard to imagine YouTube stamping out problematic material in the long term. A spokesperson for Google, which bought YouTube in 2006, didn't respond to detailed questions about this story. More on YouTube: YouTube Starts Pulling Ads on Anti-Vaccination Videos Share This Article 
Boston Dynamics, the company famous for its humanoid and dog-like robots that can run and do backflips, says it's about to start selling its bots. Just don't ask it when that will happen or how much it will cost to buy one — the company hasn't shared a launch date or price, only telling The Verge that robots would be commercially available at some point in 2019. Here's the plan, as we understand it. At some point in the coming year, Boston Dynamics will begin to mass-produce and sell its four-legged, dog-like robot, SpotMini. In April, Boston Dynamics CEO Marc Raibert announced that the company would produce 100 of the robots over the course of the year, perhaps beginning this or next month. If this news feels a bit familiar to you, that's because we've been on this rollercoaster before. Here's Futurism talking about the commercially-available dogbots of the future in a 2017 article that was written shortly after Google's parent company Alphabet sold Boston Dynamics to SoftBank. And here's Gizmodo covering Raibert's initial May 2018 announcement that Boston Dynamics would go commercial. Here's Gizmodo two months later, at which point Raibert claimed the company would be able to produce 1,000 robots per year by "July 2019." Raibert told The Verge that he always planned to mass-produce and sell SpotMini, but the 2017 SoftBank acquisition gave the company the resources it needed to speed toward the finish line. It also seems that ever since that point in time, the news that SpotMini would hit the market "soon" has been forever breaking, stuck in a form of suspended animation that never lets it grow old. Maybe Boston Dynamics will actually start to manufacture SpotMini soon — The Verge reports that the company's recent acquisition of a logistics company called Kinema Systems could help it automate its warehouses. But maybe that far-off deadline of "July 2019" will come and go, Raibert will drop the company's production goals even further, and we'll read even more headlines next year about how SpotMini is about to hit the market. READ MORE: BOSTON DYNAMICS’ ROBOTS ARE PREPARING TO LEAVE THE LAB — IS THE WORLD READY? [The Verge] More on underwhelming robot news: Here Are Some Headlines for This Incredibly Boring Robot Video Share This Article 
Just like quantum computers have their own versions of bits known as qubits, they also need their own versions of logic gates, which control the flow of information in a computing system. Now, a team from Purdue University has published a study in the journal npj Quantum Information detailing their creation of one of the first known quantum gates incorporating qudits as opposed to qubits — and it could help usher in the era of quantum computing. Bits are essentially the building blocks of today's classical computers. Each bit can store either a 1 or a 0, and if you put enough bits together, you can process quite a lot of information — but not nearly as much as you could process using qubits. Qubits are the quantum computing version of bits, but rather than storing either a 1 or a 0, a qubit can store both, either, or neither at once, which dramatically increases the potential processing power of a computer. The problem with qubits is that they are incredibly unstable, and that makes creating a system with a lot of them extremely difficult — IBM's first commercial quantum computer, which it unveiled in January, contains just 20 qubits, giving it far less processing power than classical computers already in service today, which can have hundreds of millions of logic gates. For several years, researchers have explored the value in trading in qubits for a different quantum building block: qudits. Instead of being limited to just two states like qubits, qudits can exist in more than two states — 0 and 1 and 2, for example — and for every added state, the processing ability of a single qudit increases. In other words, you'd need fewer qudits than qubits to encode and process the same amount of information. To create their qudit-incorporating quantum gate, the team from Purdue started by encoding four qudits in two entangled photons in two domains — frequency and time. The team chose photons because they aren't easily disturbed by their environment, and the use of multiple domains allowed them to achieve more entanglement using fewer photons. "Photons are expensive in the quantum sense because they’re hard to generate and control," researcher Poolad Imany said in a press release, "so it’s ideal to pack as much information as possible into each photon." The finished gate had the equivalent processing power of 20 qubits, despite only requiring the use of four qudits, with the benefit of added stability from the photon usage — making it a promising system for future quantum computers. READ MORE: Researchers build transistor-like gate for quantum information processing – with qudits [Purdue University] More on qudits: New Breakthrough Work Finally Reveals Quantum "Fingerprints" Share This Article 
A functioning 3D printer is probably like a dream come true for most kids. It's a way to make their imaginations materialize in solid, three-dimensional plastic at the touch of a button. The Toybox 3D printer was specially designed to be used by kids to make their own toys at home, and for a very limited time you can get a Toybox 3D Printer Deluxe Bundle with everything you need to get started making your own toys. And right now, it's on sale for nearly 33-percent off the normal price, including not just the Toybox 3D printer itself, but the following goodies to help you get started right away: If the Toybox 3d Printer looks familiar to you, it’s not just because of the toy creation fantasies you may have indulged in when you were a child. It’s also been featured on Shark Tank, where its simple but versatile design impressed the resident sharks. Toybox’s functionality doesn’t get bogged down in any complicated processes, and in fact, most of its functions come through exceedingly simple one-touch actions, making kids and even adults that aren’t particularly technologically inclined its ideal users. And Toybox also differs from most 3D printers on the market in that you don’t need to remove any excess material from the final product with a knife - another advantage for any young toymakers that get to use it. Toybox works with a companion app that’s equally simple to use, and through which you can choose from an always-growing library of preset toy designs. If you’re feeling more creative, you can also use the app to create and upload designs of your own, allowing for nearly infinite possibilities. And of course, all the magic happens in front of a fully transparent glass viewing window so you can watch your toys be created from scratch in real-time. For an idea of how it works, you can check it out in action in the video below: The limited-time StackSocial Toybox promotion comes with enough non-toxic, biodegradable “printer food” to make anywhere from 100-300 toys on average, in a generous assortment of eight colors. Between them, and the power cord, print bed, and instruction manual, you’ll get everything you need to become a fledgling toymaker at one low, discounted price. So check out the Toybox 3D Printer Bundle here, where it’s currently priced at just under $315. It comes with a six-month warranty courtesy of the manufacturer, but you can expand the warranty to two years for $35.99 or three years for $49.99. Give it a shot, especially if you’ve been looking for a way to get your kids unhooked from those omnipresent glowing screens. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to being present and truly enjoying our lives, technology sometimes gets a bad rap. This is because of the excessive amount of time spent on smartphones and social media. But with the advent of the meditation app, we’ve been able to morph our phones from being a distraction and into practical mindfulness tools. However, there’s no quantifiable way to tell if these mindfulness apps actually work, or if you simply think they’re making you more present based on a placebo effect, until now. With Muse 2 Guided Meditation Bundle you can finally quantify the self-work you’ve been doing. That’s because the Muse 2 is a wearable piece of gear that, along with the Muse meditation app, tracks your body's real-time response to practicing mindfulness. This way you can view the actual data it tracks to verify that you’re becoming more relaxed, calm and focused. The Muse 2 Guided Meditation Bundle is a wearable headband and multi-sensor meditation device that provides real-time feedback on your brain activity. It tracks heart rate, breathing, and body movements so you can build a consistent meditation practice. This is because the Muse 2 is a powerful, compact electroencephalography (EEG) system. It collects your meditation data by leveraging improvements in dry sensor technology, Bluetooth and battery life, as well as significant advances in digital signal processing. Together this makes it easy for you to access and use brainwave data in real-world environments. So you can not only collect but review the data to see the ways consistent mindful meditation effects you. By synthesizing this data, you can set achievable goals and build a more rewarding meditation practice. When you begin using the Muse 2 Bundle you’ll notice it’s unlike any other meditation app on the market. This is because it creates meditations specific to you and your needs based on the information it’s collecting from your brain waves. Its goal is to help you find stillness and calm so you can stay focused and present. The Muse 2 Bundle uses advanced signal processing to interpret your mental activity to help guide your meditation practice. When your mind is calm and settled, you hear peaceful weather. And when your focus drifts, you’ll hear stormy weather that cues you to bring your attention back to your breath. Not only that, it uses the immersive soundscape of our own heartbeat to help you find stillness and calm. In doing this you’ll learn to preternaturally pace your breathing to sync with your own heartbeat and deepen your meditation practice. With the Muse 2 Guided Meditation Bundle, you can finally take the guesswork out of meditation, all while progressing your mindfulness. Simply put, the Muse 2 Bundle tracks your brain signals. In order to do this it functions kind of like a heart rate monitor, but for your brain. Muse’s 7 finely calibrated sensors – 2 on the forehead, 2 behind the ears plus 3 reference sensors – detect and measure your brain’s activity. The Muse meditation app takes this data and transforms your raw brain signals into a variety of different components. This includes noise, oscillations, non-periodic characteristics, and transient and event-related brain events. Signal processing and machine learning techniques are applied to the brain signal components to control the experience in real-time. This way you can learn more about how your brain works, as its working. Muse is so credible its brain-sensing technology has been widely used for brain research projects in hundreds of hospitals and universities worldwide, including NASA, The Mayo Clinic, UCL, MIT and now in homes all over the world. Plus, with Muse, your privacy is paramount. All of your brainwave data is securely stored and belongs to you. Muse follows strict ethical guidelines for data privacy, which can be reviewed in their privacy policy. Your data will never be shared and will remain strictly anonymous and confidential unless you give explicit permission otherwise. Knowing this, there’s no better time to sync up and improve the nature of who you are with the Muse 2 Guided Meditation Bundle. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Theoretical neuroscientist Vivienne Ming has focused her professional career on exploring ways to use tech to maximize human potential — but in a fascinating new Quartz essay, she details how she has also channeled her inner "mad scientist" for an intensely personal reason. According to Ming, after her son was diagnosed with autism, she put her expertise to work to build a face- and expression-recognition system for Google Glass designed to interpret others' facial expressions in real-time. That's a skill most neurotypical people are born with, but that may seem like a "superpower" to someone with autism — and in her Quartz piece, Ming raises provocative questions about the impact the tech has had on her son's humanity. "I’ve chosen to turn my son into a cyborg and change the definition of what it means to be human," she wrote. "But do my son’s engineered superpowers make him more human, or less?" There's no question that using tech to augment human biology is no longer some sci-fi fantasy — today, people with cochlear implants, bionic eyes, and mind-controlled prosthetic limbs walk among us. Those devices may differ wildly in their specific purposes, but in general, they all work toward the same goal: make someone who's "different" more like the average human. The system Ming built for her son falls into this same category. But what happens when we use neuroprosthetics not to level the playing field, so to speak, but to start putting some people on a higher plane? What happens when tech that makes people arguably better than the average human is widely available? Ming wrestles with that question in her Quartz piece, and the conclusion she reaches isn't particularly encouraging. "In theory, anyone might have access to new neurotechnologies," Ming writes. "But in reality, those most able to take advantage of them are likely to be the ones who need them the least." In other words, the first people to have access to the latest cyborg tech will likely be those who can afford it, leading Ming to conclude that augmentation could "become a tool to entrench inequality even more firmly." Add in the very real possibility that those same economically privileged humans will soon be able to give their offspring a biological advantage before they're even born thanks to gene-editing tech, and it's hard to imagine a future in which technology doesn't create a wider chasm between the haves and the have nots. Essentially, by the time Ming asks readers "What happens when we all want to become superhuman?" in the final line of the Quartz piece, she's already shared her answer to the question — and it ain't pretty. Of course, global institutions could —and, some experts argue, should — regulate the use of these superpower-granting technologies, designing rules that ensure we all benefit from them equally. But it'll be far easier to tell people they can't enhance themselves or their offspring before the ability to do so is widely available  — and given the pace the tech is advancing, the window for putting those regulations in place is closing. Fast. READ MORE: Why I’m turning my son into a cyborg [Quartz] More on cyborgs: The Cyborgs Are Here: Researchers Put Living Cells In A Robotic Finger Share This Article 
Not everything worthwhile has to be pricey, or so the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) wants to prove with its planned Chandrayaan-2 mission to the Moon. Although it's the second India-led lunar mission, the Chandrayaan-2 would be the first time ISRO would attempt to send a lander and a rover on the lunar surface. While that already is a feat for any space-fairing nation, ISRO's main selling-point for its new program is its low cost. The mission is so cheap that it would cost you more to embark on a fictional — albeit expensive — space journey like the $165-million sci-fi flick Interstellar. For comparison, the Chandrayaan-2 costs only around $123-million, thanks to a process described by ISRO chairman K Sivan as "simplification". "Simplifying the system, miniaturizing the complex big system, strict quality control and maximizing output from a product make our space missions frugal and cost-effective," Sivan told The Times of India. "We keep strict vigil on each and every stage of development of a spacecraft or a rocket and, therefore, we are able to avoid wastage of products, which helps us minimize the mission cost." From the perspective of all other space missions scheduled in the next couple of months — which include the launch of NASA's exoplanet hunting spacecraft TESS, as well as their InSight Mars lander — the Chandrayaan-2's mission to the Moon might not seem like much. Nothing could be further from the truth. With lunar missions so few and far between in recent years, it's about time humanity goes back to the Moon. This time, with the Chandrayaan-2, we're going back with more power than NASA's Apollo missions, said minister of state Jitendra Singh, speaking to NDTV. The goal, Singh noted, would be to gather data that "may open up possibilities of future habitation of the Moon." India's new lunar mission is set to follow the Chandrayaan-1, whose findings helped confirm the presence of water on the Moon's surface back in 2009. With the Chandrayaan-2, India expects to discover more about the Earth's next-door galactic neighbor. The program "will be a breakthrough mission not only for India but for the entire world," Singh added. Observers — including SpaceX CEO and founder Elon Musk — have often pointed out how a lunar base could benefit all other space exploration programs in the works, especially those that aim for Mars. NASA's Mars program, for example, relies on the Moon as a potential jump off point. From this perspective, setting up a useful fixture on our satellite is long overdue. Share This Article 
There may be fundamental flaws with our understanding of the universe. The problem came to light as scientists tried to calculate and measure a value called the Hubble Constant, which represents how rapidly the universe is expanding outward. The value was first calculated by astronomer Edwin Hubble in the 1920s. But since then, astronomers observing and measuring the universe's expansion have arrived at different values of the Hubble Constant, none of which seem to agree with one another. The discrepancy calls into question not only our idea of how old the universe is, but also our ability to fundamentally understand the physics that drive its behavior. "Naturally, questions arise as to whether the discrepancy is coming from some aspect that astronomers don't yet understand about the stars we're measuring, or whether our cosmological model of the universe is still incomplete," University of Chicago astronomer Wendy Freedman said in a NASA press release. "Or maybe both need to be improved upon." Freedman is responsible for the latest measurement of the Hubble Constant, which she calculated using a different kind of cosmic landmark from previous experiments. Her team measured the brightness of red giant stars in distant galaxies. Because these stars reach uniform size and brightness, their distance from Earth can more readily be calculated than some other stars. Freedman's work, which has been accepted but not yet published by The Astrophysical Journal, found that the universe is expanding at 69.8 kilometers per second per megaparsec, per the press release. That's a slower rate of expansion than was calculated in another recent study that focused on a different kind of star but a faster rate than was calculated in yet another study that measured light leftover from the big bang called the Cosmic Microwave Background. Freedman originally hoped her research would serve as a tie-breaker between those other two studies — but instead it added yet another, possible value for the Hubble Constant for astronomers to reconcile. "The Hubble constant is the cosmological parameter that sets the absolute scale, size and age of the universe; it is one of the most direct ways we have of quantifying how the universe evolves," Freedman said in the press release. "The discrepancy that we saw before has not gone away, but this new evidence suggests that the jury is still out on whether there is an immediate and compelling reason to believe that there is something fundamentally flawed in our current model of the universe." Further complicating the issue, statistical analysis validates both of those two previous studies, according to a New Scientist article published last week, before Freedman's study was announced. There's just a one-in-3.5 million chance that their findings came from random chance. In the middle of the next decade, NASA hopes to launch the Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope into orbit, at which point scientists will be able to more precisely measure the distance of celestial objects, per the press release. When that happens, there's a chance that astronomers will be able to reconcile their various Hubble Constant values. "The Hubble constant is the biggest problem in cosmology that we have access to right now, and the hope is that this crack in our understanding is going to lead us to some even bigger cracks like dark energy and dark matter," Duke University astronomer Daniel Scolnic told New Scientist. "We just have to chase the crack." READ MORE: NEW HUBBLE CONSTANT MEASUREMENT ADDS TO MYSTERY OF UNIVERSE'S EXPANSION RATE [NASA] More on the Hubble Constant: Figuring out How Fast the Universe Is Expanding Might Require a New Type of Physics Share This Article 
Employees working for Elon Musk's pioneering electric car company Tesla have had a hellish time keeping production numbers up. In a new report by CNBC, Tesla employees said that they used electrical tape to fix plastic housings thanks to aggressive deadlines. Employees also had to work through blisteringly high heat in the production line tent set up by the company to speed up Model 3 production last June. While multiple employees confirmed that they used electrical tape to patch cracks — and even provided photographic evidence to CNBC's reporters — Tesla denies that that's how things are done at its factories. The reports were "misleading and do not reflect our manufacturing practices or what it's like to work at Tesla," a Tesla spokesperson told CNBC. The employees also alleged that the production was so frantic, some cars ended up missing a few bolts, nuts or lugs. Obviously not a great look: loose connections could end up causing trouble later on. Rather than test each Model 3 for water leaks in a chamber with water jets blasting from all directions, the company decided to speed up production by only conducting sample testing for water leaks, rather than pulling each car. "Every time a car rolls off the lot and a piece of trim falls off, or an electrical system is failing after a month, it undermines the brand," Mike Ramsey, senior automotive research director at Gartner, a global research advisory firm, told CNBC. "That customer is not likely to buy another Tesla." The electric car company has gone through a lot in recent years. "It was life or death," Musk said during an interview with the CBS show 60 Minutes in December. "Those betting against the company were right by all conventional standards that we would fail." Model 3 production numbers were leading the Tesla news beat throughout 2017 and 2018. The company set aggressive production goals that weren't met. Deadlines for deliveries came and went — and waiting customers were fuming. Tesla's employees bore the brunt: a scathing 2017 report by The Guardian revealed how factory workers were often burned out, stressed, and worried for their safety. "I’ve seen people pass out, hit the floor like a pancake and smash their face open," Jonathan Galescu, a production technician at Tesla, told The Guardian at the time. "They just send us to work around him while he’s still lying on the floor." In January, Tesla laid off seven percent of its staff. And its relationship with its employees didn't get much better. Tesla filed a lawsuit in March that accused four former employees of stealing proprietary information and trade secrets. But Tesla is keeping the ball rolling. "We work hard to create a work environment that is as safe, fair and fun as possible, and it is incredibly important to us that employees look forward to coming to work every day," the Tesla spokesperson's statement read in today's CNBC report. The company has squashed its previous records for Model 3 production, producing over 70,000 cars in the second quarter of 2019 alone. But at what cost? READ MORE: Tesla employees say they took shortcuts, worked through harsh conditions to meet Model 3 production goals [CNBC] More on Tesla's woes: Former Employee Admits to Copying Tesla’s Autopilot Code Share This Article 
Generally speaking the old maxim “you get what you pay for” still holds true, so when it comes to something as important as your online privacy and security, you don’t want to be cheap. That said, there’s nothing wrong with taking advantage of an amazing deal on an excellent service. And right now it just so happens that you can save over $300 on a subscription to NordVPN, which was recently named Best All-Around VPN of 2019 by both PC Magazine and BestVPN.com Every single day you read, research, shop, bank, browse social media, and do all sorts of other things online. When you do these things, you send out a ton of sensitive information, from credit card numbers and email addresses to usernames and passwords. On top of that, every single click is traced to your IP address by data brokerage firms, internet service providers, and government agencies from all over the world. That’s why you need to use a virtual private network, or VPN. When you use a VPN, every piece of information you send out gets encrypted by special software, so it’s like the information is travelling through a private tunnel. That tunnel leads to a VPN server, where your information gets decrypted before it’s sent on to its final destination. However, because the information emerges from the VPN server, nobody can trace any of it back to you. That means all of your information is secure from prying eyes, and all of your online activity looks like it’s coming from the VPN server instead of you. Unfortunately, not all VPNs offer the best possible protection. However, there's a reason NordVPN is consistently ranked among the best VPNs in the world. They use military grade AES-256 bit encryption to protect your data. They have over 5,000 servers in over 60 countries around the world, giving you blazing speeds and the ability to access geo-restricted content. And they’re headquartered in Panama, a country that doesn’t require them to record their customers’ online activity. That means NordVPN never tracks, collects, or shares your data, giving you complete privacy. NordVPN supports all major platforms and operating systems, and you can secure up to six devices on a single subscription, including phones, tablets, laptops, and even routers. That means you’ll always be fully protected wherever you are. And right now you can get all NordVPN has to offer for an insanely low price. The standard monthly rate for NordVPN is $11.95, which is a decent price comparable to other top VPN services. However, with a longer commitment the savings are unreal. The NordVPN 3-Year Plan saves you $322.56 over the course of your subscription. That works out to just $2.99 per month, which is a whopping 75 percent off the monthly price, or basically three years for the price of one. For a service as good as NordVPN, you absolutely cannot beat that price. However, if you’re not sure about committing to three years, the NordVPN 3-Year Plan comes with a 30-day money back guarantee. And if that still doesn’t ease your mind, you can still save money with shorter-term options. The NordVPN 2-Year Plan saves you $191.05 by taking 66 percent off the standard monthly price. That works out to just $3.99 per month. But if two years isn’t right for you, the one-year plan is still an excellent value. The NordVPN 1-Year Plan does not save you as much money as the 2-year or 3-year options. However, it still saves you $59.52 by taking 41 percent off the monthly rate. That works out to just $6.99 a month. If you’re ready to start taking your online security and privacy seriously, NordVPN gives you the best protection at the best price. And signing up couldn’t be easier. In fact, on average, it only takes about 60 seconds. So don’t waste another minute. Sign up for NordVPN now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists think they've found a way to terraform Mars — and all it takes is a thin blanket of insulation over future space gardens. A layer of aerogel just two to three centimeters thick may be enough to protect plants from the harshest aspects of life on Mars and create viable greenhouses in the process, according to research published Monday in the journal Nature Astronomy. While there are a host of other problems to solve before anyone can settle Mars, this terraforming plan is far more feasible than other ideas that scientists have proposed. Two of the biggest challenges facing Martian settlers are the Red Planet's deadly temperatures and unfiltered solar radiation, which is able to pass through Mars' weak atmosphere and reach the surface, New Scientist reports. At night, it can reach -100 degrees Celsius, which is far too cold for any Earthly crops to survive. A team of Harvard, CalTech, and University of Edinburgh scientists recreated Mars-like conditions in a lab to test out their aerogel greenhouses, per the research. The lightweight silica material is mostly just air, so life-giving sunlight easily passes through it to reach photosynthetic plants. However, the aerogel layer filtered out over 60 percent of the harmful ultraviolet radiation that reaches Mars and over 99.5 percent of the particularly-dangerous ultraviolet C radiation. Through the greenhouse effect, the aerogel also raised the temperature of the ground beneath it by 50 degrees C. That may be enough, according to New Scientist, to thaw out ice trapped beneath the surface and jumpstart a localized version of the water cycle. Scientists have a long road ahead of them before we're ready to terraform Mars — we're still just learning about some of the bizarre and dangerous ways that space travel impacts the human body. But at the very least, these aerogel greenhouses are conceptually feasible. Other plans to terraform Mars include aiming gigantic mirrors at the planet to melt the planet's ice caps. Or there's Elon Musk's brilliant plan to drop nuclear bombs on Mars as a means of introducing enough carbon dioxide to support an atmosphere. "It's a very different approach to a lot of these global terraforming ideas," Harvard's Robin Wordsworth told New Scientist of the aerogel concept. "But it has the advantage that we could actually do it in the next few decades rather than much further in the future." READ MORE: Terraforming Mars with strange silica blanket could let plants thrive [New Scientist] More on terraforming Mars: Scientists Say We Can't Terraform Mars. Elon Musk Says We Can Share This Article 
Amazon Prime Day is Amazon's attempt to turn a randomly selected day in the middle of the summer into a shopping day on par with Black Friday or the panicked night before Mother's Day. And to do it they're not just rolling out an avalanche of epic deals exclusively for subscribers to Amazon Prime, but unveiling a star-studded Prime Day Concert fronted by Taylor Swift as well. We're more concerned with the former in this space, though, as it will serve as your one-stop guide for our favorite Amazon prime day deals. The page will be updated throughout the day, so keep checking back to find more of the coolest bargains that Prime Day has to offer. If you're not yet a subscriber to Amazon Prime, now might be a good time to check and see if you can get a free month of the service to try it out, and rake in all these Amazon Prime Day deals. Here we go:  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When a person becomes blind — as opposed to being born that way — their brain's visual cortex is typically undamaged. However, it's also fairly useless since it's not receiving any information from the eyes. In an extraordinary medical trial, six blind people have now had their vision partially restored thanks to Orion, a new device that feeds images from a camera directly into the brain — and they may just be the first of many to benefit from the cutting-edge tech. "By bypassing the eye completely you open the potential up to many, many more people," Optegra Eye Hospital surgeon Alex Shortt, who wasn't involved with the research, told The Daily Mail. "This is a complete paradigm shift for treating people with complete blindness. It is a real message of hope." The Orion device comprises two main parts: a brain implant and a pair of glasses. The implant consists of 60 electrodes that receive information from a camera mounted on the glasses. Together, they can deliver visual information directly to the wearer's brain, removing the eyes from the equation entirely. "If you can imagine every spot in the visual field in the visual world, there's a corresponding part of the brain that represents that area, that spatial location," researcher Daniel Yoshor explained in a video on the tech. "And we know that if we stimulate someone's brain... in a specific spot, we will produce a perception of a spot of light corresponding to that map in the visual world." To test their device, the researchers asked completely blind participants in an early feasibility study to look at a black computer screen while using Orion. When a white square would randomly appear on the screen, the participants could correctly point to the square the majority of the time. Yoshor believes that the white square may be just the start of restoring vision to blind patients. "Theoretically, if we had hundreds of thousands of electrodes in the brain we could produce a rich visual image," he said in a press release. "Think of a painting that uses pointillism, where thousands of tiny spots come together to create a full image. We could potentially do the same by stimulating thousands of spots on the occipital part of the brain.” Still, even in its current state, the device is already changing lives. "It is awe inspiring to see so much beauty," Benjamin James Spencer, a 35-year-old study participant who has been blind since age nine, told The Daily Mail, noting his new ability to see his wife's face shape and his kids running up to him for a hug. "It is not perfect vision — it is like grainy 1980s surveillance video footage," Spencer added. "It may not be full vision yet, but it’s something." READ MORE: Brain implant restores partial vision to blind people [The Guardian] More on blindness: Gene Therapy Restores Vision in Blind Mice Share This Article 
It's been almost 15 years since NASA's Cassini-Huygens spacecraft sent a module to the surface of Saturn's largest moon, Titan — and much of what we've learned about the mysterious ocean world stems from that mission. But NASA is planning to change that. A NASA Astrobiology Institute-funded project, led by researchers from NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab, will be trying to find if life could ever exist in the oceans on the icy moon — and if its thick atmosphere could support it. The question is whether complex hydrocarbons could exist on Titan's surface thanks to the combination of gases found in the atmosphere, including hydrogen, methane, and nitrogen. The news comes after NASA announced it will send a small helicopter drone to Saturn’s moon Titan to explore its surface. While NASA is planning to launch the mission in 2026, the drone won't be able to get there any sooner than 2034. But there's plenty we can glean from previous data collected by Cassini-Huygens — why we suspect that Titan is covered in oceans in the first place. "What we don't know is the exact composition of the ocean, its density, its thermal profile, the overall structure of the icy crust on top of it," Mike Malaska, deputy principal investigator on the project at the Jet Propulsion Lab, told Astrobiology Magazine. The Astrobiology Institute's ambitious five-year project has built up a 30 member team to explore Saturn's moon. Data will come courtesy of NASA's Cassini-Huygens mission and the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array in Chile, an observatory that teams at NASA have been using to study Titan's atmosphere. "Our science is following the organic molecules on their path from the top of the atmosphere where they get constructed, down through the crust and into the ocean, and if there's biology happening down there, how those organics work their way back up to the surface and become visible," said Malaska. The project has four key objectives. First, the team wants to understand how molecules are transported from the surface of Titan to its oceans. Second, they want to find out if complex organics are even able to survive in Titan's vast subsurface oceans. Third — depending on how the first two objectives go — the next step is to explore how much chemical energy is available to life for metabolizing. Finally, the team wants to find a way to detect biosignatures that remain in the ocean — a particularly tricky task, given that Titan's oceans are covered by an outer shell and an organic-rich atmosphere. If all goes according to plan, NASA's Dragonfly rotorcraft will touch down on the distant ocean world 15 years from now. By then, we will likely have a much better understanding of what awaits the spacecraft there. READ MORE: The habitability of Titan and its ocean [Astrobiology Magazine] More on Titan: Breaking: NASA Announces Mission to Saturn's Largest Moon Titan Share This Article 
Since the invention of microelectronic devices like transistors and the integrated circuit in the 1940s and '50s, semiconductors have been the backbone of electronics. However, current microelectronic devices are limited by natural semiconductor properties, such as band gap and electron velocity. Now, a team of scientists from UC San Diego could make these limitations a moot point as they've found a way to create semiconductor-free microelectronics. In a study published in Nature Communications, Ebrahim Forati and his team reveal that they have built the first semiconductor-free, laser-controlled microelectronics device. Their device makes use of free electrons, similar to how vacuum tubes did it way back before the era of semiconductors. The difference is these researchers have managed to dislodge electrons to carry a current through space at a nanoscale size. Existing vacuum tube tech required high voltages, high temperatures, or powerful lasers to knock electrons loose, all of which would be very difficult at the small scale required for microelectonics. To get around this, the team at UC San Diego constructed a gold "mushroom" nanostructure with adjacent parallel gold strips. Using a small amount of voltage (10 volts) and a low-powered laser, they were able to dislodge electrons from the gold metal. The innovative system created by the researchers produced a 1,000 percent increase in the conductivity of the system, enough "to realize on and off states, that is, the structure performs as an optical switch," the study reports. The tech these researchers have developed can work with less resistance, making it capable of conducting higher amounts of power — enough to replace semiconductors as a transistor, a power amplifier, or a photodetector. It could be applied to such fields as photovoltaics, the environment, and weapon development, the latter unsurprising as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) funded the project. "Next, we need to understand how far these devices can be scaled and the limits of their performance," says researcher Dan Sievenpiper. If they are able to make their tech affordable and conducive to widespread implementation, it could revolutionize consumer electronics and even bypass Moore's Law. Share This Article 
Back in the day it was pretty easy to protect yourself against malware. As long as you didn’t visit suspicious websites or open those forwarded emails from your aunt, you were probably okay. And even if you did engage in some risky online behavior, most malware was pretty easy to detect with basic antivirus software. Unfortunately, cyber criminals these days are a lot more sophisticated, which means it’s a lot easier to fall prey their myriad malware traps. If you want to protect yourself now, you need a premium antimalware service like Malwarebytes that’s always one step ahead of the bad guys. By now computers and the internet have been a part of everyone’s daily life so long, you’d think everyone would know how to stay safe online. However, hackers and cyber criminals are always coming up with new and improved ways to spread their malicious software. Today, actual viruses—which are specific types of malicious software that self-replicate and require users to launch them—are rare. Far more common are modern varieties of malware like worms, ransomware, trojan horses, and adware. Last year the city of Atlanta had to shut down their online systems after ransomware encrypted their files and hackers demanded $51,000 to let them back in. This spring Philadelphia and Baltimore experienced similar cyberattacks. And just last week it was reported that Eurofins Scientific, one of the biggest forensic services firms in Europe, actually paid an undisclosed sum to cyber criminals after their systems were infected with ransomware. This past spring, Clemson University decided to test their cyber security by sending out a 100 malware-infected test emails to faculty and staff. A fourth of those emails were blocked by the university’s security system, and several recipients reported the phishing attempt. However, over a dozen people actually provided the credentials requested by the email and, as a result, malware was installed on six university computers. Email scams are just the tip of the iceberg. These days pretty much every website you visit is susceptible to malware infection, and hackers actually pay for legitimate ads that covertly deliver malware. All you have to do is click on one bad link and your computer, phone, or tablet could be infected. That’s why you need to protect yourself with a service like Malwarebytes. Traditional antivirus software is good at getting rid of malware once they are on your computer, but not so great at responding to emerging security threats and preventing infections in the first place. They also tend to run really slow, with full scans taking up to 45 minutes. But that’s not the case with Malwarebytes. Malwarebytes uses overlapping layers of artificial intelligence technology like anomaly detection, behavior matching, and application hardening to detect malware as soon as it infects your computer. Scans take as little as two minutes, meaning you never have to wait until later to make sure you’re secure. The company keep an extensive database of infected websites and can be configured to block these websites automatically so you don’t inadvertently visit them. And Malwarebytes can be used all by itself, or in conjunction with other antivirus software. Malwarebytes is available in both home and office subscriptions. Malware Premium for home is available in two tiers and works on Windows, Mac, Chrome, Android, and iOS. Tier one covers one device. However, tier two covers three devices, saving you 50 percent per device. Either subscription will clean infected devices and provide protection against viruses, ransomware, spyware, worms, and all other malware threats. For Windows users, Malwarebytes works seamlessly with Windows Defender. It is also compatible with other third-party antivirus services, but will require a little extra set-up. Malwarebytes also offers features tailored for specific devices and operating systems, so check their website for full details. Malwarebytes also offers small business solutions. Their best value is the Malwarebytes Endpoint Protection plan, which covers 10 devices using either Windows or Mac. It cleans infected devices with Linking Engine Remediation technology and protects against all varieties of malware threats. It also offers web protection, application hardening, application behavior, exploit mitigation, payload analysis, anomaly detection AI, and ransomware mitigation. Malware Bytes Premium for Business also features asset management services, installation and management support, and extended customer support services. In short, it has all the cyber security tools your company needs. Whether you need cyber protection for yourself, your family, or your business, Malwarebytes has a cutting product perfectly suited for your needs, all for an extremely competitive price. So don’t wait around and wait to become a victim of a cyber attack. Take action to protect yourself today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re a documentary junkie, you already know that your thirst for knowledge can’t ever be completely slaked. But, at least it can be temporarily subdued with the right documentary. Unfortunately, the modern cable TV and streaming landscape provides relatively few good, educational, yet entertaining programs. But luckily, there’s a relatively new streaming service in town that’s seeking to change that. It’s called CuriosityStream, and you can try it right now for free. What kind of programming can you find on CuriosityStream? Put simply, it’s the best the documentary and educational programing available. It offers gripping productions on a wide variety of topics, including history, nature, science & technology, and much more. Here’s a sample of some of the 2,400+ acclaimed shows and documentaries you’ll have at your fingertips with a CuriosityStream subscription: All of the different CuriosityStream streaming plans can be sampled free for one week, probably because the people behind it (including John Hendricks, the founder of cable channels like Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, and Animal Planet) are confident that most people will realize in less than a week that they’ve become hooked on the high-quality content. The standard plan, which comes with unlimited viewing and no regional programming restrictions anywhere you go on Earth, can be had for $2.99 a month, and you can save even more by signing up for a year in advance, which is priced at just $19.99. The Premium streaming plan costs a little more -- $9.99 a month or a discounted $69.99 for the annual plan, but you’re getting eye-popping 4K streaming on all programming. And as an added bonus, if you sign up for an annual plan between now and July 14th, you’ll get a free $10 Amazon gift card. CuriosityStream’s regularly updated programming library will take you into the far reaches of the universe, back into prehistoric times, through black holes, down into the quantum realm, and anywhere else in the physical world your mind can fathom. And a whole year of the standard HD plan costs much less than a month of a cable subscription. So check it all out here, and take advantage of the free 7-day trial so you can really see what CuriosityStream has to offer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On July 16, 1969, the Apollo 11 mission began when astronauts Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and Michael Collins were launched into space atop a Saturn V rocket. Four days later, while Collins manned the command module in orbit around the moon, Armstrong and Aldrin landed the lunar module in the sea of tranquility, where one small step for man would become one giant leap for mankind. The moon landing was one of the greatest achievements in human history, the culmination of millennia of science and exploration. And now, 50 years later, you can celebrate the Apollo 11 anniversary by owing a small piece of the historic mission's command module thanks to the folks at Mini Museum. Mini Museum was launched via Kickstarter back in 2014. Initially their only product was their eponymous Mini Museums, which are expertly curated collections of rare miniature specimens and artifacts spanning billions of years of natural and human history. More recently, however, Mini Museum has started selling individual specimens. And without a doubt one of the most amazing specimens available at the moment is a piece of foil from the Apollo 11 command module. This specimen is a fragment of mission-flown kapton foil that lined the Apollo 11 command module. The command module was one of three components of the Apollo spacecraft, the other two being the service module and the lunar module. During the Apollo 11 mission, the command and service modules functioned as the mothership, carrying the three astronauts and the lunar module into orbit around the moon. Once in orbit, the lunar module carried Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin down to the surface of the moon, while Michael Collins and the command module stayed behind. Armstrong and Aldrin then used the lunar module to return to and dock with the command module, at which point the lunar module was discarded and the command module carried the three astronauts back to earth. Prior to reentry, the conical command module detached from the service module, which mainly provided propulsion and storage. At that point the service module burned up in the atmosphere, while the command module safely transported the astronauts back to the surface for splashdown on July 24, 1969. The kapton foil that lined the Apollo 11 command module provided thermal protection for the astronauts aboard. Upon completion of the mission, sections of the foil were removed from the command module and given to certain NASA employees as gifts. One of these employees was Production Control Engineer W.R. Whipkey. Whipkey received his section of kapton foil in 1969, and it remained in his possession until he sold it to Mini Museum at public auction in late 2017. The specimens of Whipkey’s Apollo 11 kapton foil available for purchase measure approximately 1mm by 1mm. They are encased in acrylic cubes with magnified lids for easy viewing. The cubes are then housed in padded, glass-topped riker boxes for display. Each specimen comes with a certificate of authenticity, plus an information card with details and images of the Apollo 11 mission. Due to high demand, orders for the Apollo 11 command module foil are limited to one per customer. And with the increased attention they’re sure to get as the world commemorates the Apollo 11 anniversary, they’re sure to sell out. So don’t wait. Click here to get your own irreplaceable piece of history right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Protests broke out at Amazon's AWS Summit, a conference hosted in New York City to celebrate the company's cloud computing services, on Thursday. As Amazon CTO Werner Vogels gave a presentation, a group led by a man identified in a tweet as a tech worker interrupted to protest the online retailer-turned-tech giant's ties with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), the federal law enforcement agency responsible for enforcing immigration policy. ABC News reports that tech workers and immigration activists held protests throughout the event, temporarily blocking traffic in Manhattan. BREAKING: second group, led by tech worker, interrupts Amazon CTO Werner Vogels #AWSSummit to demand that Amazon cut ties with ICE and Trump’s deportation machine. #NoTech4ICE @MaketheRoadNY @JFREJNYC pic.twitter.com/FpI7YYbnYA — Daniel Altschuler 🦋 (@altochulo) July 11, 2019  The protestors take issue with Amazon's contracts with the military technology company Palantir, which develops artificial intelligence systems for government agencies and currently relies on Amazon services to support its tech. The protesters also called on Amazon to stop selling its facial recognition AI software, Rekognition, to the government agencies like ICE that monitor and target immigrants as well as to other companies that hold government contracts. At a time when the U.S. operates detention centers that house immigrants and asylum seekers in crowded, inhumane conditions and on the eve of nationwide raids during which ICE plans to track down and arrest thousands of immigrants living in major cities, the protesters demanded Amazon stop working with those that oppress marginalized populations. NOW: Fourth group at #awssummit2019 demands that Amazon CTO Werner Vogels (and the whole company) break ties with rogue ICE and Trump’s deportation machine! #NoTech4ICE pic.twitter.com/GcohZ2v4G3 — Make the Road NY 🦋 (@MaketheRoadNY) July 11, 2019  Vogels was caught off guard by the protests but continued on about the specifics of AWS, according to ZDNet. "I'm more than willing to have a conversation, but maybe they should let me finish first," Vogels said amidst protesters, whose audio was cut off on Amazon's official livestream of the event, per ZDNet. "We'll all get our voices heard," he said before returning to his planned speech. As the federal government cracks down on immigration, facial recognition tools like Rekognition will only make it easier to target the vulnerable, and protesters see that longstanding partnership as Amazon actively profiting off of cruelty. "Amazon Rekognition is primed for abuse in the hands of governments. This product poses a grave threat to communities, including people of color and immigrants, and to the trust and respect Amazon has worked to build," the American Civil Liberties Union wrote in June 2018. "Amazon must act swiftly to stand up for civil rights and civil liberties, including those of its own customers, and take Rekognition off the table for governments." READ MORE: Immigrant rights protesters block traffic, disrupt Amazon conference at Javits Center [ABC News] More on Amazon and ICE: Employees, ACLU Demand Amazon Stop Facilitating Government Surveillance Share This Article 
On Monday, a Russian submarine caught fire during a mission, killing 14 sailors on board. But the public didn't find out about the incident until the next day, when Russia finally released a statement about the accident — though two days after the event, the nation still wouldn't say exactly what kind of sub caught fire or whether it was nuclear-powered. A possible reason for Russia's caginess? Multiple sources are now claiming the sub was an AS-12 "Losharik," a nuclear-powered submarine some speculate was designed to cut the undersea cables that deliver internet to the world. Russian media outlets RBC and Novaya Gazeta have both cited anonymous sources who claim the submarine was a Losharik, and while the sub has been in operation since 2003, Russia has never come out and declared its official purpose. That hasn't stopped the U.S. and other Western officials from conjecturing about it, though. For years, they've warned that Russia has been surveying undersea cables, and experts have called out the Losharik by name as possibly playing a role in future missions to disrupt those cables. Of course, there's another possible reason for Russia's lack of openness about Monday's incident: if the Russian sub was a Losharik, that means a nuclear-powered craft just caught fire. On Tuesday, Norwegian authorities reported that they hadn't detected any abnormal radiation in the area of the fire. But the fact that Russia itself hasn't released a similar statement is cause for serious concern, according to Russian news site The Bell. "Nearly a day without information about the accident in a nuclear facility and the need to look out for Norwegian statements about the level of radiation should have given a shudder to those who remember the Chernobyl nuclear power station," the site wrote about the fire, according to Reuters. READ MORE: Russia accused of cover-up over lethal submarine fire [Reuters] More on undersea cables: Google’s Next Subsea Internet Cable to Connect Africa and Europe Share This Article 
Our Moon might not always be the dedicated companion to Earth that it is now. An international team of researchers has proposed a hypothetical new type of world it calls a "ploonet": a former moon that escaped its host planet's orbit and began circling its host star instead. The team thinks ploonets could explain several unusual astronomical phenomena — and that our own Moon could one day join their ranks. Hot Jupiters are a class of exoplanets that orbit incredibly close to their host stars. However, some astronomers believe they may have actually formed on the outskirts of their solar systems and migrated inward. In a yet-to-be-peer-reviewed paper published on the pre-print server arXiv, the researchers detail their simulations of what might happen if a hot Jupiter started that migration with an exomoon in tow. Based on their simulations, about 48 percent of the exomoons would detach from their hot Jupiters and begin orbiting their stars instead — as ploonets. The team believes ploonets could explain several unusual astronomical phenomenon. An icy moon's water could evaporate as it escapes its planet's orbit and moves toward its star, for example, giving the ploonet a comet-like tail. The passage of such a ploonet across its star might explain why some stars appear to flicker. Meanwhile, a ploonet that eventually crashed into its former host could create debris that might explain the strange rings found around some exoplanets. "Those structures [rings and flickers] have been discovered, have been observed," researcher Mario Sucerquia told Science News. "We just propose a natural mechanism to explain [them]." Ploonethood could also explain why astronomers have yet to definitively find any exomoons despite predictions that the universe should be rife with them — the moons may get kicked out of their planets' orbits before we can detect them. If we see the former moons after that point, we might just mistake them for new exoplanets. Based on the researchers' simulations, ploonets also have incredibly short lifespans, astronomically speaking — roughly 50 percent crash into their star or former host planet within half a million years, while others meet the same fate after less than a million years of ploonethood — which could further explain why we haven't found any. As for Earth's own Moon, Sucerquia told Science News that it "is a potential ploonet" given that it moves about 4 centimeters farther away from Earth every year. But we don't have to worry about it going its own way any time soon — at this rate, it won't break free from Earth's orbit for about 5 billion years. READ MORE: Moons that escape their planets could become 'ploonets' [Science News] More on the exomoons: Researchers Think They’ve Discovered the First Moon Outside Our Solar System Share This Article 
Pretty much all technology in the not-so-distant future will be powered by artificial intelligence, or AI. If you want to be a part of that future, or if you want to help bring it about, you need to get up to speed on the subject. And if you are interested to to learn about AI, the AI & Deep Learning Bundle from Packt Publishing is a great resource. Artificial intelligence run amok is a very popular theme in science fiction. However, the kind of AI that’s being developed and used today isn’t going to make our world look anything like Blade Runner or Terminator. Though some scientists are researching emotional and social AI, most of the time, when we talk about AI what we’re really talking about are computer programs that can learn and solve very specific problems based on external data. This ability often revolves around the use of various algorithms, which are simply instructions for computers to execute. And AI is already being used to power all sorts of technologies. Car companies use AI to build self-driving vehicles. Financial institutions use AI to detect fraud and manage investment portfolios. Doctors and hospitals use AI to optimize cancer treatments, calculate correct dosages, and even perform surgeries. Security agencies use AI for facial recognition systems. And military agencies use AI for lethal autonomous weapons, or LAWs, which are basically drones that locate and automatically engage targets. And all this is just the beginning. The potential uses for AI in the near feature are limitless, assuming we have enough people who know how to put this technology to use. That’s where the AI & Deep Learning Bundle comes in. The AI & Deep Learning Bundle from Packt Publishing gives you access to six e-books and four online courses, with unlimited lifetime access to over 1900 pages, 96 different lectures, and 10 hours of advanced computer developer training. It has everything you need to learn about AI. Here is a brief overview of the resources included in the bundle: The total value of all these resources is $691, which probably sounds about right to you. However, right now Packt Publishing is letting customers name their own price for the entire collection. If you beat the average price, you get the entire collection. If you beat the top price, you get the entire collection and you get entered into a special giveaway. If you don’t beat the average price, you still get one of Packt Publishing’s awesome AI learning resources. How good of a deal is that? At time of writing the average price consumers were paying for the bundle was hovering between $14 and $17. So this deal is kind of insane. So if you want to learn more about AI, this is an opportunity you can’t afford to pass up. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It turns out that you don't need a computer to create an artificial intelligence. In fact, you don't even need electricity. In an extraordinary bit of left-field research, scientists from the University of Wisconsin–Madison have found a way to create artificially intelligent glass that can recognize images without any need for sensors, circuits, or even a power source — and it could one day save your phone's battery life. "We’re always thinking about how we provide vision for machines in the future, and imagining application specific, mission-driven technologies," researcher Zongfu Yu said in a press release. "This changes almost everything about how we design machine vision." In a proof-of-concept study published on Monday in the journal Photonics Research, the researchers describe how they made a sheet of  "smart" glass that could identify handwritten digits. To accomplish that feat, they started by placing different sizes and shapes of air bubbles at specific spots within the glass. Then they added bits of strategically placed light-absorbing materials, including graphene. When the team then wrote down a number, the light reflecting off the digit would enter one side of the glass. The bubbles and impurities would scatter the lightwaves in certain ways depending on the number until they reached one of 10 designated spots — each corresponding to a different digit — on the opposite side of the glass. The glass could essentially tell the researcher what number it saw — at the speed of light and without the need for any traditional computing power source. "We’re accustomed to digital computing, but this has broadened our view," Yu said. "The wave dynamics of light propagation provide a new way to perform analog artificial neural computing." Teaching machines to accurate "see" will be key to achieving our goals for artificial intelligence — machine vision plays a role in everything from autonomous cars to delivery robots. This "smart" glass might not be able to complete calculations complex enough for those uses, but the team does have one possible application for it in mind: smartphone security. Currently, when you attempt to unlock a phone using face ID, an AI within the device has to run a computation, draining battery power in the process. Affix a trained sheet of this smart glass to the front of the device, and it'll be able to take over the task without pulling any power from the phone's battery. "We could potentially use the glass as a biometric lock, tuned to recognize only one person’s face," Yu said. "Once built, it would last forever without needing power or internet, meaning it could keep something safe for you even after thousands of years." READ MORE: AI made from a sheet of glass can recognise numbers just by looking [New Scientist] More on machine vision: This Algorithm Can Create 3D Animations From a Single Still Image Share This Article 
Einstein's gravity-explaining theory of general relativity may not tell the complete story of how galaxies and black holes formed throughout the universe. New supercomputer simulations implementing something called Chameleon Theory provide an alternative explanation for how galaxies formed, and may also help scientists understand dark energy, according to a University of Durham press release. Chameleon Theory is a new theory of gravity in which the effects of gravity can fluctuate and change based on the environment. That's in stark contrast from general relativity, in which gravitational force is treated as a constant. General relativity has been experimentally validated, but the models show that Chameleon Theory can't be ruled out as an alternative, as a universe acting according to the new theory would still form the same kind of galaxies and black holes. The main difference between the two is that general relativity treats dark energy — the mysterious, yet-undetected force thought to be pushing the universe apart — as a sort of uniform constant. The simulations of Chameleon Theory, described in research published Monday in the journal Nature Astronomy, instead treat that force as a changing variable. Tweaking the variables of dark energy and gravity in the simulation affected the amount of cosmic gases that supermassive black holes consumed and burned away, which in turn determined how many stars form in a galaxy. "Chameleon Theory allows for the laws of gravity to be modified so we can test the effect of changes in gravity on galaxy formation," Durham computational cosmologist Christian Arnold said in the press release. "Through our simulations we have shown for the first time that even if you change gravity, it would not prevent disc galaxies with spiral arms from forming." Chameleon Theory doesn't by any means debunk general relativity, though. Models for both general relativity and Chameleon Theory gave rise to realistic galaxies. However, the newly vindicated models suggest that there could be multiple scientific ways to make sense of the universe — by tweaking the behavior of gravity on a cosmological scale, the Durham scientists behind the study think they have a shot at figuring out what dark energy really is. "Our research definitely does not mean that general relativity is wrong, but it does show that it does not have to be the only way to explain gravity's role in the evolution of the universe." READ MORE: Supercomputer shows 'Chameleon Theory' could change how we think about gravity [University of Durham via Phys.org] More on General Relativity: The World's First Black Hole Image Vindicates Einstein's Theory Share This Article 
Denis Rebrikov wants to use CRISPR to create more gene-edited babies — and he already knows who their parents might be. In June, the Russian biologist told Nature he planned to gene-edit human embryos and then bring them to term. To date, only one person — Chinese scientist He Jiankui — has ever openly produced gene-edited babies, with the claim that the edits would prevent the babies from inheriting their fathers' HIV. On Thursday, Rebrikov told New Scientist he has five pairs of Russian parents eager to let him gene-edit their embryos for a different and socially loaded reason: to prevent the offspring from inheriting their parents' deafness. Rebrikov told New Scientist that each parent interested in his study is deaf due to mutations in their GJB2 gene. When two people with those mutations reproduce, the child is guaranteed to be born deaf. By using CRISPR to edit one copy of the GJB2 gene in a fertilized embryo, Rebrikov believes he'll be able to grant the parents' wishes to have a biological child that isn't deaf. If Rebrikov is going to move forward with using CRISPR on human embryos — and it seems there's nothing anyone outside of Russia can do to stop him — this use of CRISPR is potentially more justifiable than He's arguably unnecessary attempts to prevent HIV. "It is clear and understandable to ordinary people," he told New Scientist. "Each new baby for this pair would be deaf without gene mutation editing." Also unlike He, who acted without first consulting Chinese authorities, Rebrikov plans reach out to the Russian government in "a couple of weeks" to ask permission before beginning his controversial CRISPR experiment. Rebrikov's use of CRISPR might be more medically justifiable than He's, but that doesn't mean it's not still highly controversial. For one, some don't think deafness is a condition that needs to be treated at all. They argue that deafness is a culture that should be embraced, not a disability. In fact, some see surgeries or medical devices designed to give otherwise deaf individuals the ability to hear as a form of "genocide" against a minority group. Many of those people — as well as some whose deafness can't be addressed by medical interventions — live full, otherwise healthy lives without the ability to hear. And at this early stage in CRISPR research, some scientists think we shouldn't risk experimenting with the tech on humans unless it's necessary to save their lives. "The first human trials should start with embryos or infants with nothing to lose, with fatal conditions," University of Oxford bioethicist Julian Savulescu told New Scientist. "You should not be starting with an embryo which stands to lead a pretty normal life." READ MORE: Exclusive: Five couples lined up for CRISPR babies to avoid deafness [New Scientist] More on CRISPR: Russian Biologist Pledges to Create More CRISPR-Edited Babies Share This Article 
If you're looking for a fun and convenient way to learn about coding and electronics, don't sit hunched over your computer watching random YouTube videos late into the night. Instead, give Creation Crate a try. It's a subscription box service that sends you fun arduino projects on a monthly basis at prices starting at less than $23.00. Creation Crate's monthly subscription box project kits are based on the Arduino platform. Each crate contains everything you need to create your own electronics project. It's fun and interesting, but the company's deeper purpose is to foster badly needed STEM education, giving users (children and adults alike) a way to receive a sturdy foundation of literacy in electronics and coding, which has obvious applications throughout the modern 21st century. Such a foundation has obvious benefits in terms of professional prospects, but they can also help kids (and even adults) develop better social and problem-solving skills. Plus, you get to keep all the projects you build, projects like the following: That's just a small sampling of previous projects available from Creation Crate's Electronics 101 curriculum. At present, there are also three other curriculum levels you can choose from depending on the intended user's age and/or experience: Electronics 2.0, Engineering (Jr), and Wearables. A single box from Creation Crate is $29.99, but if you subscribe to additional months of arduino projects, you also get a significant discount. There's a three-month tier that comes to $26.99 a month, a six-month tier for $25.49 a month, and for a whole year the cost is just $22.49 a month. Another cool thing about Creation Crate is that literally anyone with an interest in electronics can participate, regardless of age. Here's some relevant feedback from a middle-school student who took to the curriculum: "I am a seventh grader who really likes building and coding. Previously, I was getting another crate like this, but it was getting sort of easy. I asked my grandma to switch it over to this. I just got my first Creation Crate and it was amazing. Before, with the other crate, I wasn't challenged much, but with this one, I had lots of fun figuring out what each line of code actually did." But even if you're only a kid at heart, Creation Crate is likely a good way for you to learn more about electronics, like this guy (who was apparently too busy doing Creation Crate projects in his spare time, so his wife had to do the testimonial for him): "My husband has been wanting to get into electronics as a side hobby for some time and this has been a great way to ease him into a field that he is completely unfamiliar with. The projects can even be passed down to the kids as he moves on to new crates, what a deal! Thank you!" Creation Crate is adding new projects all the time, so there's no reason not to dive in and get started as soon as you can. You can do it right now by heading over to the Creation Crate official site right here to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's hard for many of us to even imagine being able to wake up in the morning without that ritualistic jolt of caffeine. The stimulant most commonly found in coffee and energy drinks has benefits that are well known, as well as potential side effects that are equally familiar. However, there might just be a better way to give your brain a boost without the annoying side effects or inevitable crash. Specifically, this powerful nootropics blend from TruBrain has been specially formulated to enhance cognitive function and improve your focus. The goal of TruBrain is to help your mind work at optimum efficiency by providing enhanced brain function, increased focus, improved verbal ability, and better memory. It's made from a high-quality blend of nootropics, which consists of amino acids, nutrients, and minerals your brain uses as fuel. Unlike quack brain boosters you often see online, nootropics like TruBrain aren't based on pseuodoscientific promises. Instead, it uses scientifically proven methods to increase blood flow to the brain, which in turn brings more oxygen and glucose. As a result, your brain cell metabolism improves, which allows your mind to make new neural connections through a process known as plasticity. Better plasticity, means better memory, language, focus, and more. In other words, TruBrain provides a safe, natural boost to your cognitive function. Unlike coffee, which plies your brain with caffeine, TruBrain works in an entirely different manner. Essentially, caffeine blocks the neurotransmitters in your brain that cause drowsiness, but only temporarily. Rather than simply blocking sleepiness, TruBrain actively promotes higher brain plasticity and all the benefits associated with it. While you might be understandably skeptical, TruBrain's positive effects are backed up by some heavy duty science. It's been subject to third party clinical trials that have shown significant boosts of brain function among test subjects, including improvements in memory and learning. It's even been studied under EEG brainwave analysis, which shows alpha brain wave activity. And the formula used to make TruBrain is 100-percent safe, and was found to be less toxic than ordinary table salt. There are also no known side-effects – long- or short-term. TruBrain is available as a drink that comes in individual, ten-ounce shots, as well as 45-gram energy bars. And right now, you can also get a 10-Drink Trial Pack of TruBrain for only $10. And as mentioned above, these products provide results which are much more robust than a simple caffeine jolt. To get a better idea of what TruBrain is all about, and to order products for yourself, just head over to the TruBrain website and find the quantity product that best fits your lifestyle. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Even though research indicates that the clothes you wear can alter your performance, you don’t always have a say in the matter. Professional work environments oftentimes have rules in place that force us to dress a certain way, even if it’s uncomfortable. This is because studies indicate that dressing the part helps people perform better at work. But what about when you need to feel comfortable in order to think or, more importantly, perform? Well, it turns out that dressing professional doesn’t have to feel bad. In fact, if you’re looking for business attire that fits and feels like athleisure, look no further than Ministry Of Supply’s Kinetic, wrinkle free pants. These Kinetic work pants are proof that when it comes to workplace dress codes, you don’t have to choose between feeling uncomfortable and looking good. This is because the Kinetic, wrinkle free pants were designed to be the most flattering pair you own. They are made from resilient Japanese warp-knit Kinetic fabric that gives unrivaled mobility, responds to your movements throughout the day, and always bounces back. This makes the Kinetic Dress Pant the perfect mix of form meeting function. The result is a pant that uses cutting edge technology to ensure that every pair of the wrinkle free pants also offers a perfect fit. In order to produce garments that fit a variety of bodies perfectly, Ministry Of Design reconfigured cutting edge fashion by reimagining dress pants. They do this by focusing on classic designs that look fabulous on everybody, and that come to life thanks to radically engineered fabrics and state of the art construction techniques. Ministry of Supply’s Kinetic Dress Pants are designed, built, and tested to respond to your body's needs. Formal looks meet sporting performance in this innovative fabric that never wrinkles. By using high-tech fabrics such as Japanese Primeflex polyester, Ministry Of Supply produces timeless pieces that provide the comfort and ease of athletic-wear while giving the appearance of business-appropriate attire. The warp-knitting of Japanese Primeflex unlocks structural stretch that doesn’t rely on materials that break down over time, leaving your pants in the same primo condition as when you bought them. The fabric also uses your body's own heat to remain wrinkle free. Plus, it provides you with the feel and structure of a woven material that still bends and stretches like a knit. So you can do more while feeling as comfortable as you would in athletic pants. Part of what makes Ministry Of Supply’s Kinetic, wrinkle free pants unique is that they were designed to have an extended lifespan. This is done to help diminish the product's carbon footprint. They also implemented cutting-edge techniques, such as 3D Print-Knit, which reduces scrap waste by over 30 percent. Thanks to these design techniques, Ministry Of Supply contributes far less to the 14.3 million pounds of clothing being thrown away each year in the US. Ministry of Supply’s Kinetic, wrinkle free dress pants have a design that can’t be beat, and is arguably the most comfortable business attire you'll find. It allows you to dress in a professional manner that also offers comfort and style. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to shoes, most of us would love to wear sneakers all the time. They’re light. They’re comfortable. Best of all, they’re stylish. The only problem is that sneakers are not very durable, nor do they offer much protection for your feet. That means they’re not very suitable for spending time in the great outdoors or doing work around the house – let alone for physically demanding jobs in construction, security, or food service. However, the folks at Indestructible Shoes are using high-tech fabrics and other advanced materials to change all that. And with the revolutionary Ryder sneaker they’ve hit the ball out of the park. As their name implies, Indestructible Shoes specializes in footwear that can take a serious beating. With the Ryder they’ve created the perfect hybrid shoe that combines the protection and durability of heavy duty work boots with the style and comfort of sneakers. That may sound impossible, but it’s true. See for yourself. The Ryder is the perfect combination of style and performance. It’s tough enough to wear on a construction site, but stylish enough for anything your weekends throw at you. The uppers are constructed from moisture-wicking flymesh fabric made from military grade kevlar, which means they are as breathable as they are durable. And while each shoe weighs less than a pound, they still feature European steel toes that offer full protection from crushing falling objects. You certainly won’t find any knit shoes like that at your local Foot Locker. Steel toes aren’t the only protection these shoes offer, though – Ryders are also puncture resistant. The outsoles are made from a military grade material that is extremely flexible and twistable, but at the same time almost completely impenetrable. They feature skid-proof grips, shock-absorption technology, and electric shock insulation. So whether you’re walking through a job site on Tuesday, or a jagged creek bed on Sunday, your feet will always be protected. The Ryder features a no-tie lace closure system for convenience, style, and outstanding support. They come in four stylish colors, including the grey you see here, plus black, green, and pink. And right now they’re all on sale for an insanely low $79 –just over 50-percent off the regular price of $160. The Ryder sneaker from Indestructible Shoes is a groundbreaking shoe. And whether you work in construction and you’re sick and tired of giant steel-toed work boots, or you’re just a weekend adventurer who enjoys the outdoors and completing projects around the house, this current deal is simply too good to pass up. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It sounds like science fiction, but the idea of moving heavy industries off Earth seems far less far-fetched ever before. Collecting resources from other planets or asteroids instead of using up what little we have left on Earth could be the key to ensuring that human beings survive, Discover Magazine reports. "The solar system can support a billion times greater industry than we have on Earth," Phil Metzger, a planetary scientist at the University of Central Florida, told Discover. "When you go to vastly larger scales of civilization, beyond the scale that a planet can support, then the types of things that civilization can do are incomprehensible to us." As Earth-based resources dwindle, the population increases — and something has to give. At least, that's the argument behind a new school of companies that have cropped up over the last decade or so, trying to become pioneers of space resource gathering. For instance, Planetary Resources Inc. has collected tens of millions in funding to develop asteroid mining technologies. But financial troubles meant that the company had to delay its first asteroid prospecting mission indefinitely. Billionaire Blue Origin and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is all-in as well. "The reason we've got to go to space, in my view, is to save the Earth," Bezos said during the announcement of his space company's lunar lander last month. "A very fundamental long-range problem is that we will run out of energy on Earth," Bezos said at the event. "This is just arithmetic. It will happen." Even NASA has recently chosen to invest millions of dollars in tech concepts that could help us explore lunar crates and mining asteroids. Not only physical resources could become the solution for an overburdened planet. Solar power stations in space could beam near-limitless energy back to Earth — a plan that China is already working to put into action. But not everybody is of the same mind: a group of scientists came together to sign a proposal calling for more than 85 percent of the solar system to be protected from human development. "If we don’t think about this now, we will go ahead as we always have, and in a few hundred years we will face an extreme crisis, much worse than we have on Earth now," Martin Elvis, senior astrophysicist at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and lead author of the proposal told The Guardian. "Once you’ve exploited the solar system, there’s nowhere left to go." Before space manufacturing and mining become reality, there's still a lot of work to be done as scientists have only made incremental steps towards that future so far. Just five years ago, California-based startup Made In Space became the first company to 3D print an object in zero gravity. The same company scored a major contract with NASA in 2018 to develop a "hybrid metal manufacturing system for space exploration." The idea is to print parts using aerospace-grade metals like titanium and aluminum. And Japanese space agency JAXA recently managed to land its Hayabusa2 spacecraft on a tiny asteroid, even shooting a bullet — and dropping a bomb — at its surface to collect samples. These efforts however are still a far cry from a future in which asteroid mining could support human civilizations in deep space. We haven't even figured out which nation will get to call those resources their own — an issue that's bound to conjure up some political uneasiness. But time is running out — climate change and rapidly-depleting resources are forcing us to look beyond our home planet. Hopefully we can make the transition before it's too late. READ MORE: Made in Space: Why Earth’s Industries Might One Day Leave Our Planet [Discover Magazine] More on space mining: NASA Funds $2M Study to See if We Could Live in Moon Pits Share This Article 
Your Clouds Can (YCC) 2019 was an immersive experience unlike any conference. Its purpose? To understand how seemingly traditional businesses can utilize data and cloud based technology to reimagine themselves and grow. On June 5th, Futurism and IBM took attendees on a journey – but, unlike traditional conferences, they brought the audience members directly to the speakers' headquarters. They immersed the attendees into the culture, attitudes, and atmospheres of these innovative companies to give them a deeper understanding of these tools, and how they can be applied to attendees' businesses. Attendees and hosts alike enjoyed conversations, not presentations, and dialogues, not monologues. On-site and hands-on, attendees went behind the curtain at each stop on this innovation tour to fully investigate and discover exactly how each of these companies are leveraging data and technology for growth. YCC attendees were guided through experiences and discussions at four NYC companies actively innovating and changing the landscape of their industries. The first stop and breakfast was at CAMP, a brand new retail venture at the cross section of toy stores and playgrounds. CAMP uses technology and data to improve the speed and accuracy of merchandising decisions, allowing them to transform their retail environment three to four times a year based on the interests of their customers and cultural trends. Next, guests toured BuzzFeed and learned how they leverage data-driven insights generated from their millions of readers to develop brand new products and campaigns for clients. Jake Bronstein, VP of Innovation at BuzzFeed, spoke about their unique sprint process with their editorial and data teams: “We have a big preference for test and learn, there’s no one model,” Bronstein said. “What does our audience need? How do we make that happen?” Afterwards guests visited LivePerson, and learned how their AI-powered conversational platform is transforming customer engagement into a source of competitive advantage. As pioneers in live chat, LivePerson gave an inside look at how companies like GEICO and The Cosmopolitan are communicating with their customers using AI to create meaningful differentiated experiences.   Finally, the day concluded at Betaworks, a tenacious tech company running accelerators and designing communities at their new membership club in NYC’s Meatpacking District.  Here a panel of start-up veterans and leaders discussed how to scale innovative ideas faster through cloud and other technologies. To close the day, Krissi Xenakis, Design Lead for the IBM Garage, explained how IBM teaches companies to iterate, experiment, build, and develop, using a design thinking approach that fosters the type of innovation seen at CAMP, BuzzFeed and LivePerson.  “What’s the smallest thing we can build that tests the greatest risk of our innovation? We need to test that the assumptions about our user are accurate and meaningful.” she said. Through out the day, attendees were able to have breakout sessions in transit between locations to collectively digest and discuss what they had learned.. Make no mistake, this was not awkward attempts at networking. This was natural conversation, fun and insightful, made casual through the immersive, traveling nature of the conference itself. The vibe of learning and discussion is palpably different when caravaning from location to location, company to company. Vlad Shenderovich, Director of Operations, LOLI Beauty agreed, saying, “it breaks the traditional format. I like that it's interactive, focuses on the audience and not just the panelists so you're able to see, interact, engage and ask questions."  That is what makes YCC unique and rewarding. Not everyone gets to enjoy lunch on BuzzFeed’s terrace or tour Betaworks Studios’ private membership club. It’s more than just access, it’s an insider’s peek into the technology, ideas and culture that drive the business innovation and success.  Visit YourCloudsCan.com to see videos of what you missed and sign up to be the first to know about future events. Will you join us for the ride at the next YCC? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with IBM, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As nice as it'd be to have the option of catching up on some reading — or sleep — while an autonomous vehicle drives you to work, the real draw of self-driving cars is the idea that they'll be safer drivers than whoever just cut you off in the exit lane with inches to spare. After all, if the vast majority of traffic accidents are caused by human error, taking humans out of the equation should save lives, right? In theory, sure. But in practice? Only if we can build autonomous vehicles safer than, well, the average driver. And right now, the entire auto industry is approaching that same goal from countless directions, and no one even knows what the measure of success is — or should — be. To bring some orderliness to this currently chaotic situation, a group of 11 companies, including Intel, Audi, and Volkswagen, teamed up to publish a white paper titled "Safety First for Automated Driving," an exhaustive guide to developing safe autonomous vehicles. The 146-page-long document's centerpiece are twelve guiding principles detailing the various capabilities a self-driving car must have before it can be considered "safe." Here's a quick primer on each of them. Safe Operation: An autonomous vehicle must be able to cope with the loss of any of its critical components. Safety Layer: The self-driving car must know its own limits and understand when it's safe to return control to the human driver. Operational Design Domain (ODD): The autonomous vehicle must be prepared to assess the risks of typical driving situations. Behavior in Traffic: The car's behavior needs to be predictable to other drivers on the road, and it needs to act according to traffic rules. User Responsibility: The vehicle needs to be able to recognize a driver's state of alertness and communicate to them any tasks for which they are responsible. Vehicle-Initiated Handover: Autonomous vehicles must be able to let drivers know when they need to takeover and make it easy for them to do so. If a takeover request is ignored, the vehicle also needs to have a way to cope with the situation while minimizing risk. Driver-Initiated Handover: The driver needs to have a way to explicitly ask to take over operation of the self-driving car. Effects of Automation: An autonomous vehicle must consider how automation could affect the driver even directly after the period of automated driving is over. Safety Assessment: There needs to be a consistent way to verify and validate the autonomous vehicle's ability to meet safety goals. Data Recording: If the self-driving car recognizes an event or incident, it needs to be able to record relevant data in a way that doesn't violate applicable data privacy laws. Security: Safe autonomous vehicles will need to have some protection against security threats. Passive Safety: The self-driving car needs to be prepared for any crash scenarios that might be unique to vehicle automation. This all sounds well and good. Accomplishing all — let alone most, or even a majority — of these goals is going to be another matter. Notably, a few major companies and tech players are missing from the list of people who assembled this list (i.e., Tesla, Waymo, et al). Hard not to wonder why: Maybe these companies, all of whom are seemingly behind in the race for self-driving vehicles, are looking to assemble some common ground to edge their behemoth competition out of (or maybe they simply have other ideas about safety). Whatever the case may be, the autonomous road race won't be won by anybody who doesn't adhere to these concepts if they become law — in other words, consider this just another in a long series of shots in the war to earn pole position. READ MORE: 11 companies propose guiding principles for self-driving vehicles [VentureBeat] More on autonomous vehicles: This Guide Could Dictate How Cops Handle Autonomous Car Crashes Share This Article 
Heads up: For approximately four minutes this afternoon, the Moon will block out the Sun over parts of South America — but you don't need to be in Chile or Argentina to see the stunning spectacle. California's Exploratorium has teamed up with NASA to broadcast a livestream of the eclipse via the video linked below. The coverage will begin at 3 p.m. ET, with the eclipse expected to take place between 4:38 p.m. and 4:44 p.m. ET. If you happen to live within the eclipse's path, make sure you fight the urge to look directly at the Sun during it as doing so could permanently damage your eyes. Which, yes, happens to people. Quite a bit. Instead, you'll want to use your lunch break today to procure a pair of special eclipse glasses. But if that's not possible, a sheet of paper with a pinhole poked through it is, of course, an acceptable DIY alternative. READ MORE: Watch Today's Total Solar Eclipse Right Here [Gizmodo] More on eclipses: Watch: What Happened to Solar Power in the US During the Eclipse Share This Article 
If our global climate change catastrophe continues unchecked, vast swaths of the world will likely become harsher and far less hospitable for humanity. When that happens, an even greater rift will appear between the global haves and have-nots, as many people will be left without the means to escape the worst effects of the climate crisis, according to a new report published Tuesday by the U.N.'s Human Rights Council that describes an impending "climate apartheid." While the rich hire private firefighters or move to more expensive habitable areas, the report predicts that 120 million people will be pushed into poverty by 2030 by climate change. Many more will die. The report describes how the poorest 3.5 billion people in the world are responsible for ten percent of the world's greenhouse gas emissions, while the richest ten percent of the global population is responsible for half. "Perversely, the richest, who have the greatest capacity to adapt and are responsible for and have benefitted from the vast majority of greenhouse gas emissions, will be the best placed to cope with climate change," U.N. poverty and human rights official Philip Alston wrote in the report, "while the poorest, who have contributed the least to emissions and have the least capacity to react, will be the most harmed." In the report, Alston writes how the wealthy's access to lifesaving resources has caused humanity to adapt to the climate crisis in the wrong direction — instead of acting to prevent or reverse the worst of climate change, the rich can afford to personally avoid the problem. "An over-reliance on the private sector could lead to a climate apartheid scenario in which the wealthy pay to escape overheating, hunger, and conflict, while the rest of the world is left to suffer," writes Alston. READ MORE: 'Climate apartheid' to push 120 million into poverty by 2030, UN says [CNN] More on climate change: Doomsday Report Author: Earth's Leaders Have Failed Share This Article 
Astronomers who detected a mysterious, fleeting radio signal from space finally figured out where it came from. The radio burst, which only lasted for one millisecond, originated from the outer reaches of a distant galaxy, from which it spent 4 billion years traveling to Earth. In this case, astronomers at Chile's Gemini South telescope were able to track the radio signal's origins using a finely-tuned array of antennas, according to research published in the journal Science. The scientists think their approach could help pinpoint other signals from outer space. The radio burst was first detected by Australia's Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder telescope, but it was a sensitive array of 36 antennas at Gemini that let the astronomers actually trace the signal back to its roots. The radio signal hit each antenna at a slightly different point in time, indicating which direction it was traveling, according to the research. All scientists had to do was trace the line. "From these tiny time differences — just a fraction of a billionth of a second — we identified the burst’s home galaxy," Swinburne University of Technology scientist Adam Deller said in a press release. The measurements at Gemini were precise enough to not only track down the galaxy from which the radio burst originated, but also the specific region within the galaxy, per the press release. "We found that the [radio burst] was located away from the galaxy's core, out in the 'galactic suburbs,'" said Deller. That level of precision could help astronomers build a better 3D map of the universe, the astronomers said in the release, as plotting the path of the radio signal and measuring how long it took to travel could give clues as to what it had to pass through along the way. READ MORE: A single fast radio burst localized to a massive galaxy at cosmological distance [Science] More on space signals: AI Just Detected 72 Radio Bursts That Could Come From Aliens Share This Article 
Since we can't travel billions of years back in time — not yet, anyways — one of the best ways to understand how our universe evolved is to create computer simulations of the process using what we do know about it. Most of those simulations fall into one of two categories: slow and more accurate, or fast and less accurate. But now, an international team of researchers has built an AI that can quickly generate highly-accurate, three-dimensional simulations of the universe — even when they tweak parameters the system wasn't trained on. "It’s like teaching image recognition software with lots of pictures of cats and dogs, but then it’s able to recognize elephants," researcher Shirley Ho said in a press release. "Nobody knows how it does this, and it’s a great mystery to be solved." The scientists detail how they created this universe simulator, which they've named the Deep Density Displacement Model (D3M), in a study published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The goal was to teach D3M how to model the way gravity shapes the universe. To that end, they started by feeding the system 8,000 different gravity-focused simulations created by a highly accurate existing universe simulator. That system needed 300 computation hours to create just one of its simulations, but after training on the data, D3M was able to produce its own simulations of a cube universe 600 million light-years across in just 30 milliseconds. Those simulations were more accurate than those of the existing "fast" systems, which need a couple of minutes to create a simulation. But speed isn't the most remarkable thing about D3M. That would be its ability to accurately simulate what the universe would look like even if the researchers changed parameters that weren't included in its training data. For example, they could tweak the percent of dark matter in their universe, and D3M could accurately simulate that universe's evolution. In addition to helping physicists like Ho better understand the universe's evolution, this strange behavior has the potential to help computer scientists better understand AI. "We can be an interesting playground for a machine learner to use to see why this model extrapolates so well, why it extrapolates to elephants instead of just recognizing cats and dogs," Ho said in the press release. "It’s a two-way street between science and deep learning." READ MORE: The first AI capable of simulating the universe works so well it’s scary [The Next Web] More on computer simulations: Scientists Produce Most Precise Black Hole Simulations Ever Share This Article 
Europe is on fire, figuratively and — in the case of Spain's Catalonia region — literally. A town in southern France called Villevieille just reached the country's hottest-ever recorded temperature of 45.1 degrees Celsius (113 Fahrenheit) — hotter than the recorded highs in the Saharan desert. While some are saying, the extreme weather is directly linked to climate change. To others, it's a warning shot of what's yet to come. The French government is on high alert. For the first time ever, the national weather service activated its highest level heat danger alert. Thousands of schools are closed, as nobody wants a repeat of 2003's heat wave that killed some 15,000 people. Germany, Poland and the Czech Republic all recorded their highest-ever June temperatures this week, as CNN reports. Germany's record of 38.6 degrees Celsius (101.5 Fahrenheit) beat a record from 1947 — 72 years ago. The country imposed a speed limit on its autobahn network — where there usually isn't one — because the heat caused the road surfaces to deteriorate. Meanwhile, firefighters in Catalonia are trying to gain control over a massive 10,000 acre wildfire, likely caused by a heap of manure that self-ignited due to the heat. But can the heatwave be chalked up to climate change caused by human activity or is it just an unusual weather pattern? Heatwaves are a regular natural occurrence after all. "Due to simple warming, due to global warming, these type of heat extremes are much more likely," climate change expert at Amsterdam University told Euronews. "The hottest summers in Europe since the year 1500 AD all occurred since the last turn of the century: 2018, 2010, 2003, 2016, 2002," Stefan Rahmstorf, climate researcher at Potsdam University in Germany, told CNN. The number of #heatwaves in #France has doubled in the past 34 years and is expected to double again by 2050, per @meteofrance #ClimateChange pic.twitter.com/uUHT1HgnLT — WMO | OMM (@WMO) June 25, 2019  A scientific study from 2018 by the World Weather Attribution group found that extreme temperatures in northern Europe were made "more likely due to anthropogenic climate change" — in fact climate change made the 2018 European heatwave up to "five times" more likely. And the outlook is rather grim — that is, if we sit idly by. "Heatwaves will become more intense, they will become more drawn out, they will become more extreme, they will start earlier and they will finish later," spokeswoman for the World Meteorological Organization Clare Nullis told a briefing in Geneva. Météo-France suggested that the frequency of heatwaves could double by 2050. And, without drastic policy changes, the length of heatwaves could extend from just five days to 25 in the future. In the U.S. however, the response is quite a bit different. The news comes after the Trump Administration hid at least 45 research studies from the Department of Agriculture (USDA) into the impacts of climate change, according to a POLITICO investigation. And that's despite more Americans believing in global warming than ever before according to a January report by Yale University researchers. READ MORE: European heatwave: France hits highest recorded temperature of 45.1°C [New Scientist] More on climate change: “Climate Apartheid” Is Imminent. Only the Rich Will Survive. Share This Article 
If you saw the movie Alien, or any of its sequels, you know what happens when you're marooned in space and you don't work together as a team. Cooperation is key in all dangerous environments, and that's especially true in a malfunctioning spaceship. And that's pretty much the entire premise behind Spaceteam, a fast-paced, a science-fiction-themed cooperative card game. Spaceteam is an adaptation of a popular mobile game of the same name. The game puts you and up to five more players (and even more if you buy the expansion packs) on board a spaceship that's in need of increasingly urgent repairs. The goal is to avoid obliteration by repairing the ship before it's too late. But the repairs in question require the cooperation of all players, and also a lot of friendly shouting. The game seems simple enough on the surface: Each player starts with five Tool Cards, with absolutely real names like “Centrifugal Disperser” or “Kilobypass Transformer." Each Tool Card can only work on certain Malfunction Cards, which are randomly drawn, and represent the various problems plaguing your imaginary spacecraft. Cards can be passed to adjacent players,, but never across, meaning the team has to find out who has the proper card and get it from point A to point B within the allotted amount of time, or risk being sucked into the vacuum of space. The game is a proven winner, even among new players, because learning how to play is half the fun. Within minutes of starting the game, even a group of total strangers will soon be treating each other like old friends thanks to the transformative magic of cooperative shouting. As one happy Amazon customer put it: Brought this to a game night where I didn’t know many of the people and by the end of the third round we were screaming at each other like we’d known each other for years.” The basic Spaceteam set comes with 90 playing cards, a timer, and instructions. But if you're curious about those aforementioned expansion packs, they include extra cards that add some interesting twists to the game. To keep things family-friendly (like the game itself), go with the TRIANGULUM EXPANSION. But for an adults-only version of the game, take a look at the NSFS EXPANSION, which adds provocative gadgets like Anesthetizers, Inebriators, and Pleasurizers into the mix. It's worth noting that the game was produced using funds from an extremely successful Kickstarter campaign which managed to raise almost $200,000 in the first thirty days, so obviously it has some loyal fans. And if you're interested in seeing what all the fuss is about, click here to get your copy of Spaceteam, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA’s Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) keeps knocking it out of the park with planet discoveries. The satellite's most recent finding is a little exoplanet called L 98-59b — and it's the tiniest exoplanet TESS has ever spotted. Measuring slightly bigger than Mars, but still smaller than Earth, the exoplanet orbits its own bright, cool nearby star about 35 light-years away, alongside two other exoplanets. NASA wants to begin studying the three planets to study whether they've got atmospheres, and if they do, what gasses comprise these atmospheres. The three exoplanets "are prime targets for further follow-up observations" according to research on the discovery published in The Astronomical Journal, and studying them could potentially reveal a host of other nearby undiscovered planets.   All three worlds in the L 98-59 system were discovered by TESS using "transits," or periodic dips in a star’s brightness. These happen when each planet passes in front of the satellite. TESS holds still for about 27 days at a time to monitor one 24-by-96-degree sector of the sky during this process, and in July, the mission will have completed its first year of observations. The other two worlds in the system, L 98-59c and L 98-59d, are about 1.4 and 1.6 times bigger than Earth. Unfortunately, NASA says none of the planets lie within their star's habitable zone, which would make the existence of liquid water possible. But despite that, the planets do occupy the "Venus zone," where a planet with an Earth-like atmosphere could experience a greenhouse gas effect, that would (theoretically!) give it a Venus-like atmosphere — but NASA says more study of the planets is required before we know for sure. "The discovery is a great engineering and scientific accomplishment for TESS," said Veselin Kostov, an astrophysicist for NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center. "For atmospheric studies of small planets, you need short orbits around bright stars, but such planets are difficult to detect. This system has the potential for fascinating future studies." READ MORE: TESS Finds Its Smallest Planet Yet [NASA]  Read more on recently-discovered exoplanets: Scientists Find the Most Earth-Like Exoplanet Ever — and It's Nearby Share This Article 
Lots of people think they know how to address the loneliness epidemic sweeping the globe. More than 1,000 cafes in the U.K. now have designated tables for lonely people to chat with one another, and lonesome folks can now take advantage of a growing number of algorithm-powered friendship apps. In South Korea, engineers have built a robot that encourages young people to socialize, while University of Chicago scientists are currently hard at work developing a pill to make it easier for lonely people to reach out to others. But long before "loneliness epidemic" was even a term, entrepreneur Scott Rosenbaum was already attempting to help people feel less socially isolated — by renting friends to them by the hour. Rosenbaum launched RentAFriend.com in 2009, and today, members pay $24.95 per month for the ability to contact the available "friends" with profiles on the site. The two then negotiate an hourly rate for the friend rental, with the friend keeping 100 percent of the agreed-upon fee, which is delivered in cash upon meeting. According to RentAFriend's about page, that usually starts at $10 per hour, meaning Vox writer Jean-Luc Bouchard must've rented a top-of-the-line friend for his recent investigation into the website. In the piece, Bouchard recounts how he paid a woman he found on RentAFriend $20 per hour to join him for a movie, a walk through New York City, and a meal of cactus tacos. The afternoon cost him a total average of $47 per hour, if you count what he paid for the membership fee, movie tickets, and food. While his afternoon with Lyla (not her real name) was perfectly pleasant, the exchange of money prevented it from feeling like a genuine encounter with a new friend — but that's not to say Bouchard didn't see the value in the service provided by RentAFriend. "Renting a friend felt worse than regular friendship — it lacked its ease, the mutual respect and comfort that familiarity allows, and the certainty that it will last longer than an afternoon," Bouchard wrote, "but it also felt better than being lonely." Today, more Americans are living alone than at any other time in the nation's history, and the average household size in shrinking as more people choose to forgo marriage and parenthood. Those changes and others have contributed to a doubling of the percentage of American adults who say they’re lonely over the past few decades, from 20 percent in the 1980s to 40 percent by 2013. Former U.S. surgeon general Vivek H. Murthy described that growing sense of loneliness amongst Americans as a public health crisis back in 2017 for good reason — research has linked loneliness to countless health problems, including heart disease, Type 2 diabetes, dementia, and suicide attempts. So, while Bouchard may have found RentAFriend to fall short of genuine friendship, the potential health benefits of renting friends might be worthwhile for those for whom the free kind of companionship isn't an option. READ MORE: I paid $47 an hour for someone to be my friend [Vox] More on loneliness: Feeling Lonely? Scientists Are Developing a Pill to Fight Loneliness Share This Article 
At Your Clouds Can 2019, Futurism and IBM turned the typical conference structure on its head. During the day-long event, a select group of individuals visited four different NYC companies that use cloud computing to innovate in their fields – all while exploring topics like vision, design, and scale. Here are a few of the key takeaways from Your Clouds Can 2019. It all starts with a vision for how to create a deeper connection with your customers by delivering on their needs and desires proactively. How do you orient your organization around this North Star? In order to fully understand your organization’s trajectory and the needs and expectations of your customers, it’s best to determine exactly who (or what) your competition is. While all of us are working to make the world a better place and trying to make life easier for our customers, the realm of business competition is shifting.  “We used to compete with people who made a product like ours. Now we compete against the best customer interaction that your customer has had anywhere.” - Deborah Leff. Global Leader and Industry CTO for Data Science at AI Elite Team at IBM Data is your most valuable resource. But like any untapped resource, it takes work, understanding, and human ingenuity to fully utilize the resource and unleash the true power of data. Data must be analyzed, leveraged, shaped, and developed, but the data itself has no value unless it’s rooted in strategy. How your company organizes data, the way your teams work to mine insights and make recommendations with that data is absolutely vital and part and parcel to the value of your data. “We get calls from a lot of advertising partners, asking for a trend newsletter… and the answer is you can’t, all of these insights don’t work for everybody.” - Talia Halperin, VP of Brand Partnerships, BuzzFeed With the right team and proper organization, you can take your raw stone data and yield highly polished, precious gems. Think big. Start small. Move fast. If you don’t know what you’re testing, all the results in the world will tell you nothing. These Lean Startup concepts are not new but they are becoming ever more important when leveraging data and building for scale. Successful businesses transition from giving their customers what the executives think they want, to giving their customers what they actually want, based on data, feedback, insight, and experimentation. “What are consumers actually saying about my brands, my business? How do I take what my consumer is saying and help fuel product development? And then you take product development, you provide products that people actually want, they love, they like, and that's the point where you can then have the data relationship with them to then stick it back into the system to keep listening to them, to keep building better product.” - Mike Simpson, CMO, Stanley Black and Decker To access the remaining 7 key takeaways from the event, visit YourCloudsCan.com Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with IBM, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Think the subway car on your morning commute is already packed to the brim? Just wait until 2050. That’s when, according to UN statistics, the global urban population will increase by 2.5 billion.  Many cities worldwide are short on resources even now and already wondering how they’ll be able to manage the massive spike in urban dwellers in the years to come. Policy makers must figure out a way to feed and employ billions more people, while making services including healthcare, public transportation, housing, and education safe, accessible, and affordable for an ever-growing group of people in a sustainable way. But more people also means more brain-power. And more brain-power means more imaginative and innovative solutions for creating sustainable cities. Some of the world’s biggest and boldest thinkers are already implementing exciting solutions and challenging the status quo. In just a few short weeks, many of those bold thinkers will be gathered together in one space as part of Allianz’s Explorer Series at MoMA PS1. And guess what? You’re invited.  Under the summer sky at MoMA’s PS1 – an exhibition space committed to showcasing adventurous, experimental art and highlighting new voices – you can join those big thinkers and your fellow community builders for a night of lively conversation and idea shaping. You’ll have the chance to hear speakers focused on topics including urban planning and design, as well as collaborate with entrepreneurs eager to invest in smarter cities.  As a global insurer, Allianz understands that cities face different challenges. That’s why they’re taking their Explorer Series to four cities worldwide and tackling unique issues in each, from climate-friendly futures in Berlin to urban air mobility in Shenzhen.  While the solutions presented have a global appeal, they are also solutions you can act on locally, both immediately and in the years to come. You might walk out of the event with ideas for sustainable urban living you can implement the very next day – a way to make your community garden more accessible, for instance, or the name of an organization that can hook up your building to a renewable energy source. Or, you could leave with an unexpected connection and the seed of an idea that will one day grow into the solution that helps New York City citizens not just survive, but thrive.  Ready for the opportunity to be part of the next generation of bold thinkers dedicated to designing smart, futuristic, and sustainable cities? Get your ticket now and use the code FUTURISM50 for half off tickets. The event will take place on July 11 at MoMA PS1 in Long Island City. Doors will open at 7 p.m. Starting at 7:30, you’ll have the chance to listen to and collaborate with an array of experts, entrepreneurs, and speakers. Stick around until 9 p.m. to enjoy drinks and networking opportunities with fellow innovators and sustainable community builders. For more information, check out the event website.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with Allianz, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The life of a typical cell phone user is full of daily annoyances. Many of those annoyances have to do with social media and the internet, but let’s not forget the stressful random calls and texts from unfamiliar numbers. Scammers and robocallers somehow got a hold of your phone number, and now you have to deal with their calls and texts at all hours of the day or night. Most people treat this as the byproduct of living in our modern, tech-heavy society? But Uncall provides a way to re-secure your phone number and take it off of whatever lists or logs it ended up on so that it is only in the hands of people you want to have it. It's the perfect way to stop robocalls, telemarketers, an unwanted texts once and for all. Uncall works like this: When you sign up for the service, you get a free “rough analysis” that estimates how many generic robocall lists your phone number is currently found on. Then, Uncall handles the removal of your number from both the legitimate “white hat” lists as well as the more sinister corners of the “dark web” that your number might have ended up. The service uses various methods to make sure your number is either removed entirely from these logs, or marked as a “bad conversion,” an industry term for a phone number that is not worth calling with sales pitches or scams. Either way, the end result is the same. Uncall will stop robocalls and scammers from reaching you via your call phone. The first step is to make sure your phone number is compatible with the service. Chances are, it is, because Uncall works with all the major providers in this impressive array of countries: US, UK, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy, and Portugal. You can find a complete list of the covered countries and providers right here. Once you decide to take advantage of Uncall’s services, the only thing left for you to do is pick which pricing structure that is right for you. Luckily, this is pretty simple, as well, since you have only two options to choose from: If you’re looking to protect fewer than five phones, you should go with the standard plan, which is $15 per device (that’s just once, not per month or year). But if you’ve got five or more devices you’re looking to lock down, you can save a significant amount of money with the Enterprise plan, which is priced at just $10 per device and offers all the same features as the standard plan, plus multiple accounts. Even though Uncall is a service you pay for just once, you’ll still get monthly checkups to ensure your phone number remains secure, and you only get calls or texts from people you actually know, or want to know. So to get more information on Uncall, and stop robocallers and scammers once and for all, click right here. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Nootropics have been getting a lot of press recently, but not always for the right reasons. A lot of companies have been putting so-called “smart drugs” in all sorts of supplements and making pretty wild claims about what they can do, prompting both the FDA and the FTC to warn consumers about potential marketing scams and advertising fraud. That said, while you certainly shouldn’t believe everything you read on the Internet, you also shouldn’t let the frauds scare you away, because the science behind nootropics is real. While these substances won’t make you a genius or cure Alzheimer’s, studies show a nootropics supplement can boost cognitive performance, particularly executive functions like focus, memory, willpower, and creativity. You just need to find a company you can trust. And one such company is the California-based Neurohacker Collective, whose Qualia Focus and Qualia Mind are quite possibly the best nootropics supplements available anywhere in the world. To put it simply, nootropics are amino acids, nutrients, minerals, and other compounds that the brain uses as fuel for cognition. Most of the time we get nootropics through our diet. However, the modern Western diet has steered away from most of these obscure plants, roots, seeds, and minerals with some of the most commonly reported brain boosting powers: plants like rhodiola, bacopa, celastrus seed extract, and many more. But a nootropic formulator can’t just take a “kitchen sink” approach. Formulating effective nootropic formulations is an art. Most companies just throw a bunch of these ingredients together and call it a miracle drug, when in reality, it’s a deep understanding of the precise relationship between the dosage of each ingredient that creates a balanced, positive effect. Neurohacker Collective, which boasts a heavily credentialed lineup of established science and medical personnel on their team, pride themselves in pioneering whole systems science formulations. The field of whole system science studies the interrelation between all body systems, rather than spiking activity of one capacity (focus for example) at the expense of another, such as empathy. Neurohacker Collective has used thousands of hours of research and development with pioneering whole systems and complex systems modeling, neurobiology, and organic chemistry to create nootropics supplements specifically designed to fuel neurotransmission, build neurons and synapses, and repair cell walls. Their Qualia supplements comes in two different strengths, but both will help you feel focused, clear-headed, and ready to take on any task. Qualia Focus is what you might call Neurohacker Collective’s introductory nootropic supplement. It’s a fast-acting blend of five nootropic compounds, seven neuro-vitamins, six adaptogen extracts, five amino acids, and one choline donor. These ingredients promote neuron and synapse development, neuroplasticity and neurogenesis, energy, healthy cell structure, and cerebral blood flow. And unlike some supplements, Qualia Focus won’t leave you prone to jitters or sudden crashes. Qualia Mind is based on the same principles and is very similar to Qualia Focus. However, Qualia Mind has a few extra ingredients, increased dosages, and additional nutrient synergies not found in Qualia Focus. It features six nootropic compounds, seven neuro-vitamins, two antioxidants, six adaptogen extracts, five amino acids, and two choline donors. The key additions are PQQ, Phosphatidylserine, DHA, and CDP-Choline, which improve responsiveness to neurotransmitters and the formation of synaptic connections in the neurons used for memory. Thus, Qualia Mind nootropics supplement provides more robust support for attention and focus in stressful or demanding situations. So which supplement should you take? Ultimately it depends on your specific needs. Qualia Focus is lower impact but more affordable. Qualia Mind is a more comprehensive supplement but also more expensive. Whichever way you decide to go, the best thing about Neurohacker Collective is their commitment to quality and transparency. Want a full breakdown of every single ingredient and what it does? Click here. Want to figure out exactly how well Qualia is working for you? Your first purchase comes with free before-and-after cognitive assessments from Cambridge Brain Sciences, whose assessments have been cited in over 300 academic publications. If you are not completely satisfied with your results, Neurohacker Collective offers a 100-day money back guarantee. But the chances you will need to use that money back guarantee are very slim. According to initial results from a pilot study conducted by Cambridge Brain Sciences, most Qualia Mind users experienced an 85.4 percent increase in their ability to concentrate and avoid distractions, a 37.7 percent increase in planning skills, a 16.9 percent increase in verbal reasoning, and a 13.3 percent increase in short-term memory. So if you’re looking for a nootropics supplement that works, Click here to read more about Qualia Focus and Qualia Mind. And don't forget to use coupon code FUTURISM at check out for an addition 15% off. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.  Share This Article 
The qubits – the basic units of quantum communication – central to quantum computers are incredibly fragile, prone to switching between states at the slightest disruption. This has made error correction a major focus of quantum computer developers — they need to find a way to keep the systems functioning even if an individual qubit is corrupted. Not only that, but they have to do so without actually measuring the qubits, since that would destroy their ability to exist in multiple states at once. No easy task. But now, a team of U.S. physicists has used the "supermaterial" graphene to uncover several entirely new quantum states — and they think the discovery could lead to quantum computers that don't need error correction at all. Graphene is a material comprising a single layer of carbon atoms arranged in a hexagonal lattice. Researchers first isolated it from graphite, the mineral found in most pencils, in 2004, and ever since, they've been wowed by graphene's remarkable properties — despite being so thin and light, it's incredibly strong and a remarkable conductor of both heat and electricity. For their study, which was published in the journal Nature Physics on Monday, researchers from Brown and Columbia Universities stacked two layers of graphene on top of one another, separating them with a layer of another two-dimensional material — hexagonal boron nitride — which they also wrapped around the entire graphene sandwich. When they then blasted the structure with incredibly strong magnetic fields, they found it produced never-before-seen quantum states. The discovery of these new quantum states is a remarkable achievement in and of itself — as researcher Jia Li, an assistant professor of physics at Brown, noted in a press release, "The findings show that stacking 2D materials together in close proximity generates entirely new physics." However, the specific states themselves are also remarkable, particularly in terms of the role they could play in the development of quantum computers. "Of particular interest are several new states that have the potential of hosting non-Abelian wave functions — states that don’t quite fit the traditional composite fermion model," Jim Hone, a professor of mechanical engineering at Columbia, said in the press release. Electrons in non-Abelian states are able to "remember" their past positions in relation to one another, according to the press release, and that ability could lead to the creation of quantum computers that don't need error correction at all — eliminating one of the major hurdles between us and these incredibly powerful devices. READ MORE: Research Reveals Exotic Quantum States in Double-Layer Graphene [Columbia University] More on graphene: Graphene Could Be the Superconductor Scientists Always Dreamed Of Share This Article 
Axon, the biggest supplier of police body cameras and software in the U.S. just called it quits on using artificial intelligence-powered facial recognition systems for its devices, The New York Times reports. "Face recognition technology is not currently reliable enough to ethically justify its use," the company’s independent ethics board concluded in a review. Formerly called Taser, Axon specifically supplies police agencies with a lineup of body cameras, non-lethal weapons, and even law enforcement drones. This decision is yet another sign that facial recognition technology might not be ready for prime time yet — especially in light of some inherent biases of the technology. "At the least, face recognition technology should not be deployed until the technology performs with far greater accuracy and performs equally well across races, ethnicities, genders, and other identity groups," reads the ethics board's review. "Whether face recognition on body-worn cameras can ever be ethically justifiable is an issue the Board has begun to discuss, and will take up again if and when these prerequisites are met." The news comes after San Francisco became the first city in the U.S. to ban the use of facial recognition software by police and other municipal agencies back in May. Even Microsoft turned down a request from law enforcement to use its facial recognition tech. "If we move too fast with facial recognition, we may find that people’s fundamental rights are being broken." wrote the company's president Brad Smith in a public letter back in July 2018. Regardless of the backlash, the concept is catching on even outside the U.S. Police officers in Zhengzhou, China were spotted wearing sunglasses equipped with facial recognition software early last year. It took just seven minutes for China's nationwide CCTV camera network to identify a BBC reporter in 2017. At the root of the controversy surrounding the use of facial recognition in law enforcement is the fact that the systems — at least in their current state — have had a lot of trouble with distinguishing between people of different ethnicities or genders. The technology "does not perform as well on people of color compared to whites, on women compared to men, or young people compared to older people," concluded Axon's ethics board. And there's plenty of evidence to back that claim up. Retail giant Amazon's so-called Rekognition system, software that is used by police and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), has drawn plenty of criticism in the past. MIT researchers found that Rekogntion had a lot more trouble identifying an individual's gender if they were female or dark-skinned. The same piece of software even falsely matched 28 members of Congress to mugshots from a publicly available database, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) found in an experiment last year. While Axon has yet to deploy any facial recognition software in its body cameras, it's taking a pass for now. "Consistent with the board's recommendation, Axon will not be commercializing face matching products on our body cameras at this time," reads Axon's press release. But that doesn't mean the company's willing to give up on the technology altogether. By working "in tandem with leading independent researchers to de-bias training data and algorithms," Axon could still eventually bring the technology to its lineup of cameras. READ MORE: A Major Police Body Cam Company Just Banned Facial Recognition [The New York Times] More on facial recognition: Police Catch Woody Harrelson Look-Alike Using Facial Recognition Share This Article 
At what point does a shout indicate anger, does a scream indicate fear of danger? And can the fine line between them be pinpointed by a microphone on the ceiling? ProPublica published a report that sought to answer these questions — and discovered that the current "aggression detectors" on the market are not very effective at determining anger in voices. Developed by Sound Intelligence, the monitors are fixed in public spaces like hallways and cafeterias, listening for shouts or tension — and for an extra added price, they'll listen for gunshots, car alarms, and even recognize if "students are vaping in the school bathroom." As mass shootings continue to target schools, churches, hospitals, and other public places worldwide, surveillance tech companies are developing AI-packed microphones that can listen in on us and point out an angry student or snubbed employee before the worst occurs. ProPublica visited the Frank Sinatra School of the Arts in Queens and enlisted students' help with testing the monitoring system's effectiveness and the results were... not encouraging. One student let out a glass-shattering scream in a silent library, which didn't set off the detector, but a sick student coughing through a chest cold did. During another test, when the students cheered on a pizza delivery or were playing a calm game of Pictionary, the detector went haywire with warnings. The machine learning algorithm within the device picks up on high-pitched, strained noises but doesn't analyze the words or meaning of what the person is saying. When it detects aggression, a message will pop up declaring "StressedVoice detected." A spokesman for California-based Louroe Electronics, which develops surveillance microphones, told ProPublica that the devices wouldn't be intruding on student privacy since it only focuses on "sound patterns deemed aggressive," and yet, the microphones on the monitors record everything, allowing school administrators to "replay those snippets of conversation indefinitely."   The detection software is meant to enable security officers to “engage antagonistic individuals immediately, resolving the conflict before it turns into physical violence.” But if the monitor misfires and picks up a student in distress, or a hospital crying out in pain, the officers will be overloaded with false positives. According to ProPublica, there is a massive market for surveillance products in schools, with one projection showing a $2.7 billion market for "education security products" — and last year, U.S. congress approved more than $25 million to go toward school security improvements. Wendy Shirey, principal of Pinecrest Academy Horizon — a charter school in Henderson, Nevada, spoke with ProPublica about the two detectors installed in her school (upgraded with the gunshot-detection add on). Shirley also wears a panic button around her neck that can call the police from one click. "It’s always after an event that something happens before we talk about solutions," Shirey said. "But why not get in front of it? We have to adapt to the world as it is." READ MORE: The Unproven, Invasive Surveillance Technology Schools Are Using to Monitor Students [ProPublica] Read more on surveillance in schools: State Attempts to Nix Public School’s Facial Recognition Plans Share This Article 
The world's first cryptocurrency ATM opened for business in a Canadian coffee shop on October 29, 2013, and by the end of the day, 81 people had visited the novel machine to trade their cash for bitcoin or vice versa. This month, the number of crypto ATMs worldwide passed the 5,000 mark, according to data from CoinATMRadar, which begs the question: Who the hell is actually using these things? Based on CoinATMRadar's data, the most basic answer to that question is "Americans." Roughly 80 nations now boast at least one crypto ATM, but with 3,177 machines, the U.S. is home to the vast majority. In fact, it has nearly three times as many crypto ATMs as the next three countries — Canada (680), Austria (263), and the United Kingdom (245) — combined. The reason people visit these ATMs varies by nation, and that also yields insights into their user demographics "In the U.S., our clients predominantly use our machines to buy bitcoin," Matias Goldenhörn, director of Latin America operations for ATM operator Athena Bitcoin, told CoinDesk in January. “In Colombia for example, it’s the other way around, people use the ATM to withdraw cash." So, based on all that, it appears the people most likely to use crypto ATMs are Americans with at least enough money to invest some of it in crypto. But the machines have also drawn another user demographic: scam victims. In November, Kath Anderson, assistant commissioner at the Australian Taxation Office (ATO), warned Australians that scammers had been using "aggressive tactics" to convince people they owed a tax debt. Their favorite means of receiving payment? Crypto ATMs. And that's just one of the ways scammers are using the machines. As pointed out in an Athena Bitcoin blog post, bad actors are also impersonating the Social Security Administration and various utilities companies and then demanding debt payment via crypto ATM. "Scammers using Bitcoin will often 'helpfully' point out nearby ATMs from which you can send them money," Athena wrote, noting that these scammers "like Bitcoin because transactions cannot be cancelled, reversed, or otherwise refunded once broadcast." READ MORE: There Are Now More Than 5,000 Bitcoin ATMs Around the World [CoinTelegraph] More on crypto scams: Researchers Inadvertently Discover Crypto Scam Involving 15,000 Twitter Bots Share This Article 
Space: Many of us are fascinated by it, but few of us will likely ever get to visit for ourselves. The budding space tourism industry notwithstanding, those of us who've been bitten by the space bug but don't quite have the constitution for astronaut training are fairly limited in our options. But for a limited time, you can get a NASA AR Space Mug & Notebook Bundle from Astro Reality that lets you explore our solar system through augmented reality First up, there's the Astro Reality NASA AR Notebook. On the outside, its classic "worm"-style NASA logo and nifty white plastic covering makes it look like something astronauts would use to jot down private thoughts while in the cold, unforgiving vacuum of space. This notebook can and should be used in the traditional pen-to-paper manner, but it's also loaded with augmented reality features that can be accessed through Astro Reality's own AR app – you just scan the cover of the notebook and you're ready for blast-off. Using your smartphone, you'll be able to discover an interactive, three-dimensional replica of the solar system we call home, as well as an interactive guide to NASA's illustrious 50-year history. It's an immersive, educational AR experience that's perfect for anyone with an interest in space. The NASA AR Notebook delivers the goods in the paper department as well, with high-quality acid-free pages and practical, premium binding that allows the notebook to spread out to a full 180 degrees on a flat surface. This is a notebook that was designed to be used, not just sit on a shelf. And it's built to last -- it's spaceproof (or at least waterproof), and should be able to handle whatever hazards it's likely to encounter here on Earth. The second piece of the bundle is the NASA AR Space Mug. It comes in a spacey plastic canister, but once opened, the unusually shaped mug reveals itself. That unusual shape serves a purpose, since this mug is also AR-enhanced. When you direct the AR app to the top of the mug, you'll see it transformed into an almost supernatural portal to the Earth as it looks from on board the International Space Station. Bored with the view? That's no problem, because the AR experience is completely interactive and customizable, allowing you to see the Earth from almost any orbital position you can think of. It isn't easy to describe in a way that does it justice, so just watch the video below to get an idea of how the cup works: Pretty cool, right? And you can even drink out of it! The bundle comes in its own special protective case, and deliveries to the contiguous United States are slated to begin in early July. So order your NASA AR Space Mug & Notebook today, and get an astronauts view of the planet and beyond. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
At a Facebook content moderation facility in Tampa, Florida, contractors working for Cognizant are regularly subjected to traumatizing, unsanitary, and dangerous conditions — that in at least one case literally led to a death. The contractors, who review as many as 200 flagged Facebook posts per day depicting animal abuse, sexual abuse, murder, and other horrifying acts, are subjected to hellish work conditions. That's according to an investigation by The Verge's Casey Newton that reveals how tens of thousands of people spend their days exposed to the very worst that the internet has to offer. One such contractor had a heart attack at his desk, later dying in a hospital — in part, perhaps, because Cognizant doesn't provide on-site defibrillators. The next day, management refused to tell the deceased contractor's coworkers what happened, instead insisting that he would be fine while passing around a get-well card. Other employees broke their non-disclosure agreements to share how they had to work at filthy desks when they were violently sick because taking the day off would mean getting fired. Even more talked about how HR ignored or laughed-off reports of sexual harassment and violent threats. "I think Facebook needs to shut down," one moderator told Newton. Ultimately, Newton concludes that massive platforms like Facebook and Google treat their armies of content moderators as disposable because they believe that artificial intelligence will someday be able to do the job for them. Newton writes that the human moderators, many of whom walk away with PTSD, depression, and anxiety, are "viewed as a speed bump on the way to an AI-powered future." READ MORE: BODIES IN SEATS [The Verge] More on Facebook: Facebook Mods Are so Traumatized They’re Getting High at Work Share This Article 
If someone walked up to you and asked how technology makes your life better, you could probably rattle off at least a dozen examples in under a minute, citing everything from mobile coffee apps and on-demand streaming to smart home systems and tele-health services. But what if someone asked you how technology makes you money? Would you have an answer? If not, it’s probably time to familiarize yourself with the latest developments in fintech, and in particular with peer-to-peer Real Estate investing platforms such as PeerStreet. Fintech, or financial technology, is exactly what it sounds like: technological innovations that are either applied to or specifically developed for the financial services sector. In recent years, advancements in fintech have started to disrupt the industry by making investing smarter and more efficient, as well as by bringing in new types of investors. The best example of this is peer-to-peer investing, which is basically crowdfunding loans. In the past, only large financial institutions had the resources to offer real estate loans. That meant only large financial institutions had access to highly profitable investments in real estate debt. But that’s no longer the case thanks to crowdfunding technology. Today, peer-to-peer platforms can connect borrowers with thousands of private lenders, creating an entirely new asset class. And right now the hottest name in peer-to-peer real estate lending is PeerStreet. Founded in 2013 with the backing by several influential venture capital firms, PeerStreet has built an award-winning peer-to-peer investing platform that is democratizing real estate debt investments, offering individuals the kinds of high-yield, short-term, real estate loan investments that were previously only available to big financial institutions. PeerStreet is a high-tech online marketplace that funds mortgages the way Kickstarter or Indiegogo fund gadgets, books, films, and other projects. They break standard loans up into small pieces so private investors can become microlenders with as little as $1,000. And the entire process is guided by cutting-edge data analytics. PeerStreet sources real estate debt from established private lenders all across the United States. They review each lender’s track record, then run the loans through their own proprietary analytics engine. Using advanced algorithms and data science, the company is able to curate a continually growing pool of safe, high-quality real estate debt investments, connecting investors with borrowers in a way never before possible. Investors get to earn 10 percent or more on their investments. Borrowers get the money they need to buy a house or run a business. But PeerStreet’s technological innovation doesn’t stop at crowdfunding mortgages. They also employ cutting-edge Automated Investing technology that takes the guesswork out of building an investment portfolio. All PeerStreet investors have to do is select their investment criteria, such as interest rate or loan term, and determine how much money they want to invest per loan. They will then be notified when loans that meet your criteria become available, and 24 hours later their money will be automatically invested. Unfortunately, because the crowdfunding marketplace is so new, SEC regulations only allow PeerStreet to offer its services to accredited investors. Accredited investors are defined as individuals with a net worth greater than $1 million or an annual income greater than $200,000. However, the SEC is likely to ease up on the requirements as peer-to-peer lending becomes more established. So if you don’t meet the criteria for an accredited investor right now, don’t lose hope. If you do meet the criteria, what on earth are you waiting for? Start using technology to make money today at PeerStreet. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When many of today's parents were growing up, there was no "fake news" to watch out for online. In fact, for some, there was no online. But just like Bane was born into and molded by the darkness, today's kids are being born into and molded by a digital world — and Google wants to make sure they're ready for it. To that end, the tech giant launched the Be Internet Awesome program in 2017 to teach kids how to make the most of the internet while staying safe online — and now, that includes learning how to tell if something is "fake news." On Monday, Google added six new media literacy activities to the Be Internet Awesome curriculum, which it developed in collaboration with Anne Collier, executive director of The Net Safety Collaborative, and Faith Rogow, co-author of "The Teacher’s Guide to Media Literacy" and a co-founder of the National Association for Media Literacy Education. In addition to teaching kids how to determine whether or not a source is credible while surfing the net, these activities also train them to identify and respond to a host of other online deceptions, ranging from phishing attempts to bots posing as humans. "Kids today need a guide to the internet and media just as they need instruction on other topics," educator Amy Mascott wrote in a Google blog post. "We need help teaching them about credible sources, the power of words and images and more importantly, how to be smart and savvy when seeing different media while browsing the web." The term "fake news" may be relatively new, but people have been purposefully spreading false information disguised as fact for millennia. The internet and artificial intelligence just made these lies far easier to create and spread and much harder to combat. Now, "fake news" is everywhere, both in terms of actual misinformation and in the use of the phrase as a label for real news one wants to discredit — that means anything labeled "news" on the internet today might actually be fake, and anything labeled "fake news" might actually be news. Many adults still have trouble grasping that concept, but if Google's media literacy curriculum can ensure that the adults of tomorrow understand it, there's a chance the people who would use the internet to spread their lies might eventually find it's no longer the effective medium it once was. In other words, the death of fake news might just be the birth of a generation that's immune to it. READ MORE: Google’s new media literacy program teaches kids how to spot disinformation and fake news [TechCrunch] More on bots: This Site Detects Whether Text Was Written by a Bot Share This Article 
Dinosaur bones are always the main attraction at natural history museums, and it’s not hard to understand why. Even if most of them did have feathers, dinosaurs are still awesome. Massive, ferocious, and millions of years old, they inspire more childlike wonder than any other creatures in the history of the planet. And now you can actually own your very own spinosaurus tooth because of the dinosaur fossils for sale at Mini Museum. Mimi Museum was the lifelong dream of entrepreneur and self-described adventurer Hans Fex. It was officially founded back in 2014 when Fex launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise money for a collection of expertly curated miniature artifacts and specimens “from earth and beyond.” Since then, Mini Museum has released three more editions, which include things like space gems, moon dust, ancient Egyptian mummy beads, Viking axes, pieces of the space shuttle, water from the Amazon river, and dinosaur bone fragments, among other things. However, in an effort to cater to collectors with very specific interests, Mini Museum also now sells individual specimens. And one of the most incredible things you can buy from Mini Museum’s fossil and geology collection is a tooth from a Spinosaurus, one of the biggest and most terrifying carnivores in the fossil record. Topping out at a whopping 59 feet long, with a long narrow crocodile-like skull and a distinctive fan-like spine, the semi-aquatic Spinosaurus is one of the most interesting dinosaurs that ever existed. And because of the dinosaur fossils for sale at Mini Museum, you can actually own a tooth from one of these unique animals that lived between 93 and 112 million years ago. As you would expect, the Spinosaurus teeth Mini Museum has collected are not uniform in size. For that reason the specimens are categorized as small, medium, and large. The large specimens measure 2.25 inches or greater and sell for just $89 (although smaller sizes are available). Regardless of size, every specimen is a complete crown and partial root, and comes in a glass-topped riker box measuring 3.5 inches by 4.5 inches. Of course, while a Spinosaurus tooth would make an amazing addition to anybody’s personal artifact collection, there’s always Mini Museum’s flagship collection if you find yourself wanting more.  The Mini Museum Fourth Edition is a collection of 29 rare miniature specimens and artifacts spanning billions of years, all encased in a clear acrylic block just five inches tall, four inches wide, and one inch thick. While there is no Spinosaurus bone in this particular collection, there is a fragment of a raptor bone, a piece of a Plesiosaur paddle, a chunk of Sarcosuchus armor, and a piece of a saber-tooth tiger bone. There are also extraterrestrial amino acids that date back to the origins of our solar system; igneous rock produced from the cataclysmic volcanic eruptions that caused the greatest extinction event in earth’s history; a piece of tile from an Ancient Roman bath house; a fragment of the original Hollywood sign salvaged in 1878; and a piece of a punching bag once used by Muhammad Ali. Each and every Mini Museum is handmade and individually numbered with laser etching. They come with a certificate of authenticity, a detailed hard-cover specimen guide, a microfiber pouch, and display and storage box. Whether you’re looking for an inspirational one-of-a-kind gift, or you’re simply a history buff looking to add something truly unique to your collection, the Mini Museum Fourth Edition will not disappoint. And if you are looking for dinosaur fossils for sale, the Mini Museum also has you covered. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When reports emerged in early February that cryptocurrency exchange QuadrigaCX's CEO Gerald Cotten had died, the rumor mill immediately started spinning. Did Cotten fake his own death to run away with some $190 million? While his death was later confirmed and the exchange filed for bankruptcy in January, there's some truth to the wild speculation that followed Cotten's death: he took the money after all. A jaw-dropping 70-page report by Canadian bankruptcy monitor Ernst & Young reveals that Cotten got away with some $200 million worth of crypto from QuadrigaCX's clients. He appeared to have siphoned the money into fraudulent accounts for his and his wife's personal use, as The Wall Street Journal points out. And they took advantage of their newfound riches. According to the report, the Cottens "acquired significant assets including real and personal property" in the last few years, "either personally or through corporations controlled by them." Cotten and his wife even "frequently traveled to multiple vacation destinations often making use of private jet services." The report's executive summary notes that "significant volumes of Cryptocurrency were transferred off Platform outside Quadriga to competitor exchanges into personal accounts controlled by Mr. Cotten." "Substantial amounts of Cryptocurrency" ended up in mysterious accounts, as well as the personal accounts of Cotten "and other related parties." To make matters worse, the monitor did not find any of QuadrigaCX's financial records for the past several years, writing that "Quadriga appears not to have maintained a general ledger or traditional accounting records since at least 2016." Cotten also did not record any company income on his tax returns, according to the report. It's a damning report, to say the least. Evan Thomas, Canadian litigator, told CoinDesk that “based on the report, what [Cotten] did was clearly fraudulent and betrayed the trust of Quadriga users." And this mysterious situation is far from solved — so far, only $21.2 million in assets have shown up out of the $190 million that disappeared. READ MORE: Quadriga Founder Spent Client Money, Bankruptcy Monitor Says [The Wall Street Journal] More on QuadrigaCX: Did a Crypto CEO Fake His Own Death to Abscond With $190 Million? Share This Article 
The Trump Administration hid at least 45 research studies from the Department of Agriculture (USDA) into the impacts of climate change, according to a POLITICO investigation. The studies include findings that the increasing carbonization of the atmosphere is making certain foods less nutritious for people and animals. Others highlight conservation practices that farmers could use to preserve their lands, according to POLITICO. The investigation shows that the USDA published only four climate releases during the Trump administration, the same amount it published in 2015 alone – prioritizing political strategy over scientific reality. POLITICO highlighted a number of the studies, each of which was peer-reviewed and otherwise substantiated its claims. One found that climate change is worsening allergy season, for example. In one international project, scientists found that climate change has caused rice crops to lose many of the proteins, minerals, and vitamins that some 600 million people rely on as a staple of their diet. And yet in May of last year, POLITICO reports the USDA blocked the publication of a press release on the research and insisted that the collaborating scientists also not release their findings to the world. "I’m disappointed," Irakli Loladze, a University of Washington biologist who worked on the rice study, told Politico. "I do not even work at the USDA, but a potential call from the government agency was enough of a threat for my school to skip participating in the press-package arranged by the journal. Instead, our college issued a local and abbreviated release." Most baffling is the fact that the studies don't reflect poorly on the USDA, nor do they discuss the causes of global climate change. They only cover the impacts. "Why the hell is the U.S., which is ostensibly the leader in science research, ignoring this?" an anonymous USDA scientist said to POLITICO. "It's not like we’re working on something that’s esoteric … we're working on something that has dire consequences for the entire planet. You can only postpone reality for so long." READ MORE: Agriculture Department buries studies showing dangers of climate change [Politico] More on climate change: Climate Change Is Eliminating Clouds. Without Them, Earth Burns Share This Article 
Drivers just can't seem to grasp that Teslas aren't capable of driving themselves. One after another, they keep enabling Autopilot and then falling asleep — or passing out — behind the wheel, seemingly confident that the car will get them where they need to go in one piece. But it seems drivers aren't solely to blame for this incredibly stupid trend. On Thursday, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety published a study focused on automated driving systems, including Tesla's Autopilot — and based on the research, which specifically called out Tesla, carmakers are at least partly responsible for the disconnect between what drivers think these systems can do and what they can actually do. Through a survey of more than 2,000 drivers, the IIHS found that the names carmakers give automated driving systems are causing confusion about the systems' abilities. "Despite the limitations of today's systems, some of their names seem to overpromise when it comes to the degree to which the driver can shift their attention away from the road," the IIHS wrote, noting that its survey found that "one name in particular — Autopilot — signals to drivers that they can turn their thoughts and their eyes elsewhere." In fact, 48 percent of respondents said they thought they could safely take their hands off the wheel with a system called "Autopilot" engaged, while the four other systems in the IIHS survey — Traffic Jam Assist, Super Cruise, Driving Assistant Plus, and ProPilot Assist — averaged just 27 percent. Meanwhile, twice as many respondents — a full 6 percent — thought it would be okay to take a nap with a system called "Autopilot" engaged compared to the other systems, which just 3 percent interpreted in the same way. Even the most advanced of today's automated driving systems are only capable of Level 2 autonomy, meaning we still have a long road ahead before drivers can rely on their cars to drive themselves. If we want to be able to safely take advantage of the tech as it currently stands, we clearly need to find some way to better educate the driving public as to the abilities and limitations of current self-driving systems — and based on the results of this study, a good place to start might be regulating what carmakers can and cannot call them. READ MORE: New studies highlight driver confusion about automated systems [The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety] More on Autopilot: Tesla Crash Shows Drivers Are Confused by "Autonomous" vs. "Autopilot" Share This Article 
Were two mysterious white objects that were spotted in the sky over Kansas City, Missouri last night evidence of otherworldly intelligence? Nope — instead they turned out to be evidence of a strange research project the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency's (DARPA), Gizmodo reports, which is working on balloons that can intelligently use wind currents to steer as they stay aloft almost indefinitely. The Adaptable Lighter Than Air balloon project is working to extend the range of wind-borne navigation systems. The balloons fly at more than 75,000 feet and can take advantage of wind movement, using a sensor that provides "real time time stratospheric wind measurements." Local Kansas City news reported of unusual floating objects on Thursday night, and the government expressed confusion as well. "We honestly have no explanation for the floating objects over Kansas City," tweeted The National Weather Service in Kansas City. While DARPA hasn't independently confirmed that it was their balloons, a source with knowledge of the program confirmed to Gizmodo they belonged to the agency. And before you ask, the balloons weren't part of Google's Project Loon either. "While Loon does routinely fly balloons over the [U.S.] from our launch site in Nevada, we do not currently have balloons in the area where the sightings have been reported," Project Loon’s Scott Coriell told Gizmodo by email. The news comes after the U.S. government is officially starting to take reports of "unidentified aerial phenomenon" more and more seriously. Just yesterday, three U.S. senators received a classified briefing on UFO sightings according to Politico. READ MORE: Those UFOs Spotted Over Kansas City Last Night Were Darpa Test Balloons [Gizmodo] More on UFOs: US Senators Receive Classified Info on UFO Sightings Share This Article 
If you want to control a robot with your mind — and really, who doesn't? — you currently have two options. You can get a brain implant, in which case your control over the robot will be smooth and continuous. Or you can skip the risky, expensive surgery in favor of a device that senses your brainwaves from outside your skull — but your control over the bot will be jerky and not nearly as precise. Now, a team from Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) is narrowing the gap between those two options, creating the first noninvasive mind-controlled robot arm that exhibits the kind of smooth, continuous motion previously reserved only for systems involving brain implants — putting us one step closer to a future in which we can all use our minds to control the tech around us. In a paper published on Wednesday in the journal Science Robotics, the researchers describe how they used a combination of sensing and machine learning techniques to create a brain-computer interface (BCI) that could reach signals deep within the brains of participants wearing EEG headcaps. To test their system, they asked the participants to use it to direct a robotic arm to point at a cursor as it moved around a computer screen. The robotic arm was able to continuously track the cursor in real-time with no jerky movements — an exciting first for a noninvasive BCI system. While much of the focus on mind-controlled robots centers on people with movement disorders or paralysis, CMU researcher Bin He envisions a future in which the tech is ubiquitous, benefiting the population as a whole. "Despite technical challenges using noninvasive signals, we are fully committed to bringing this safe and economic technology to people who can benefit from it," He said in a press release. "This work represents an important step in noninvasive brain-computer interfaces, a technology which someday may become a pervasive assistive technology aiding everyone, like smartphones." READ MORE: First-ever noninvasive mind-controlled robotic arm [Carnegie Mellon University] More on mind control: Military Pilots Can Control Three Jets at Once via a Neural Implant Share This Article 
SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk hinted at what could be the announcement of a brain-machine interface that could one day hook human brains up to computers on Sunday. In response to a question asking for an update on Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup he founded in 2016, Musk replied that new information would be "coming soon". A "direct cortical interface," according to Musk, could allow humans to reach higher levels of cognition —and give humans a better shot at competing with artificial intelligence, the Wall Street Journal reported in 2017. It's unclear, though, whether Neuralink's main objective is to do just that or to connect human brains to computers for consumer applications. Musk has repeatedly warned of evil AI overlords in the past, saying that AI could become "an immortal dictator from which we could never escape" in a 2018 documentary called "Do You Trust This Computer?" Most of what Neuralink is working on, including any plans for a brain computer interface, are still tightly under wraps. In one tantalizing clue, Bloomberg recently reported on a still unpublished academic paper by five authors who have been employed by or associated with Neuralink — though it's unclear whether Musk's tweet referred to their work. The paper describes a "sewing machine" for the brain in the form of a needle-like device that is inserted into a rat's skull to implant a bendable polymer electrode in the brain that would read the brain's electrical signals. Of course, human trials are still a long time out. Neuralink has yet to comment on any possible timelines or announcements. READ MORE: Elon Musk says machine to connect human brain to computers is 'coming soon' [The Independent] More on Neuralink: Elon Musk Just Launched A Company To Merge Your Brain With A Computer Share This Article 
In January 2018, Elon Musk's The Boring Company announced a new product: propane-fueled $500 flamethrowers. Within four days, it had preorders for all 20,000 of the accidents-waiting-to-happen, and by June 2018, the company was already making deliveries. This whole stunt prompted the New York State Senate to pass a bill banning the recreational use of flamethrowers. It'll now go on to the state assembly — but the glacial pace of the U.S. legislative process may make the bill a case of too little, too late. Under Senate Bill S1637, anyone caught using a flamethrower recreationally in New York would be charged with criminal possession of a weapon in the fourth degree, a class E felony. "Considering flamethrowers to be toys for recreational use is a bit of a head-scratcher," Senator John Brooks, the bill's sponsor, said in a statement. "This bill will protect kids, families, and neighbors from irresponsible and dangerous ‘play.’ Weapons of war do not belong in our backyards." That might be the case, but Brooks introduced the bill in January 2019, nearly a year after the announcement of the flamethrowers and long after the first deliveries. It then took the New York State Senate nearly five months to pass the bill, and it still has to pass a vote in the state assembly. That's giving flamethrower owners plenty of time to use the devices in incredibly dumb, dangerous ways — a prime example of how the speed at which the American government can actually create new laws can't always keep up with the need for them. READ MORE: Citing Elon Musk, New York state Legislature aims to pass flamethrower ban [The Washington Examiner] More on flamethrowers: Elon Musk’s Flamethrowers are Here, And, Yes, People Are Already Using Them in Dumb Ways Share This Article 
NASA's upcoming uncrewed mission around the Moon, Artemis-1, may be delayed even more than the space agency has reported. On top of that, NASA has been giving Boeing millions despite ongoing production issues with the mission's rocket. That's according to a new report published by a congressional watchdog agency called the Government Accountability Office (GAO), first reported by Ars Technica. Per the report, NASA downplayed the extent to which the project will exceed its budget — when NASA reduced the scope of the mission, it didn't cut back on its original budget as well. The space agency can claim to be less drastically over-budget if its original projections remain inflated. After the GAO calculated a new baseline based on the actual, reduced scope of this particular mission, it found that NASA would end up spending an additional $800 million over its expected final cost. And that's on top of the $1 billion cost growth that NASA already acknowledged, according to the report. But NASA associate administrator William Gerstenmaier pushed back on the numbers. Ars reviewed a letter he sent to the GAO in which he argued that the "GAO report repeatedly projects the worst-case schedule outcome." This new report found a number of avoidable issues and that may have contributed to NASA's delays and rising costs. In particular, the GAO found that NASA awarded Boeing $271 million between July 2014 and September 2018, consistently rating the contractor's work on the rocket things like "very good" and "excellent," Ars notes. Meanwhile, Boeing hired fewer than half of the technicians necessary to complete the rocket on time, according to the report, suggesting that NASA had been rewarding its performance on a contract that never could have been delivered on schedule. READ MORE: New report finds NASA awarded Boeing large fees despite SLS launch slips [Ars Technica] More on NASA: Congress: NASA is hideously over budget, plagued by delays Share This Article 
In the hunt for alien life, scientists often focus on the "Goldilocks zone," the region around a star where the temperature would be just right for liquid water to exist on an orbiting planet's surface. But now, a team from Harvard University is suggesting there's another kind of Goldilocks zone we should consider in our hunt for alien life — and instead of having a star at its center, it has a supermassive black hole. Supermassive black holes are surrounded by swirling disks of gas and dust called active galactic nuclei (AGN). These disks emit incredible amounts of radiation and light, and many researchers assume this radiation would destroy the atmospheres of any nearby planets, creating a "dead zone" around the black hole. But now, the researchers behind this new Harvard study, which was published in the Astrophysical Journal, are challenging that assumption. "People have mostly been talking about the detrimental effects [of black holes]," researcher Manasvi Lingam told Live Science. "We wanted to reexamine how detrimental [the radiation] is... and ask ourselves if there were any positives." To do that, the researchers created computer models of AGNs. Using them, they were able to identify "galactic Goldilocks zones" surrounding black holes. If positioned within this region, they write in their study, a planet's atmosphere would remain intact, while the AGN's radiation could break its molecules into life-supporting compounds. The light from the AGN, meanwhile, could facilitate photosynthesis. The team also revisited the assumed negative effects of AGN radiation on a nearby planet and concluded that they've been greatly exaggerated. While previous studies suggested that the damaging effects of a black hole the size of the Milky Way's Sagittarius A* would strip away the atmosphere of any Earth-like planet within 3,200 light-years, they think the damage would end at a distance of just 100 light-years. "Looking at what we know about Earth, it does suggest that maybe the positive effects seem to be extended over a larger region than the negative effects," Lingam told Live Science. "That was definitely surprising." READ MORE: Voracious Black Holes Could Feed Alien Life on Rogue Worlds [Live Science] More on black holes: Here’s What’s Keeping the Milky Way’s Giant Black Hole at Bay Share This Article 
Facebook has officially announced details of its cryptocurrency, which it's calling Libra. The idea, like with pretty much every other cryptocurrency ever, is that it can be used to buy and sell products or services without having to rely on a credit card or bank account. It's a huge step for blockchain visibility — not for any technological reason, but because Facebook is by far the biggest online network of people in the world, which means it can strongarm them into jumping on board. At least, that is, if it has any user trust left after a spate of privacy violations, leaks, and election meddling scandals. To buy or sell Libra, you'll have to go to a local exchange point, like a participating nearby store, third party resellers or via Calibra, the partnering app that will take care of Libra transactions. Facebook wants to "enable a simple global currency and financial infrastructure that empowers billions of people," according to its white paper. Facebook aims for Libra to be a "stable digital cryptocurrency," backed by a reserve of real assets including bank deposits and securities to ensure that Libra's value won't fluctuate wildly like Bitcoin. Facebook is also throwing its weight around with corporate partners including Uber, Spotify, PayPal, Visa, and Mastercard — each of which are investing $10 million, and which could offer a powerful network of entities that could actually accept the new currency. Even big investment banks are excited about the prospect of an international digital currency. "We believe this may prove to be one of the most important initiatives in the history of the company to unlock new engagement and revenue streams," analysts from Canadian bank RBC Mark Mahaney and Zachary Schwartzman told investors, according to CNBC. But before the Libra becomes a currency used by billions internationally, two things need to happen: people need to have enough trust left in Facebook to literally hand them money, and they need to know what the hell it is to care about it in the first place. For instance, they might understandably think the Libra is tied to Facebook's massive paid advertisement network — which it isn't. Kevin Weil, the head of product for Calibra, said it might "take time to build trust," as quoted by Vox. "There will be people that don’t believe we feel strongly about that." And then there's the looming threat of a government crackdown. While cryptocurrency regulation isn't likely to stop the technology in the U.S. any time soon, that doesn't mean other governments around the world will invite Facebook's new cryptocurrency initiative with open arms. In fact, the EU has already voiced its unhappiness with Facebook's plans. "It is out of question’" that Libra "become a sovereign currency," French Finance Minister Bruno LeMaire said in an interview on Europe 1 radio, according to Bloomberg. "It can’t and it must not happen." Facebook's announcement also comes after both Democrats and the Trump administration expressed interest in breaking up Big Tech, including Facebook. READ MORE: Facebook announces Libra cryptocurrency: All you need to know [TechCrunch] More on crypto: New Law in India Would Imprison Anyone Who Uses Cryptocurrency Share This Article 
Everybody wants their brain to work better. Coffee may be delicious, but that's not the main reason 60 percent of Americans drink it every single day. What we really want is the jolt of caffeine that makes us more alert and focused and ready to take on the day. But what if there was a better way to get a "better" brain, a more holistic approach that doesn’t just keep you awake, but elevates overall mental ability and provides nourishment for long-term brain health? Well that better way exists thanks to the Focus + Mood Kit, an advanced blend of nootropics from the ALTA project. As mentioned above, the central ingredients in ALTA’s Focus + Mood supplement are substances called nootropics that have been shown to improve cognitive function, especially with so-called executive functions such as memory, creativity, and motivation. While caffeine is also considered a nootropic because it helps improve reaction time, alertness, memory, and mood, it doesn’t actually make your brain healthier. All it does is block the neurotransmitters that produce feelings of drowsiness. The nootropics in the Focus + Mood Kit do a lot more than that.  ALTA’s Focus + Mood Kit is actually two different supplements designed to work in perfect harmony. Focus improves mental capacity, brainpower, and energy. Mood relieves stress and helps restore and recuperate your mind. Each one contains a scientifically developed blend of botanical and synthetic ingredients that ultimately function as whole-brain optimizers. Here’s a rundown of the key ingredients of Focus: And here’s a rundown of the key ingredients of Mood: Each bottle of Focus and Mood contains 60 capsules, which is a one-month supply. ALTA recommends taking two capsules twice a day—two Focus in the morning and two Mood in the afternoon, with or without food. The effects depend on the size of the dose and vary with factors like weight and general sensitivity to the ingredients. However, users can typically expect to see optimal results—enhanced focus, better memory, more energy, less stress, emotional balance—in two to four weeks. And it’s all 100 percent non-GMO vegan, gluten free, caffeine free, and allergen free. There’s nothing wrong with a little caffeine to get you going. But if you want more than a kick in the pants—if you want to enhance brain function, soothe nerves, and improve long term brain health—you really need to check out ALTA’s Focus + Mood Kit. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Billions of dollars a year are spent on phones, computers, and other smart devices with the goal of increasing productivity. But more often than not, these devices end up becoming just another distraction. That's because we fail to realize that our productivity problems usually stem not from a lack of time or technology, but rather from a lack of focus. And without focus, even the most advanced smart-phone might as well be a rock. But what if there was a tool that allowed us to improve our focus and unlock the potential of our minds? Well, that tool may exist in the form of Nootropics. Nootropics, also known as smart drugs, are substances specifically designed to boost cognitive function, particularly executive functions like memory, creativity, and motivation. While they're certainly not yet at a Flowers For Algernon level of effectiveness, these brain boosting supplements have demonstrated great potential, and various companies are already marketing nootropics to people looking to gain a mental edge. And now a a company called ALTA is taking things to the next level with a special blend of nootropics which are not only specially formulated to enhance your brain's focus and memorization skills, but also to enhance your overall mood. And right now, thanks to ALTA's 100% satisfaction guaranteed, you can start a risk-free trial of their two most popular products for 60-percent of the normal price. So take a look at the options listed below, and learn more about what ALTA has to offer. Without proper nourishment, your body simply can't perform at its highest level. And your mind is no different. So ALTA Focus is scientifically formulated to provide your brain with the nourishment it needs to achieve its full potential. It utilizes advanced, clinically-studied nootropic compunds, essential neuro-vitamins, and herbal supplements to help improve short and long term memory, enhance focus and concentration, and increase motivation. It is also designed to boost energy levels and protect your brain's long-term health. ALTA Mood contains high-quality herbal ingredients known for their soothing properties calming effect. This includes valerian and chamomile, both of which have been used since the days of Ancient Greece. ALTA MOOD also includes lemon balm to promote a positive mood and reduce stress. In addition to herbal ingredients, ALTA Mood contains 5-HTP, a building block of serotonin that helps promote an upbeat attitude and healthy emotional balance. It also contains both Vitamin B3 (Niacin) and B6, which help the body optimize serotonin levels so you feel relaxed, yet alert and upbeat. The ALTA Focus + Mood kit will elevate not only the way you're living, but also your ability enjoy life. It's a dynamic whole-life system that increases your mental abilities and provides nourishment for long-term brain health. With ALTA Focus + Mood, both products complement each other while functioning as a whole-brain optimizer, allowing you to perform better mentally and emotionally. And best of all, you can start a risk-free trial of ALTA's Focus + Mood Kit for 60% off the normal price. ALTA nootropics will help you unlock and optimize your mental potential. Each of their products is designed with the purpose of helping you improve your emotional and/or mental well-being. But don't take our word for it. As mentioned above, ALTA offers a 100-percent satisfaction guarantee, so you can try their product risk free, and return it for a full refund if you're not impressed. So click here to learn more about what ALTA's nootropics can do for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Finally, the HD remake we've all been waiting for: a series of neural nets took the classic pixelated mug of the space marine from seminal 1993 first-person shooter "Doom" and churned out an almost photorealistic portrait. The face, which looks sort of like a beefier Nathan Fillion, was posted to Reddit on Sunday. And while the resulting thread reveals that the process wasn't as straightforward as it seems, the image is still a startling example at how adept artificial intelligence has become at filling in the gaps in a low-fidelity input — and spitting out something new and convincing. The final image is actually the product of several AI systems taking the improving on one another. According to the Reddit thread, the original "Doom Guy" sprite was fed into the AI of photo-editing programs including FaceApp, Waifu2x, and GIMP. That resulted in an improved, but still very pixelated and maybe pinkeye-infected version of the face. From there, the image was fed into StyleGAN, the Nvidia AI system that people have used to create photorealistic portraits and nightmarish Pokémon sprites. StyleGAN churned out a more realistic image then took another pass to smooth it out. But because the original sprite had unrealistic proportions, the new image was manually reshaped, into this final version. Basically, one algorithm couldn't take the pixelated blob that is Doom Guy and turn it into a real-looking face — it took a few steps to get there. But once that process is set up, AI can do some cool stuff — the original Reddit post, for instance, shows how editing teeth into the pixelated sprite convinces the AI to create a very different portrait, reshaping Doom Guy's entire expression into a big beaming smile. More on StyleGAN: This Site Tests Whether You Can Spot AI-Generated Faces Share This Article 
A collision with a "ghost of a galaxy" millions of years ago is still haunting the Milky Way. In November, astronomers announced the discovery of Antlia 2, a low-density but relatively massive galaxy orbiting the Milky Way. Now, a team from the Rochester Institute of Technology has provided evidence that a past galactic collision with Antlia 2 is to blame for large ripples in the Milky Way's outer hydrogen gas disc — potentially solving a mystery that has puzzled scientists for more than a decade. Rochester Assistant Professor Sukanya Chakrabarti presented her team's findings, which have been submitted to The Astrophysical Journal Letters and are currently published on the arXiv pre-print server, during a meeting of the American Astronomical Society on Wednesday. Using data collected by the European Space Agency's Gaia satellite, they calculated the past trajectory of Antlia 2 and found that it likely collided with the Milky Way hundreds of millions of years ago, causing the ripples we still see today. The team also conducted simulations to rule out a previously proposed cause of the ripples: a galactic collision with the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy. Chakrabarti believes Antlia 2 might help scientists solve another mystery, too: dark matter. "We don’t understand what the nature of the dark matter particle is," she said in a press release, "but if you believe you know how much dark matter there is, then what’s left undetermined is the variation of density with radius." "If Antlia 2 is the dwarf galaxy we predicted, you know what its orbit had to be," she continued. "You know it had to come close to the galactic disc. That sets stringent constraints, therefore, on not just on the mass, but also its density profile. That means that ultimately you could use Antlia 2 as a unique laboratory to learn about the nature of dark matter." READ MORE: New evidence shows crash with Antlia 2 gave the Milky Way the ripples in its outer disc [Rochester Institute of Technology] More on Antlia 2: Scientists Discover a "Ghost of a Galaxy" Orbiting the Milky Way Share This Article 
Asgardia, a nation of would-be spacefaring futurists, now has its first official head of state. Since he first created Asgardia in 2016, Igor Ashurbeyli, a Russian computer scientist and engineer, has served as the country’s de-facto leader. But on June 25, he was formally inaugurated as Head of State during an extravagant ceremony at Vienna’s Hofburg Palace, according to a post on the nation's web site. Right now, the 200,000 or so people who have registered as Asgardians don’t have a permanent home in their new country, but that’s not a problem for Ashurbeyli. His goal is to bring humanity to outer space, establishing colonies on a constellation of orbiting satellites as well as settling the Moon. Asgardia touts itself as a humanitarian endeavor that will bring together humanity's best, brightest, and most creative in an effort to promote science and prevent the political and violent conflicts of Earth from extending into space. In 2017, Asgardia launched its first satellite, which carries information about the country’s mission and constitution. According to Asgardia’s website, the organization plans to launch a constellation of similar satellites within the next two years to lay the groundwork for a future space society. But as Futurism previously reported, Asgardia has already hit some bumps in the road. For instance, some Asgardians felt disenfranchised when they learned they couldn’t vote against the new constitution, which gave Ashurbeyli far-reaching powers. Ashurbeyli's persona is shrouded in mystery. It is hard to find news about him that doesn't describe him as a billionaire, but hard numbers about his net worth aren't public. However, we do know that Ashurbeyli is a descendant of the Ashurbekov family, who are Azerbaijani nobility. Regardless of where he started, Ashurbeyli has done well for himself with a prolific career in business as well as defense and space technology. We caught up with Ashurbeyli via email to learn more about how things are going with Asgardia and how he plans to bring his nation into the future. Here’s our conversation, which has been lightly edited. To provide additional context, Futurism has also added all links to the text below. Futurism: First off, tell me a little bit more about your background. When did you become interested in space, and when did you come up with the idea for Asgardia? Igor Ashurbeyli: I was a scientist and businessman — now, I’m a philanthropist. I have been heavily involved in the aerospace industry in Russia for about 20 years. Before being elected into office as Asgardia’s first Head of Nation, I founded the Aerospace International Research Center (AIRC) in Vienna, Austria; and ROOM, The Space Journal. I’m also the Chairman of the Board of the Nonprofit Non-Government Expert Society on Space Threat Defense (ESSTD), with has special consultative status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC). The idea of creating an independent state unlike any other came to me more than 10 years ago. But a nation needs a territory, and the existing land assets on our planet have been divvied up. New nations have been trying to live on artificial islands or other artificial formations for years already. In 2016 I was in Montreal at the international conference on space law, and I thought to myself: why not make this new independent nation a space one? Is there a reason for why not? Talking with specialists in the area of space law at McGill University in Canada gave my idea a more defined form. F: Who or what inspired you to found Asgardia? IA: I’ve been inspired from the near-universal human mythology of another world somewhere beyond Earth, as with the Hindu concept of [the mythical kingdom of] Shambhala or the Russian legend of Kitezh. The name of Asgardia itself comes from ‘Asgard’, or the city in the sky from Norse mythology. I strive to see that Asgardia lives up to this embodiment of humankind’s age-old dream to live somewhere beyond the world as we know it. F: What are your ultimate goals for Asgardia and the people who believe in its vision? IA: Asgardia was founded on three principles: peace, access, and protection. First, Asgardia seeks to ensure that there is peace in space and that Earth’s conflicts don’t get transferred into space. Next, Asgardia seeks to deliver equal access to space to the people of the world. Last, Asgardia seeks to deliver equal protection to individuals and countries (particularly developing nations) from space threats. F: I understand that you were just inaugurated as Asgardia's Head of Nation at a ceremony at Hofburg Palace. What was the ceremony like? Who came to attend? IA: I’m very proud of the inauguration ceremony that took place at Hofburg Palace. I had the support of our newly elected Parliament, diplomatic representatives from over ten countries, representatives of a number of major public organizations affiliated with UN structures, newly elected Asgardian Members of Parliament, astronauts, space industry managers, scientists and our team of international lawyers. F: I heard that you recently launched a satellite that carries data about Asgardia and its constitution. Was it a challenge to decide what you would include on the satellite? How did it feel when it launched? IA: We always knew that we wanted to give space on the satellite to Asgardians. It’s a part of our mission to open up space to people from all over the world. As long as the material uploaded by Asgardians was legal by international standards, it was uploaded to the satellite and went into space with the launch. I was really proud to have watched the launch in person. Looking up at the rocket as it went into low Earth orbit, Asgardia’s first piece of sovereign territory took its place in space. F: I also read that some members of the Asgardia community felt that they didn't have a say in how things are run, for instance in being able to vote on the constitution. Do you think that's a fair characterization, and why or why not? IA: To be clear, Asgardians could either vote for the Constitution or vote by abstention —72.5 percent of Asgardians voted for the Constitution. In Asgardia, we want everyone’s voice to be heard. Editor's note: Grumblings within the Asgardia community first reported by Gizmodo reveal that the 72.5 percent of votes for the Asgardian Constitution may not match the people's true opinions. A quick look at the website where Asgardians could vote on the Constitution shows that they could either accept the document as-is, or simply click away from the page to imply a "no" vote. There was no room for discussion and no space to raise specific concerns.  F: How do you plan to resolve issues and disagreements within Asgardia? Do you have a plan in place for the future? F: Asgardia's ultimate goal, as I understand it, is to get people living in space. What do you think is the single greatest challenge humanity needs to solve before that can happen? Is it a matter of developing technology?  IA: There is a dual challenge: we need to deal with the issues of cosmic radiation as well as the issue of little gravity. For permanent habitation, we will need to address both of these problems. We’re planning on building space arks equipped with artificial gravity and shields from cosmic radiation and other space threats. F: Other than cosmic radiation and zero gravity, what are some of the threats that Asgardians will face should they try to live in space? F: Is there anything that the media has gotten wrong about your or about Asgardia? What do you really want to make sure people understand about this? IA: Three points: F: What do you think space settlements will look like in the near and distant future? When do you think humanity will be able to live off-world? IA: Hopefully, future space settlements will be the same as our homes here on Earth. I firmly believe that it will be within the next 25 years that humans will be able to begin to live off planet. F: In what way will space settlements, whether on the moon or orbital arks, be the same as those on Earth? IA: This implies replicating similar conditions for a human presence in space as is found on Earth. This is not available today at the International Space Station where a person is still a space tourist with a limited stay capacity, after which time irreversible consequences occur even for the prepared human body. We want to make it possible that anyone could live in near space or on the Moon, without being a qualified astronaut. That means developing permanent habitations that are as similar in feel to the homes that we have here on Earth as can be achieved within 25 years. F: Can you give me a sense of the timeline for when those space arks might be built and what has to happen for them to be created and deployed? F: What's next for you? What do you think Asgardians should be focusing on for right now or down the road? IA: The task before us right now — mobilizing the first government administration, setting up our economy, beginning to make diplomatic relationships — is the work that we need to do to prepare for the future of Asgardia. Share This Article 
Scott and Mark Kelly are identical twin brothers. They're also both former astronauts. Scott spent a year living in the International Space Station, while Mark was here on Earth. The Twin Study, as it was called, was an effort to help scientists understand the effects of extended time in space. NASA already has as pretty good grasp of what happens to the body after six months on the ISS. But the effects after a year are far more important if we're going to eventually send people to Mars, and beyond. Though Scott Kelly returned to Earth in March 2016, scientists are still running the data to figure out the effects on his body and mind. At the 2018 Investigator's Workshop for NASA's Human Research Program in January, NASA released its findings, revealing that Scott returned safely, but something about his gene expression had changed. NASA measured Scott's metabolites, cytokines and proteins before, during, and after his mission. Researchers learned that spaceflight is associated with oxygen deprivation stress, increased inflammation, and dramatic nutrient shifts that affect gene expression. Furthermore, Scott's telomeres (the ends of chromosomes that shorten as people get older) become longer while in space, but shortened again within 48 hours of Scott returning to Earth. Perhaps the most interesting discovery is the change to Scott's genes. 93 percent remained unchanged after the year-long stay in space, but the remaining 7 percent — referred to as "space genes" — were expressed differently (the DNA itself wasn't fundamentally altered, as some headlines stated and The Verge notes). These changes might have long-lasting effects on the immune system, DNA repair, bone formation networks, hypoxia (oxygen deficiency in tissue), and hypercapnia (an abundance of carbon dioxide in the bloodstream). 7 percent might sound insignificant, but in fact it amounts to several hundred of genes. Expect more findings from the Twin Study in the near future, starting with an integrated summary paper NASA will publish later this year. NASA states a "series of smaller papers grouped by related research areas" will also be released this year. The results of Scott Kelly's year-long mission will help space agencies all over the world prepare astronauts for longer stints in space. NASA says Kelly's work is a "stepping stone" to a three-year mission to Mars. Hopefully, by the time the mission begins, NASA's Mars lander will have told us much more about the Red Planet. That way, the astronauts will have a better idea of what to expect. Share This Article 
It's not a great feeling to know that you scared your doctors. Unfortunately for a man in the U.K, he recently did so: he displayed a case of gonorrhea that so dramatically resisted treatment that it chilled his physicians. That's partially because gonorrhea isn't the best thing to leave untreated. But another reason: this case is a harbinger of a looming crisis. Gonorrhea is an infection caused by a bacteria. Usually antibiotics can kill it. But after some time, the bacteria evolves to become resistant to that treatment. It also happens to be one of the world's most common STDs, with 78 million new cases every year. 30 percent of all gonorrhea infections are resistant to at least one antibiotic, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). We've known this was coming. In 2017, the WHO raised a worldwide alarm about the rising spread of resistance to older and cheaper antibiotics. Some countries with better monitoring systems, the UN agency said in a statement, found cases of resistance to all known antibiotics. This case is one of the first of its kind. The man is reported to have visited a clinic earlier this year, and was given a combination of two antibiotics, azithromycin and ceftriaxone, that was known to be effective in getting rid of the disease. After the cocktail failed to wipe out the infection, the patient is now being treated with injections of a stronger antibiotic called ertapenem and will be tested again next month, PHE said in a report. As reported by The Guardian, the U.K. government agency Public Health England (PHE) revealed that the patient who caught the highly resistant strain had a female partner in the country, but might have been infected during a trip in Southeast Asia. Authorities are tracking down the man's partners to try and contain the spread of the disease. "These cases may just be the tip of the iceberg, since systems to diagnose and report untreatable infections are lacking in lower-income countries where gonorrhea is actually more common," said Teodora Wi, a human reproduction expert with WHO, in a 2017 press release. New antibiotics are hard to come by. They are expensive to produce, and resistance evolves fast, thanks to their extensive use in agriculture and farming. And we're already feeling the effects. Superbugs claim the lives of up to 50,000 people every year in Europe and the U.S. alone, according to the U.K.'s Review on Antimicrobial Resistance. Globally, drug resistant infections kill at least 700,000 people every year. Those deaths are mostly due to resistance to cheap, widely-available antibiotics. What makes this gonorrhea case notable? So far it has resisted treatments previously considered very effective. Doctors are treating the patient with more powerful antibiotics in the hope they might finally work. Until we have more effective treatments for gonorrhea and other antibiotic-resistant infections, the best way to try to avoid catching a potentially untreatable STI is the same that prevents a treatable one: protected sex. So if you needed an extra reminder to stay safe in the boudoir, well, here you go. Share This Article 
We have accomplished a lot in our (relatively) short time on Earth. We've sent humans to the Moon and to live in space, developed massive and sophisticated telescopes to see the farthest reaches of the cosmos, and even rocketed rovers to Mars and probes to the edge of our solar system. However, a number of organizations have taken humanity's voyage into the final frontier a step farther. NASA, the European Space Agency, and the research collective behind the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI) have been working tirelessly to find out if we are alone, once and for all. Already, a number of projects exist that scan the stars for signs of intelligent life. And despite the fact that many of them have been looking to the skies for decades, we have yet to make contact. And that's a bit of a problem. To put it mildly, our solar system is very old. In fact, scientists are still figuring out just how old — clues gathered from meteorites suggest it is almost 5 billion years old, and surrounding star systems are likely billions of years older. While interstellar travel still seems to be a distant dream, new technology is born every year that allows us to scan the skies for signals from civilizations in the most distant corners of the cosmos. The number of known alien worlds and star systems discovered through these technologies continues to rise, but our creative methods of listening to space have not yet revealed anything that resembles extraterrestrial communications or civilizations. Given the size and age of our universe, it seems like we should have made contact. We, of course, have not. In the early 20th century, physicist Enrico Fermi asked himself a now-famous question: Given the scope of our universe, why haven't we found intelligent extraterrestrial life yet (or why haven't they found us)? This is sometimes called the Fermi Paradox or the Great Silence. Scientists have floated many possible answers in the century since Fermi first asked this question. Here are some of the most plausible reasons why he haven't made first contact. Basic probability asserts that alien life must exist. Since we haven't made contact yet, one theory goes, there must be something barring life from interstellar travel or, at least, barring it from communicating with other alien species. This barrier is known as the "Great Filter," and it is a force or event that stops a civilization from getting to the aforementioned point of interstellar travel or communication. If the theory holds true, there are two primary reasons that we haven't made contact: Because societies kill themselves off before they reach a state advanced enough to explore the stars or interstellar travel is simply not possible on a technological scale. Neither option is particularly pleasing. And according to the experts behind the work, the filter event is of equal or greater probability than the existence of alien life itself. This is the point argued by Robin Hanson, a research associate at the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford University, in his discussion of the topic. No alien civilizations have substantially colonized our solar system or systems nearby. Thus among the billion trillion stars in our past universe, none has reached the level of technology and growth that we may soon reach. This one data point implies that a Great Filter stands between ordinary dead matter and advanced exploding lasting life. Since we have not been able to detect alien life (or leave the solar system much, for that matter), how far are we from being caught up in some event that would bar us from ever finding aliens? "The easier it was for life to evolve to our stage, the bleaker our future chances probably are," Hanson writes. In other words, the more life there is in the cosmos, the greater the likeliness that we are about to reach a cataclysmic, life-ending event or reach the cosmic limits of technological advancement. Another hypothesis asserts that alien civilizations certainly exist, but they're simply inactive. That's the "aestivation hypothesis" (aestivation refers to an organism's state of prolonged inactivity, similar to a bear hibernating or a frog that buries itself in sand during hot weather), which was put forth by researchers from Oxford’s Future of Humanity Institute and the Astronomical Observatory of Belgrade. The theory, published in a paper in the Journal of the British Interplanetary Society in 2017, states that aliens may be "hibernating" until the environmental conditions are just right to become active and build their super society. The researchers argue that the laws of thermodynamics directly limit computation, as computing technologies need to be cooled in order to function. This makes it exceedingly difficult to create advanced technologies, as keeping them cool at scale quickly becomes prohibitively difficult. So the aliens are falling into a dormant until, to be blunt, the universe cools. But distilling the development of a civilization to the kinds of conditions that our current, and somewhat imperfect, models can predict could be reductive. What if intelligent extraterrestrial life has found a way around the thermodynamic conditions that limit its ability to compute? "What if there are other forms of value that can be generated?" the study authors write. If they're wrong about the relationship between thermodynamics and technology, the aestivation hypothesis would be moot. In this case, perhaps one of the other ideas here holds true. According to the "Gaian Bottleneck" hypothesis, life needs particular environmental conditions to develop, and they're not so common. Astrobiologists at the Australian National University penned their explanation to the Fermi Paradox in 2016. Extinction is "the cosmic default for most life that has ever emerged on the surfaces of wet rocky planets in the Universe," the researchers wrote. That's because a planet has to be actually inhabited for it to be habitable, because organisms change the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. A Catch-22 emerges: no life without habitability, no habitability without life. For alien life to persist, the researchers write, it must hang on: "like trying to ride a wild bull. Most life falls off." Life can only take place with the presence of an unlikely feedback loop. In this case, Earth is the exception to the rule. In 2015, after nearly a decade in transit, NASA's New Horizons spacecraft became the first to do a close flyby of Pluto. It offered humanity its first look at its icy surface and raised questions about the possibility of subsurface oceans of water, and lots of methane and nitrogen. These questions put Pluto on a short but growing list of worlds with buried oceans trapped under a thick crust of ice and rock (some of the other worlds are Saturn’s moons Enceladus and Titan, as well as Jupiter’s moons Europa, Callisto, and Ganymede). Those oceans figure prominently into another theory of where life might be lurking, one that Alan Stern, the principal investigator for New Horizons, touches on. Since buried oceans form a much more stable ecosystem than flowing surface streams, changes such as altering tides and dissipation take place over a longer time period. A hard outer shell protects hypothetical life in the oceans from a harsh climate and a lethal mix of gases on the surface. "Impacts and solar flares, and nearby supernovae, and what orbit you're in, and whether you have a magnetosphere, and whether there's a poisonous atmosphere — none of those things matter," Stern told Space.com. Any intelligent alien life that forms in these deep oceans would have to overcome a big hurdle to reach inhabitants of other worlds: drilling through that thick, protective crust. All that work would only get them to the surface — sending signals to other planets become even more unlikely. For the past eighty years or so, we've been listening for signs of extraterrestrial life with  radio technology. The Allen Telescope Array, situated 470 km (290 miles) northeast of San Francisco, is one of the biggest — since 2007, 42 dishes have stood at the ready to scan the skies regularly in the hope of receiving radio signals from extraterrestrial life. But what if extraterrestrial life doesn't operate on those frequencies? Attempts at contact could simply be passing us by simply because we don't comprehend the right wavelengths. Instead of using telescope arrays and scanning the skies for radio signals, Duncan Forgan at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland suggests creating a galactic communications network. The same way we blink our high beams to send a signal to other drivers, we could use the shadow that Earth creates when it passes in front of the Sun to send a message to our fellow inhabitants of the universe. Forgan suggests that we build powerful lasers that contain those encoded messages, which are sent out as we pass in front of the Sun. “If you want to communicate with someone on the other side of the galactic centre, there’s lots of stuff in the way – dust, stars, a big black hole – so you can take the long way around using the network,” Forgan tells New Scientist. Rather than letting intergalactic messages get lost in the vastness of space, civilizations in different galaxies could agree to use this "galactic communications network" to ensure their messages get to their intended recipients – a unified system to cut through the chatter. We've only been actively reaching out for alien life for about a century — a mere blip in the long history of the solar system and of the universe overall. Evan Solomonides, an astrophysics and mathematics undergrad and researcher at Cornell University, suggests that it could take a while — about 1,500 years from now, to be precise — before we hear from any extraterrestrials. In a paper submitted to the American Astronomical Society, Solomonides examines the probability of finding life. "We predict that under 1 percent of the galaxy has been reached at all thus far, and we do not anticipate to be reached until approximately half of the stars/planets have been reached." Solomonides believes that we will have explore around half of the Milky Way galaxy before we hear anything, which will take a while since we've barely explored our own galactic neighborhood. Solomonides is careful to note that the 1,500 years is not a deadline. “This is not to say that we must be reached by then or else we are, in fact, alone. We simply claim that it is somewhat unlikely that we will not hear anything before that time." Editor's Note: This article was updated to correct the names of Saturn and Jupiter's moons. Share This Article 
Astronomers believe our universe is home to at least 100 billion galaxies. And just like us, each of those massive collections of stars and other space stuff will eventually die. But also like us, galaxies go through a host of phases between birth and death. Now, a researcher from the University of Kansas has discovered one scientists never knew about before. She calls it the "cold quasar" phase — and it could completely upend our understanding of how galaxies die. Quasars form when a black hole at the center of a galaxy begins gobbling up all the material around it. The black hole pulls in gas, which forms an accretion disk and becomes super-heated, emitting so much electromagnetic energy that the quasar can appear hundreds of times brighter than a regular galaxy. Scientists thought that once a galaxy entered the quasar phase, its star-making days were behind it — essentially, it's a dead galaxy. However, as University of Kansas assistant professor of physics and astronomy Allison Kirkpatrick explained during a press conference on Wednesday, it appears that's not the always case. Through a survey of data collected by the European Space Agency's XMM-Newton Telescope, Kirkpatrick and colleagues discovered that about 10 percent of galaxies with accreting supermassive black holes at their centers still contained cold gas and still made new stars. But that was just the first part of her team's discovery — within that strange population of galaxies, a further 10 percent stood out. "These are very compact, blue, luminous sources," Kirkpatrick said in a press release. "They look exactly like you would expect a supermassive black hole to look in the end stages after it has quenched all of the star formation in a galaxy. This is evolving into a passive elliptical galaxy, yet we have found a lot of cold gas in these as well. These are the population that I’m calling 'cold quasars.'" The cold quasar phase might not be as rare as Kirkpatrick's research seems to imply, either — in fact, she believes there's a chance every galaxy will become a cold quasar at one point. "This is a transition phase, let’s say of 10 million years," she said in the press release. "In universal timescales, that’s really short — and it’s hard to catch this thing. We’re doing what we call a blind survey to find objects we weren’t looking for. And by finding these objects, yes, it could imply that this happens to every galaxy." READ MORE: Astrophysicist Announces Her Discovery of 'Cold Quasars' That Could Rewrite Understanding of How Galaxies Die [The University of Kansas] More on quasars: Newly Spotted Quasar Is 600 Trillion Times Brighter Than the Sun Share This Article 
The Moon's largest crater — the 1,240 mile-across and four billion years-old South Pole-Aitken (SPA) basin — is hiding something enormous and metallic under its surface, as discovered by researchers from Baylor University and revealed to the world this week. It's a discovery that continues to puzzle scientists. Where did this 4.8 quintillion pound growth come from? What is it made of? "Imagine taking a pile of metal five times larger than the Big Island of Hawaii and burying it underground," Peter B. James, author of the paper, said in a press release. "That's roughly how much unexpected mass we detected." There are the two reasons why the mass exists, according to the researchers who discovered it. The first is "that the metal from the asteroid that formed this crater is still embedded in the Moon's mantle," said James. The second is that the Moon's liquid magma surface solidified billions of years ago, leaving dense oxides of nickel and iron. "I think both of their suggestions could be valid," wrote Sara Mazrouei, PhD candidate at the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Toronto. "It could be remnants of dense oxides or core remnants of a giant impactor. The [latter] seems more plausible." Regardless of what caused the gigantic mass on the far side of the Moon, understanding the origins of the Moon's SPA basin is central to learning about the satellite's formation. "There is no doubt that this basin is very interesting – it is the largest impact feature that we know of in the solar system," wrote Rosaly Lopes, Senior Research Scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), in an email. "Regardless, the more we learn about the SPA and its formation, the more we'll learn about the early days of Moon, Earth, and the inner solar system," wrote Mazrouei. China's Chang'e-4 lunar lander touched down in the Von Kármán crater — a crater located inside of the SPA basin — in January. It made the long journey to the far side of the Moon to examine the chemical composition of lunar rocks and soil — but it's unlikely it'll be able to probe the strange mass that extends to “depths of more than 300 km [186 miles]” according to the researchers’ paper. At the same time, efforts to return humans to the Moon is heating up. NASA is eyeing 2024 for the next chance to land American astronauts on its surface. Perhaps then we'll have a chance to get a closer look at the Moon's giant metallic secret. And if you thought that the metal might be a buried alien spacecraft, you won't be siding with the experts. "I don’t speculate on extra-terrestrial civilizations, sorry," one of the researchers we talked to said. READ MORE: Mass anomaly detected under the moon’s largest crater [Baylor University] More on the anomaly: Astronomers Discover "Deep Structure" Under Moon's Largest Crater Share This Article 
The United States appears on track to get a Space Force — or a Space something, at least. On Wednesday morning, the House Armed Services Committee (HASC) began debating and revising the 2020 National Defense Authorization Act, the legislation that sets the military's defense policies and budget for the year. Before the end of the 21-hour-long session, they decided that the U.S. does need a new military branch focused on protecting its interests in space — but that it should be called the Space Corps instead of the name President Donald Trump wanted: Space Force. The name change came as part of an amendment presented by Strategic Forces Subcommittee chairman Jim Cooper (D-Tenn) and Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Ala.) and approved unanimously by the panel. Per the amendment, a 4-star commandant appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate will lead the Space Corps, which will be nestled under the Department of the Air Force. Its purpose will be to "protect the interests of the United States in space; deter aggression in, from, and to space, and conduct space operations." "It is not a $13 billion expenditure, a gold-plated plan like had been proposed to us by the secretary of the Air Force," Cooper told The Washington Times. "It is instead a reorganization so that space professionals can be properly recognized for their skill and ability and promoted." In the next few weeks, the HASC-approved 2020 NDAA will go up for a vote in the entire House of Representatives, while a version of the 2020 NDAA recently approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee will go up for a vote in the Senate. The Senate version approves the creation of a Space Force, so at some point, members of Congress will need to reconcile the language difference between the two NDAAs. But semantics aside, one thing appears clear: U.S. lawmakers recognize space as a military battleground of the future. READ MORE: House Armed Services Committee votes to create a U.S. Space Corps [SpaceNews] More on space warfare: New Book: The US Is in a “Shadow War.” Space Is the Battlefield. Share This Article 
Congress is worried that deepfakes, or computer-generated videos that depict people saying or doing things that never happened, could severely disrupt the 2020 presidential campaign, the Washington Post reports. The House Intelligence Committee has scheduled a hearing today to discuss the problem with AI experts. But many other experts in the field are worried that the U.S. is not ready for a deepfake invasion. "We are outgunned," Hany Farid, computer-science professor at the University of California at Berkeley, told the Post. "The number of people working on the video-synthesis side, as opposed to the detector side, is 100 to 1." While they have made some progress trying to come up with simple tools that could spot a deepfake and separate them from the real thing, they still have a long way to go. And the prognosis is grim: a report by Axios found that not a single 2020 presidential campaign candidate can point to measures they’ve taken to prevent the spread of this potentially-dangerous media. The news comes after the spread of a video of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi that had been tampered with to make her appear drunk. Earlier this month, the video mysteriously disappeared from Facebook. Adam Schiff (D-CA), chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said Thursday, "I don’t think we’re well prepared at all. And I don’t think the public is aware of what’s coming. There’s no end to the pernicious abuse of this technology." So far, the federal government has not passed any laws or legal framework that tries to reign in the spread of deepfakes. But as with many other political issues in the U.S., fears of government overreach and the perceived threat to the First Amendment might slow down efforts to make deepfakes illegal. READ MORE: Top AI researchers race to detect ‘deepfake’ videos: ‘We are outgunned’ [The Washington Post] More on deepfakes: Report: 2020 Candidates Are Going to Get Owned by Deepfakes Share This Article 
Right now, some scientist, somewhere, is almost certainly toiling over a science poster by attempting to fit months' or perhaps even years' worth of research onto a single — albeit large — sheet of paper. Eventually, they'll hang their creation on a temporary wall during some science conference's poster session, alongside countless others. And if the scientist is lucky, their poster will draw the attention of someone with the power to help them take their research to the next level, perhaps through a collaboration or funding opportunity. Or maybe it'll inspire another scientist, who will then leave the conference motivated to begin a new line of research. The problem is that these posters are stuck in the past — translation: they kinda suck — but a student in Michigan has a plan to change that. Mike Morrison is currently working toward his doctorate in psychology at Michigan State University. In a fascinating new NPR profile, he details what he thinks is wrong with the science posters currently on display at most poster sessions — and how a simple change in format could have a tremendous impact. "Imagine you're driving down the highway, and you see billboards, but instead of an image and a catchy phrase, there's paragraphs of text all over the billboards," Morrison told NPR. "That's what we're seeing; we're walking through a room full of billboards with paragraphs of text all over them." "It's mostly noise. You're just skimming desperately," he continued, "and you're going to miss a lot as you walk by." Fed up with the poster status quo, Morrison created and released a clever animated video in March — see above — detailing what he perceives as a better format for science posters designed to facilitate the seamless flow of information between all the smarties at these conferences. In the clip, he suggests researchers replace the paragraph upon paragraph of tiny text with a clean design. It should feature their main finding in simple language written in big, bold letters with just a few key points taking up the remaining room on the poster. Beneath that, the scientists can place a scannable QR code that directs people to a website featuring the details of the study. READ MORE: To Save The Science Poster, Researchers Want To Kill It And Start Over [NPR] More on science communication: Buzz Aldrin: Scientific Understanding Matters More Today Than Ever Share This Article 
If you think you’re safe from online privacy and security threats because you change your passwords every once in a while, we’ve got some bad news for you. Unless you’re using a VPN, or virtual private network, none of your personal information is fully protected from someone who really wants to see it, and everything you do is being tracked by data brokers, marketers, and government agencies who build detailed profiles linked to your IP address. Luckily, it’s pretty easy to remedy this situation. In fact, right now it’s as simple as taking advantage of this awesome deal on NordVPN, one of the best VPN services in the world. When you sign up for a VPN, the company provides you with special software for your computer, phone, or router that encrypts every piece of information you send out so no one without the encryption key can read it. Then, rather than sending your data straight to its final destination on the Internet—whether that’s your bank, an online retailer, or even just Netflix—it gets routed through the VPN so that it looks like the data is coming from the VPN server instead of you. To put it another way, a VPN service creates a virtual private tunnel between you and a third-party server. Nobody can see what you send through that tunnel, so the information coming in and out is totally secure. Then, when that information finally emerges from the other end of the tunnel, nobody can tell where it came from. Of course, while any VPN is better than no VPN, not all of them are the same. Some use inferior encryption protocols that are easier to crack. Some significantly slow down your connection speeds, making it hard to stream HD content. Some even keep detailed records of everything you do online just like an Internet Service Provide (ISP), meaning all your activity can be traced back to you. And yes, that does defeat the point of a VPN. But NordVPN doesn’t do any of that. They use military grade encryption. Their servers won’t slow down your connection speeds. And they have a strict “no logging” policy, which means no hacker or government agency can find out your browsing history. NordVPN works on almost every major platform, and you can connect up to six devices at one time, including computers, tablets, smartphones, and routers. That means you’ll be always completely protected from hackers and malware wherever you are, so you can shop, bank, and browse social media with peace of mind wherever you are, even on unsecured public wifi. And the best part is, as the deals below demonstrate, NordVPN won’t break the bank, especially when it comes to long-term sign ups. The longer the commitment, the more you save. A standard month-by-month subscription to NordVPN is $11.95 per month. That’s a great deal, considering the level of protection you’re getting. However, if you’re willing to make a longer commitment, you can save a ton of money. The NordVPN 3-Year Plan is just $107.55 for three years. That works out to just $2.99 per month, a full 75-percent off the regular monthly subscription price. And with the 3-Year Plan you get a 30-day money back guarantee. So there is absolutely no risk involved. You simply will not find a better deal on a VPN service that's this good. That said, if you’re the type who just can’t commitment, that’s okay. There are a few other options that still save you money. The NordVPN 2-Year Plan is just $95.75. That works out to just $3.99 per month, or 66-percent off the regular monthly subscription price. You don’t get the 30-day money back guarantee, but you still get a pretty awesome deal. However, if two years is still too long, you can save by signing up for one year. The NordVPN 1-Year Plan is just $83.88. That works out to $6.99 per month, or 41-percent off the regular monthly subscription price. Once again, you don’t get the 30-day monthly back guarantee, but you still get an excellent product at an excellent price. Whether you’re willing to commit to three years, one year, or just one month, you need to protect your online privacy with a VPN. So take advantage of these deals from NordVPN before it’s too late. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Caesar himself may have sipped the same pinot noir you enjoy on the regular. Well, not exactly, but in the ancient and traditional art of winemaking, very little changes. And now the idea of timelessness in wine has been taken one step further thanks to a new report which found, on a genetic level, that some grape varieties used in modern winemaking haven't changed from ones used hundreds or thousands of years ago. The research, published Monday in the journal Nature Plants, found that 28 archaeological grape seeds dating to the Iron Age, Roman era and medieval period are closely related to grapes used in modern winemaking today. Some modern grapes were even identical to 900-year-old grape seeds. Until now, no one was sure how we arrived to modern day varietals from ancient wine grapes. The new research suggests that the path between the two may be fairly linear. Some modern grapes varieties are so closely related to ancient samples you might even call them genetic siblings, just one or two generations apart. One, the savagnin blanc grape — not to be confused with sauvignon blanc — hasn't changed genetically in 900 years. The reason lies in the way winemakers have cultivated grapes for centuries. In nature, grapes change genetically over time thanks to natural selection, but things are different with domesticated grapes. Once a grape has been bred to produce a specific wine, vintners want to prevent changes as much as possible. Instead of letting plants reproduce naturally, vintners manipulate a process called "vegetative propagation" by either grafting dormant grape buds onto an existing root structure, or replanting a vine shoot that is genetically identical to its "parent" plant. Repeat this process over hundreds of years and you end up with grapes that have barely changed genetically. But the same focus on preventing change to grapes could be putting them at risk. "[These grapevines have] been around for hundreds and hundreds of years, but everything around [them] has continued to change," Zoë Migicovsky, a postdoctoral researcher at Dalhousie University in Canada, told NPR. As our planet and society has changed domestic grape vines have not, exposing them to new diseases and new threats from shifting climate patterns they aren't genetically equipped to handle. The more similar grape vines are the more at risk they are. "If these varietals are genetically identical all over the world... it means they're all susceptible to the same pests and diseases as well," Migicovsky says. In other words, if all the grape vines are genetically similar, they could easily all be lost to one threat, much like bananas. The good news is there's time to change. Keeping the grape industry healthy may mean consumers and growers must set aside the chardonnays and zinfandels we're all familiar with in favor of newer, hardier varietals. It's also possible that by departing from familiar tastes consumers may find a new wine they enjoy more. Either way, a future full of healthy grapevines is something we all could toast to. READ MORE: We Drink Basically The Same Wine As Ancient Romans — And That's Not So Great [NPR] More on the Future of Grapes: Scientists Are Trying to Figure out How to Grow Grapes on Mars Share This Article 
Your favorite classic video games are getting a killer makeover. But it's not big-name game developers making the improvements: it's independent modders. Most game updates require teams of designers and coders working for months or even years, according to a fascinating new feature in The Verge, but now many are using machine learning to expedite the process — allowing a single highly-motivated modder to refurbish a game in just a few weeks. One extraordinary example: In March, Reddit user BearborgOne used a program called ESRGAN (which stands for Enhanced Super-Resolution Generative Adversarial Networks) to retexture the beloved GameCube classic Metroid Prime 2 into a 4k masterpiece. ESRGAN plucks the textures from the original base game, analyzes them, and fills the gaps in the low resolution graphics, effectively smoothing and sharpening the game while preserving the original design. After applying AI upscaling, blurry clouds of pixels become detailed buildings or trees — much like an art restorationist reviving the lost faces of a neglected painting. It might sound like the AI does all the work, but it's not that simple. According to The Verge, some games can take hundreds of hours to tweak the algorithm and clean the final images by hand. Just one monster could take between five and 15 hours, depending on the complexity game's animation. Still, AI is a powerful tool. Daniel Trolie, a teacher and student from Norway, updated The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind, an RPG classic from 2002. "It was like witchcraft," he told The Verge. "It looked like I just downloaded a hi-res texture pack from Bethesda themselves." Communities of modders gather on the r/GameUpscale reddit and Discord channel to share technique and technology if you want to revive your favorite out of date classic yourself. Still, it's understandable if you're a pixel purist. Nostalgia for old games might be fueling the movement, but there's something wonderful about enjoying vintage graphics. Anyone who played Ocarina of Time on Nintendo 64, after all, knows that the scare of a giant spider dropping on your head wouldn't be the same without the gangly pixelated legs. READ MORE: Artificial Intelligence is Helping Old Video Games Look Like New [The Verge] More on video games: Schools in Eight States Now Have Varsity Video Game Teams. Share This Article 
Jim Sciutto is CNN's chief national security correspondent, meaning he knows a thing or two about military strategy and warfare. And right now, he believes the United States is engaged in — and losing — a war most citizens don't even know is taking place. He calls it "the shadow war," which also happens to be the title of his latest book. The moniker alludes to the covert nature of this war, which Sciutto says Russia and China are waging against the U.S. online, under the Earth's oceans — and in space. "Star Wars is here today," he told Salon in a recent interview. Sciutto went on to elaborate on the nature of this space warfare and what might happen if America's enemies decide to deploy their own space weapons. "Russia has kamikaze satellites that can destroy U.S. satellites in orbit," he told Salon. "China has kidnapper satellites that could snatch them out of orbit. Why? Because our military and our civilian life is more advanced in space than anybody, but also more dependent on it." "Smart bombs aren't smart without satellites," he continued. "Drones don't fly. We don't have nuclear early warning without satellites... you have a whole host of ways to undermine and even paralyze the U.S. if you were to take away those space assets." The U.S. might be in a vulnerable position right now, but it does have options, Sciutto argued in another interview, this one for the Recode Decode podcast. For one, it could choose to launch the exact same types of space weapons. "We have those capabilities, but we haven’t deployed them to the degree that China and Russia [have]," Sciutto said. "And that’s a decision that has to be made: Is that the best deterrent? Or does that lead to a space arms race? That’s part of the calculation that has to be made today." READ MORE: Russia and China are waging a “shadow war” against the US, and the battlefields will be AI and space, CNN’s Jim Sciutto says [Vox] More on space warfare: 25 Governments Are Meeting Right Now to Prevent a Space Arms Race Share This Article 
If you’ve been thinking about getting a Raspberry Pi because you’ve heard about the all the cool things it can do, but you haven’t been quite sure where to start, today is your lucky day. Right now you can get an awesome deal on a comprehensive Raspberry Pi starter kit and training course bundle that will teach you everything you need to know, and provide you with all the hardware you need to get started. For those who aren’t familiar, the Raspberry Pi is a miniature computer that runs a stripped down version of Linux called Raspbian. It was originally created by the Raspberry Pi Foundation as an inexpensive way to teach kids how to code. As such, it’s not a very powerful machine. The the latest version consists of single credit card-sized circuit board with a 1.4GHz processor and 1GB of RAM. However, thanks to its extreme versatility, compact size, and insanely low cost, the much-loved mini pc is perfectly suited for a wide variety of fully customized computing tasks. In fact, programmers, gamers, and hobbyists all over the world use the Raspberry Pi as all-in-one media centers, multi-platform smarthome hubs, VPN hosts, security system servers, retro gaming consoles, living room web browsers, remote controls, and so much more. Unfortunately, getting started with the device can seem pretty daunting to people who don’t have a programming background. However, the Complete Raspberry Pi 3B+ Starter Kit & Course Bundle can walk you through everything and have you building a gaming console or setting up your smart home in no time. This starter kit includes the latest version of Raspberry Pi and provides access to unlimited access to three online courses designed programming and IT experts. It also includes a 37-piece sensor kit so you can put your new programming skills to work immediately. Here’s a more detailed breakdown of everything that’s included. As the name implies, this course is essentially Raspberry Pi 101. It’s designed for users of all experience levels, starting with the basics and building up to some common projects. Your subscription comes with lifetime 24/7 access to two hours of instruction broken up into 50 individual lessons. This course is still very beginner friendly. However, it eventually delves into some more complex topics, ultimately giving you a much richer understanding of what your Pi can do. Your subscription gives you lifetime 24/7 access to over four hours of instruction broken up into 76 lessons. Topics include working with Python, using GPIO pins, setting up sensors, and using the Pi camera module. And don’t worry! That will all make sense once you start the course. With this course you really start to get to the cool stuff. It will teach you the basics of the Amazon Alexa ecosystem so you can use your new mini pc to make your entire home voice automated. Your subscription gives you 24/7 lifetime access to four hours of instruction broken up into 55 lessons. Last, but certainly not least, this Raspberry Pi bundle comes with this awesome starter kit from Sunfounder, which includes a Raspberry Pi 3B+, as well as 37 different sensor modules that do everything from detecting motion to measuring weather conditions. The 3B+ is the most versatile version of the mini computer so far. It features dual band wifi and Bluetooth, four USB ports, an HDMI port, an ethernet port, a 3.5mm stereo output port, 40-pin GPIO (General Purpose Input/Output) port, and a microSD slot. Whether you actually want to teach your kids how to code, or you’re just looking for a fun new hobby for yourself, you can’t go wrong with this miniature computer. And the Complete Raspberry Pi 3B+ Starter Kit & Course Bundle is absolutely the best place to start. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Not only are sex robots on the horizon, but they might one day be covered by your health insurance, according to clinical psychologist and sex therapist Marianne Brandon. During her presentation at the Applied Evolutionary Psychology Society's Mental Health Symposium on June 4, Brandon argued that doctors might one day prescribe hyper-realistic sex robots to patients diagnosed as "sexually dysfunctional." And while that might sound like a harmless enough solution to a tragic problem, the impact on society could be devastating. According to a Psychology Today story, Brandon noted during her presentation that sex robots are in development and that extremely sophisticated ones will likely arrive within the next decade or two. These robots will likely be capable of carrying out nearly any sex act imaginable and could even have personalities that make them appear smart and witty — or whatever it is you're into. Brandon also believes the male majority in Congress will support and pass legislation that makes it possible for doctors to prescribe these robots to patients, with insurance companies footing the bill — an ease of access that will lead to a host of problems. During her presentation, Brandon shared a laundry list of potential issues she thinks could accompany the advent of sex bots. For one, the robots will likely be disproportionately targeted toward men the same way pornography currently is, according to Brandon. But while a lack of equal benefit for women is troubling, the damage these robots could do to relationships in general might be downright catastrophic. Because the sex robots will be essentially the "perfect" sexual partner — attractive, compliant, convenient — they'll make "real" relationships, with all their ups and downs, less appealing, according to Brandon. The quality of relationship intimacy will drop, she predicts, and people will be less motivated to work on problems with their mates. Some people will opt out of traditional relationships altogether in favor of the bots, Brandon said during her presentation, possibly leading to a decrease in marriages and even birth rates. In other words, sex robots might benefit individuals — but take a look at the bigger picture, and you might see them ushering in the end of human society as we know it. READ MORE: Sex Robots and the End of Civilization [Psychology Today] More on sex robots: Unsettling Sex Robot Looks Almost Exactly Like a Real Person Share This Article 
In the late-1990s, agriculture company Monsanto began developing wheat genetically modified to resist the company's Roundup weed killer. Monsanto ended the project in 2004, and to this day, no one is allowed to sell genetically modified wheat in the United States. But on Friday, the U.S. Department of Agriculture confirmed the discovery of Roundup-resistant GM wheat growing in an unplanted field in Washington state — a startling example of the long-term impact GM experiments can have on an ecosystem. The wheat doesn't have "Product of Monsanto" printed on its stem, but the connection between the newly discovered plants and the controversial company, which Bayer purchased in 2018, is pretty clear. The USDA has already found GM wheat confirmed to belong to Monsanto growing in the wild three other times, most recently in 2016 in Washington state, and Bayer has already noted its involvement in the new investigation. "We have been informed by USDA of a possible detection of GM wheat in Washington State, possibly on the site of a former field trial," Bayer Crop Sciences spokeswoman Charla Lord told Reuters. "We are cooperating with USDA to gather more information and facts as the agency reviews the situation." Thankfully, the USDA wrote in its initial statement that it has found "no evidence that GE wheat has entered the food supply." If Monsanto had the necessary approvals for its field trials, it's hard to imagine the company will face any penalties for its GM wheat still showing up in the wild. But the situation is a troubling reminder that whenever humans introduce a genetically modified organism into the environment, they run the risk of irreversibly changing the ecosystem — and the genetically modified mosquitos scientists are creating to end malaria could potentially spread much farther than a GM plant ever could once released into the wild. READ MORE: Genetically Engineered Wheat Found in Unplanted Washington Field [Bloomberg] More on GMOs: Genetically Engineered Mosquitoes Are About to Fly Free in Africa Share This Article 
Are you finding it hard to concentrate? Do you feel your memory isn't quite as sharp as it used to be. Well, there may be a reason. Research published in the journal World Psychiatry found that the Internet and its “limitless stream of prompts and notifications" sent straight to our smart phones may "decrease... capacity for maintaining concentration on a single task." It also found that having constant access to online information may be impacting the way our brains store information. Basically, when it comes to sophisticated brain function, the more you outsource the work, the less your brain has to do. And like a muscle that isn't used, an idle mind can also fall into a sort of atrophy. However, if you want to prevent this, and instead increase concentration and improve memory, all you have to do is start exercising your brain. That's where the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle comes in. A new study published in Psychological Science in the Public Interest claims that brain training stimulates the brain so that it can excel at the task at hand. And with the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle, you'll gain lifetime access to nearly 20 hours of neurologically-proven strategies broken up into 62 brilliant lectures that are specifically designed to improve memory, increase focus, and boost productivity. So, if developing a skill set to improve your memory and cognitive brain function interests you, take a closer look at what the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle has to offer. Building on the success of the original Become A SuperLearner course, this new-and-improved training program is loaded with hacks and techniques. Each lesson is designed to optimize learning so you’ll adopt new skills faster and more efficiently than ever before. Exploring the actual cognitive and neurological factors behind smarter learning, this training goes beyond simple speed reading. It actually explains advanced techniques to improve memory so you can better retain and recall details, learn new skills, and even speak other languages. With this cutting edge program, you’ll triple your learning speed & acquire new skills faster than ever. Regardless of whether you are focused or easily distracted, this course will help you evolve your skills to their next level. We all have an inherent capacity to focus, but attention is also a limited resource. Not only should we be aware of this, but we should treat it like the precious resource it is. In this course, you'll examine your capacity to find focus in a variety of ways, and learn everything you need to know about focus & attention to remove distractions. From brain systems and neurochemicals to the different types of distractions you're facing, with this course you'll discover a host of tips, tricks, and strategies to hone your focus. Think of neuroplasticity as the process of rewiring your brain. Whether you want to change old habits, learn new skills, or even alter memories, neuroplasticity enables you to change who you are. It doesn’t matter where you're at in life, thanks to this ability we can alter any part of who we are if we have the desire. Here’s where you’ll train your brain to learn new skills & ditch bad habits with neuroscience research. By jumping into this course you'll learn firsthand how to harness its power. You’ll explore cutting-edge research and have hands-on training to develop a greater understanding of what neuroplasticity is and how to immediately use it to your advantage. This course aims to answer the question, "How do I improve my brain?" In it you’ll explore strategies to boost your brain power & make better life choices. As much as we'd like to believe that there's one magical trick to significantly enhance the way we think, brains simply don’t work that way. There's no scientific evidence to back up the claims that brain games do that, either. The two vital elements behind brain improvement are Neurogenesis and Neuroplasticity; the creation of new brain cells and putting those new brain cells to good use. Depending on our lifestyles, we can boost the creation and wiring of brain cells, and in this course, you'll learn just what that means and how to implement it in your daily life. While there’s no lack of content when it comes to self-improvement, very few programs attack the true source of the problem: the brain. Because of that, the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle is a one of a kind course designed to rewire who you are so you can maximize your abilities to achieve your goals. By going to the source and changing the way you think, you’re giving yourself a chance to implement real, long-lasting, high-impact self-improvement, and who couldn’t use that? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you can type, you can now create a convincing deepfake. Recent advances in artificial intelligence have made it far easier to create video or audio clips in which a person appears to be saying or doing something they didn't actually say or do. Now, a team of researchers has developed an algorithm that simplifies the process of creating a deepfake to a terrifying degree, making a video's subject "say" any edits made to the clip's transcript — and even its creators are concerned about what might happen if the tech falls into the wrong hands. The researchers — who hail from Stanford University, Princeton University, the Max Planck Institute for Informatics, and Adobe — detail how their new algorithm works in a paper published to Stanford scientist Ohad Fried's website this week. First, the AI analyzes a source video of a person speaking, but it isn't just looking at their words — it's identifying each tiny unit of sound, or phoneme, the person utters, as well as what they look like when they speak each one. There are only approximately 44 phonemes in the English language, and according to the researchers, as long as the source video is at least 40 minutes long, the AI will have enough data to gather all the pieces it needs to make the person appear to say anything. After that, all a person has to do is edit the transcript of the video, and the AI will generate a deepfake that matches the rewritten transcript by intelligently stitching together the necessary sounds and mouth movements. Based on the video showing the new algorithm in action, it appears best suited for minor changes — in one example, the researchers demonstrate how the AI can replace "napalm" in the famous "Apocalypse Now" quote, "I love the smell of napalm in the morning," with the far more innocuous "French toast." But even they worry that some might find far more destructive uses for the new algorithm. "We acknowledge that bad actors might use such technologies to falsify personal statements and slander prominent individuals," they write in their paper, later adding that they "believe that a robust public conversation is necessary to create a set of appropriate regulations and laws that would balance the risks of misuse of these tools against the importance of creative, consensual use cases." READ MORE: New algorithm allows researchers to change what people say on video by editing transcript [The Next Web] More on deepfakes: This AI That Sounds Just Like Joe Rogan Should Terrify Us All Share This Article 
For nearly 20 years, scientists have debated the viability of an EmDrive, a hypothetical type of engine that could propel a spacecraft without the need for any fuel. If that sounds too good to be true, that's because it probably is — a working EmDrive would literally break one of the foundational laws of physics — but that hasn't stopped scientists from top research organizations including NASA and DARPA from pursuing the tech, because the payoff would be so extraordinary. Now, a team of German physicists is conducting a new EmDrive experiment — and this one could end the debate surrounding the controversial concept once and for all. In 2001, British scientist Roger Shawyer proposed the idea of generating thrust by pumping microwaves into a conical chamber. They'd then bounce off the cone's walls, exerting enough force to power spacecraft." The problem is that this would essentially be creating force out of nothing, which isn't possible according to the law of conservation of momentum. Still, a handful of researchers claim they've managed to generate some thrust in their EmDrive experiments — though the amount is so low that it's thus far been hard to say whether the device was in fact generating the thrust or whether it was caused by some outside influence, such as the Earth's magnetism or seismic vibrations. To clear up the controversy, the team from Technische Universität Dresden has built a super-sensitive instrument for measuring thrust that they believe to be immune to the outside interference plaguing other studies. They plan to publish the latest results of their EmDrive experiments in the journal Acta Astronautica in August, according to a new Wired profile of their work, and lead research Martin Tajmar told the publication he thinks we might be just a few months away from finally putting the EmDrive debate to bed.  READ MORE: A MYTHICAL FORM OF SPACE PROPULSION FINALLY GETS A REAL TEST [Wired] More on EmDrive: China Claims It's Made the Impossible EmDrive Possible Share This Article 
On Monday, someone did the seemingly impossible: Dethroned "Jeopardy!" legend James Holzhauer, the professional sports bettor from Vegas whose gargantuan run at the show broke brains and shattered records. The kingslayer? Chicago librarian Emma Boettcher, who wrote her master's thesis on deep learning and "Jeopardy!" And we found it. Boettcher's 2016 paper, titled "Predicting the Difficulty of Trivia Questions Using Text Features," was her master's thesis for the School of Information and Library Science at UNC Chapel Hill. On "Jeopardy!", the writers on the show rate the difficulty of their clues in dollar-value increments: $200, $400, $600, and so on. In her paper, Boettcher set out to see if she could use a machine to rate the difficulty of questions using machine learning. And to do so, she set out to evaluate two factors: 1. Readability. By which she means: How easy or difficult is a given "Jeopardy!" clue to understand, or parse out? As you know if you're a sentient human, "Jeopardy!" clues are written as answers, and contestants have to provide the questions. This makes it different — and more difficult — than normal trivia game shows, where contestants would be asked something like "What's the greatest emergent technology website on the Internet?" and give a simple answer ("Futurism dot com"). On Jeopardy, they're given a category ("WEBSITES") and a corresponding clue ("This Brooklyn-based upstart publication might not cover fascist Italian art movements, but would be a favorite of a Delorean-driving Doc Brown.") which they need to respond to with a question ("What is Futurism dot com?"). This makes these clues more sophisticated (and thus, better to test against machine learning) than the average trivia question. 2. Information need. Pretty simple: Do you know the answer to the question? On "Jeopardy!," the higher the dollar value assigned by the show's writer, ostensibly, the more obscure the answer to the question will be. But one group of people's ideas about obscure knowledge might be different to another's. For example, a lot of great "Jeopardy!" champs might be able to rattle off the entire Periodic Table of Elements by heart, but when they face a clue about Miley Cyrus, or hit THE DREADED OPERA CATEGORY, they freeze up. Even better, an example from a recent show: A question about the alter-ego of "Disney Channel teenager Miley Stewart" (Answer: "What is Hannah Montana?") rated $400, while a question about the alter-ego of Ziggy Stardust (Answer: "Who is David Bowie?") rated $2,000. We could argue all day about whether or not it should be easier to know David Bowie or Hannah Montana, but Boettcher's paper sets out to let a machine settle that argument for us. So, Boettcher wrote a text-mining program to evaluate these two factors on a five-point scale, setting out to answer the following research questions: What parts of a clue's text make a "Jeopardy!" clue generally difficult? What parts of a clue's readability make a "Jeopardy!" clue difficult?  What topics contribute to "Jeopardy!" clue difficulty?  And how did she do it? This is where it gets really cool: Using former "Jeopardy!" champion Ken Jennings' taxonomy of trivia difficulty, she scraped two entire seasons' worth of "Jeopardy!" clues from the J-Archive (which collects every single clue on every single episode of the show), and filtered out any exceptions for normalcy (like the high schoolers' and kids' Jeopardy tournaments, because those are just the dumbest). She then took that data, and rated them on length (how many words in a clue), media (if there was video or audio in a clue, which was then stored as metadata), phrasing (how convoluted the phrasing of the clue was), topic (how obscure the knowledge of the clue might be), and unigrams (or data sequences). For the phrasing, she mined the data using Python NLTK, a suite of language processing tools. And for the unigrams, she generated ratings using a piece of text-mining software called Light Side. The unigrams were organized into data tranches: If they appeared in all the clues, some of the clues, or very few of the clues. And what did she find? Though unigrams and topic membership were not shown to be significant features for predicting the difficulty of trivia clues, features relating to media, length and phrases all had significant impact on difficulty. In other words, an increased amount in data would have an increased impact on a "Jeopardy!" clue's difficulty — making it easier. Which sounds... pretty obvious, right? The more forthcoming a "Jeopardy!" clue is — and the more information it gives you — the more likely you are to get it right, no matter the topic or the familiarity with any other element of the clue. What kind of impact could Boettcher's research have outside of trivia game shows? Per her conclusion: This finding may be useful for those studying Tweets or other documents with constricted forms. Similarly, this research has shown that knowing the form of media materials linked to by a text is significant without knowing what the media itself contains, suggesting that for similar projects in text mining, gathering or creating exhaustive descriptions of peripheral media files for similar projects may not be necessary. Basically, in data mining, it might be useful just to forget about the specifics of the data — thus skipping a massive and onerous step in data mining — and focus on the structure/form of the data itself. And we should mention: Boettcher isn't the first "Jeopardy!" contestant to use data mining in preparation for the show. Roger Craig, the guy who held the single-day winnings record for "Jeopardy!" before James Holzhauer came along and obliterated it, also used data-mining while in grad school to prepare for the show — which he claims helped him win. As for whether or not her work helped Boettcher win? Per this conversation between Boettcher and host Alex Trebek on her blockbuster episode of the show: TREBEK: Emma Boettcher! This young lady is a librarian from Chicago who did her master's paper on our show? BOETTCHER: That's right Alex. I ran a series of text mining experiments to see if a computer could predict how difficult a clue was, based on things like how long it was, what words were used, what the syntax was, [and] whether it had an audio-visual elements in it. TREBEK: And what did you discover? BOETTCHER: That it is very hard to do (laughs). Just facts: You still gotta be quick on the buzzer, and know the answers. Which all the data mining in the world won't help you do. Good thing for Emma Boettcher: She didn't need it. Forget the machines, and notch one for the ingenuity of abstract human endeavor — at least until Watson starts talking shit again. With additional research/reporting by Dan Robitzski READ MORE: Predicting the Difficulty of Trivia Questions Using Text Features [UNC.edu] Share This Article 
Microsoft just quietly deleted a facial recognition database of more than 10 million images of around 100,000 people — most of them known celebrities — Engadget reports. The news comes after Microsoft has actively tried to distance itself from the technology. "The world is on the threshold of technology that would give a government the ability to follow anyone anywhere," Brad Smith, the President of Microsoft, warned in November 2018, calling for facial recognition software to be regulated. The company's MS Celeb training dataset was lauded as the "largest publicly available one in the world" when it was created in 2016. It was designed to train tools for image captioning and news video analysis, according to Microsoft Research's paper on the matter. The images were pulled from Creative Commons databases, but the subjects in the 10 million images were not asked for consent, as the Financial Times reports. "The site was intended for academic purposes," read an official statement received by the Financial Times. "It was run by an employee that is no longer with Microsoft and has since been removed." The dataset, along with two other massive and very similar databases hosted by Duke and Stanford University researchers, was discovered by Adam Harvey, a Berlin-based artist and researcher. "Microsoft has exploited the term 'celebrity' to include people who merely work online and have a digital identity," said Harvey in a statement. "Many people in the target list are even vocal critics of the very technology Microsoft is using their name and biometric information to build." READ MORE: Microsoft quietly deletes largest public face recognition data set [Financial Times] More on facial recognition tech: The US Army’s Next Rifle May Use Facial Recognition Share This Article 
We all love binge-watching TV shows. And thanks to the excess of streaming services out there, we have more programing options than ever before. But as you probably already know, quantity does not always mean quality. And when it comes to intellectually stimulating programing, many streaming services leave a lot to be desired. So if you're in the market for a streaming service that provides intelligent, thought provoking content, it's time to start your 7-day free trial of Curiosity Stream. CuriosityStream is the work of John Hendricks, who founded the Discovery Channel. It's an online streaming platform like Netflix, but it's entirely devoted to non-fiction and documentaries dealing with science, technology, nature, and history. It's similar to old-school basic-cable programming you'd find on the History Channel or TLC before reality TV came along and dumbed everything down. The Curiosity Stream library is currently home to more than 2,400 shows, with new shows being added all the time. And since your first week is currently free, there's never been a better time to check it out for yourself. Once your free week ends, Curiosity Stream will remain a bargain if you chose to continue. Plans start at $2.99 a month, or you can get it even cheaper by spending $19.99 for a whole year -- not a bad price to explore the universe, from the depths of the oceans to the outer reaches of space, from Earth’s prehistoric past to its possible far future. Sounds pretty lofty for less than 20 bucks a year, right? Maybe you’re in a more practical mood, in which case you’ll be pleased to find out that CuriosityStream also delivers in terms of streaming platform fundamentals. It’s available on pretty much every major device you’re likely to want to use it on, including Apple and Android tablets, LG, Sony, Vizio, and Samsung smart TVs, and streaming devices like Apple TV, Roku TV, Amazon Fire TV, Chromecast, and even the Xbox One. And if you’re a videophile, CuriosityStream has you covered, too, with its upgraded 4K streaming plan. It goes for $9.99 a month or $69.99 a year, thanks in part to limited advertising that will never interrupt programs in progress. And with no geographic restrictions whatsoever, you can enjoy all of Curiosity Stream’s generous programming catalog -- including series like The Secrets of Quantum Physics, The Rise and Fall of T-Rex, Stephen Hawking’s Favorite Places, and many, many more -- wherever you go on Earth, as long as you have internet access. So if you're in the mood for a streaming service that provides quality, thought provoking content, click here to begin your 7-day free trial of CuriosityStream. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Here at Futurism, we like to dive deep into the latest technologies. Partnering with IBM, we’re excited to invite you to this one-day-only event on June 5th: Your clouds can 2019. This isn’t an auditorium of seating with a keynote speaker on stage. Attendees will journey to four company headquarters, going behind closed doors, meeting with CEOs, discussing culture and process, data-driven solutions, and frontier technologies. Attendees will be guided through four incredible companies who are leading innovation across multiple business sectors. These experiences are not available anywhere else. We’re exclusively inviting a small cohort to explore the culture, mindset, and decision processes of the following companies: While any business and all leadership teams will benefit from the hands-on learnings and IBM Garage design thinking processes in this immersive conference, the programming and participants we’ve selected will directly speak to sectors including retail, travel, CPG, and B2C products. This conference is a unique opportunity – not just to network with your peers who are working to leverage technology across their businesses, but also to meet, face-to-face, with the leaders of some of NYC’s most innovative companies working with data-driven technology.  These business executives are transforming how data is collected and analyzed, how brands communicate with consumers, scale opportunities, and deliver new ventures and new products. At this immersive, daylong experience, we will hear directly from the CEOs and CMOs. We believe it’s in these candid conversations, forums, and workshops where attendees will find not just the inspiration, but also the case studies and the tools for leveling up their approach to business development. At Your Clouds Can 2019, we are getting a glimpse into the future, yes. But perhaps more so, we’re getting a full download and honest dialogue about how these decision makers are using data-driven technology to inform their business goals and actions.  This is happening now. And through Futurism + IBM, you’re invited to join. Meet Jake Bronstein Head of Innovation at BuzzFeed, Randy Shepherd Head of Engineering at Giphy, Nigel Travis Chairman at Dunkin' Brands, among other executives and leaders from these innovative companies in candid forum-style conversations. While tickets are free, we’re accepting attendees on an apply-to-attend basis to ensure an engaged cohort of guests on this traveling conference. Space is limited, of course, so if you’re interested in meeting and learning from the individuals who are leveraging data and technology for new and developing businesses, then apply today to attend Your Clouds Can 2019. Not everyone gets to be in the room at this special event. But we hope you’ll apply to join the conversation. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with IBM, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When we saw that Agility Robotics had released a new video of its impressive bipedal bot Digit, we were stoked. Then we watched the clip. Maybe we've just gotten spoiled by videos of robots doing backflips, navigating parkour courses, and twerking their robo-tails off, but it's hard to feel anything but, well, kinda bored watching the new demo — Digit literally just strolls around the woods for two-and-a-half minutes while a lullaby of an instrumental track plays in the background. Sure, Digit will do a lot of walking in its new job delivering packages from Ford's self-driving cars. And yeah, the clip does prove Agility Robotics' bot can handle a wide variety of terrain. Plus we really do love its weird spiky hands, so ultimately, the video seemed worth sharing — but we saw an opportunity to have a little fun at Digit's expense in the process. To that end, the Futurism editorial team came up with these headlines we think just might be more entertaining than the video itself: • Watch a Robot Automate Hiking so You Don't Have to • Delivery Robot's Rare Day off Ruined by Nagging Paparazzi • This "Lord of the Rings" Reboot Looks Terrible • Walking Robot Seems Exhausted by Idea of Walking Robots • New Robot Hikes, Eats Just the M&Ms out of Trail Mix • We Followed This Robot in the Woods. What Happened Next Will Lull You to Sleep. • See What Happens When a Dog Walker Robot Forgets Dog at Home • Robot Shirks Convention, Leaves Behind Perils of Urban Society to Embrace Nature • Check This Out: Headless Robot Searches Woods for HOURS for Human Brain He Stole, Lost During Nature Hike • Cool Robots Can Jump, Run, and Backflip. This One Walks Really Well. • Watch: Robot Handles Varied Terrain Better Than Most NYC Residents • Robots Are Stealing Tranquil Walks in Nature • Famous Robot Actor Tapped for Newest "Blair Witch Project" Sequel • Robot's Tranquil Forest Walk Disrupted by Rude Camera Crew • Bipedal Robot Goes for a Walk. Nothing Happens. READ MORE: Digit: Concrete to Countryside [YouTube] More on Digit: This Two-Legged Robot Will Deliver Packages via Self-Driving Fords Share This Article 
In 1935, physicist Erwin Schrödinger concocted a thought experiment to illustrate a pair of strange quantum physics phenomena: superposition and unpredictability. The experiment became known as Schrödinger’s cat, and for more than 80 years, it's served as a cornerstone of quantum physics. But in a newly published study, a team of Yale scientists essentially destroys the premise at the center of the experiment — groundbreaking work that could finally allow researchers to develop useful quantum computers. Schrödinger’s cat might be the most famous feline that never lived. Or that never died, depending on your perspective. In the thought experiment, the cat is sealed in a box along with a tiny bit of a radioactive substance that may or may not lose a single atom to decay over the course of an hour — either possibility is equally likely. The box also contains a flask rigged to release a poison if the atom does decay. How this tortuous thought experiment relates to quantum physics lies in that uncertainty: there's no way to know if the cat is alive or dead at any point within the hour. It's theoretically both alive and dead — until someone opens the box and directly observes the cat. That's quantum superposition in a nutshell: a quantum system can exist in two states simultaneously, making a random quantum "jump" to one state once observed. Predicting when a quantum system will "jump" from one state to the other is impossible — or at least that's what experts thought until Monday, when the Yale researchers published a study in the journal Nature detailing their discovery of an early warning system for quantum jumps. Using a combination of three microwave generators, an aluminum cavity, and a superconducting artificial atom, the team found it could predict when the atom was about to make a quantum jump — they just had to look for a sudden absence of a certain type of photons emitting from the atom. "The beautiful effect displayed by this experiment is the increase of coherence during the jump, despite its observation," researcher Michel Devoret said in a press release, with his colleague Zlatko Minev adding, "You can leverage this to not only catch the jump, but also reverse it." That ability to reverse quantum jumps is how this new research could help with the development of quantum computers. The basic units of quantum information in quantum computing systems are known as qubits. They're analogous to the bits used in traditional computing, but rather than being a 1 or a 0, a qubit can be in both states simultaneously. Qubits change states in quantum computing systems following calculation errors, and now that researchers have a way to predict these changes, they can more quickly correct those errors and manage the quantum data — making one of the key challenges to creating useful quantum computers a bit less challenging. "Quantum jumps of an atom are somewhat analogous to the eruption of a volcano," Minev said. "They are completely unpredictable in the long term. Nonetheless, with the correct monitoring we can with certainty detect an advance warning of an imminent disaster and act on it before it has occurred." READ MORE: Physicists can predict the jumps of Schrödinger’s cat (and finally save it) [Yale News] More on quantum computing: Quantum State Control Process Could Speed up Computers and Energy Transfers Share This Article 
Did you know what you wear doesn’t just affect what people think of you, but also how you perform? According to research published in Nautilus, what you wear directly influences not only how you think but how well you execute tasks at hand. This is because there’s a correlation between how you look and feel, and how well you can focus. With the Ministry of Supply Kinetic Collection, you’ll finally have business attire that fits and feels perfect on your body. So you can get back to focusing on more important things. Ministry of Supply wants you to never have to worry about how you look, which is why they focus on the comfort and wearability of their items. Their goal is to eliminate uncomfortable, high-maintenance dress clothes by re-imagining them altogether. To do this, they focused on engineering high-performance, comfortable, wrinkle-free apparel. The result is a dress pant like no other. Born at MIT, the brand takes a scientific approach to design by researching the body’s needs. In doing so, Ministry of Supply has invented comfortable apparel like the Kinetic Dress Pant that has a one-of-a-kind fit, is sweat proof, and best of all, wrinkle-free. Wrinkle-Free Fabric Say goodbye to pricey trips to the dry cleaners and the time suck of ironing. Thanks to their specially developed Japanese Primeflex polyester, Ministry of Supply’s Kinetic Dress Pants never wrinkle. Ever. This warp-knit fabric has the feel and structure of a woven material, but the breathability and stretch of a knit material. As a result, the Kinetic Dress Pants uses your body heat to naturally release and relax wrinkles within fifteen minutes of wear. Futuristic Design Ministry of Supply has reconfigured cutting edge fashion by rethinking the design of pants. They’ve focused on sharp, classic styles while sourcing materials that synchronize with the human body. This mixture of form meets function resulted in the perfect fit of the Kinetic Dress Pants. Each time you slip them on it’s as though they were designed for your body. By using high-tech fabrics such as Japanese Primeflex polyester, their clothes provide the comfort and ease of athletic-wear while giving the appearance of business-appropriate attire. Sustainable Fashion Factors like fast fashion contribute to 14.3 million pounds of clothing being thrown away each year in the US. Ministry of Supply is working to reduce that number by creating durable garments like the Kinetic Dress Pant that will have a longer lifespan both physically and aesthetically. Additionally, they’re committed to keeping their environmental footprint as small as possible. To accomplish this they’ve implemented techniques such as 3D Print-Knit. With it, Ministry of Supply is able to reduce cutting scrap waste by over 30 percent. If what you’re looking for a high-tech solution to ending the uncomfortable feeling of being stuck in business-attire, look no further than the Kinetic Dress Pant from Ministry of Supply’s Kinetic Collection. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
New York's Lockport City School District (CSD) was all set to become the first public school district in the U.S. to test facial recognition on its students and staff. But just two days after the school district's superintendent announced the project's June 3 start date, the New York State Education Department (NYSED) attempted to put a stop to the trial, citing concerns for students' privacy. Still, it's not clear whether the department has the authority to actually put the project on hold — the latest sign that the U.S. is in desperate need of clear-cut facial recognition legislation. On Tuesday, the Lockport Union-Sun and Journal published a story detailing Lockport CSD's facial recognition plans. In September 2018, it spent $1.4 million on a new surveillance system powered by SN Technologies' Aegis software suite. The software is designed to scan faces, check them against a database, and alert school officials if it detects a "flagged person" — which, according to the newspaper, could be anything from a suspended student to a known sex offender. In addition to scanning faces, the software is also designed to detect 10 types of guns. Lockport CSD planned to test the system this summer so it would be ready for wider implementation on Sept. 1. However, on Thursday, the NYSED reportedly asked the school district to delay the project's launch. "The Department has not come to the conclusion that the District has demonstrated the necessary framework is in place to protect the privacy of data subjects and properly secure the data," NYSED officials wrote in a statement to BuzzFeed News. "As such, it is the Department’s continued recommendation that the District delay its use of facial recognition technology." In the Lockport Journal's story, Superintendent Michelle Bradley said the district told state education officials in early May of its plans to start testing the facial recognition system and never heard back, which makes it seem like the district didn't think it needed the NYSED's blessing to move forward with the project. The wording of the NYSED's latest statement — "continued recommendation" — supports this, suggesting that the department might not actually have the ability to stop the district from using facial recognition on students if it wants to. Bradley could probably clear this up, but she has yet to publicly respond to the NYSED statement. However, based on what she told the Lockport Journal on Tuesday — "I would say for the Lockport City School District, while it’s controversial, it’s not prohibited" — the project might still launch on Monday. READ MORE: The First Public Schools In The US Will Start Using Facial Recognition Next Week [BuzzFeed News] More on facial recognition: Police Are Using Facial Recognition Tech on Unconscious Suspects Share This Article 
In an attempt to prevent artificial intelligence-generated fake news from spreading across the internet, a team of scientists built an AI algorithm that creates what might be the most believable bot-written fake news to date — based on nothing more than a lurid headline. The system, GROVER, can create fake and misleading news articles that are more believable than those written by humans, according to research shared to the preprint server ArXiv on Wednesday — and also detect them. "We find that best current discriminators can classify neural fake news from real, human-written, news with 73% accuracy, assuming access to a moderate level of training data," the researchers wrote in the paper. "Counterintuitively, the best defense against Grover turns out to be Grover itself, with 92% accuracy." In other words, the algorithm is apparently able to detect AI-written fake news better than any other tool out there. But in the wrong hands, GROVER could fill the internet with dangerous propaganda and misinformation. To help prevent fake news from taking hold, the University of Washington scientists who built GROVER announce in their research that they plan to release the tool to the public — a stark difference from the OpenAI team that refused to release the full version of its similar algorithm, GPT-2. The algorithm can analyze more aspects of a news article than other tools, including not only the body of the article but also the headline, publication name, author name, and other details that could indicate foul play. But that attention to detail also means that someone could use GROVER to create fake news of their own. The study demonstrates how easily GROVER can churn out a news article falsely asserting that vaccines are linked to autism spectrum disorder, for instance, written in the distinctive styles of specific news outlets like The Washington Post, TechCrunch, The New York Times, and Wired. People who read GROVER's articles found them more convincing than those written by humans, according to the study. Writing in the style of The NYT's science section, GROVER generated not only a headline, but also an author's name and the opening of a news article that attributes a link between vaccines and autism to scientists from UC San Diego and the federal government: Those who have been vaccinated against measles have a more than 5-fold higher chance of developing autism, researchers at the University of California San Diego School of Medicine and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report today in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health. In another example, the researchers demonstrate how GROVER can refine its output over time to better match a specific publication. They feed it with a headline about vaccines causing autism and tell it to match Wired's style. GROVER uses that headline to write a full article, then goes back and refines the headline to make it look like something that Wired would publish. The researchers also included other fake articles in the style of The Washington Post claiming that Donald Trump had been impeached based on new evidence from the Mueller Report: WASHINGTON — The House voted to impeach President Donald Trump Wednesday after releasing hundreds of pages of text messages that point to clear evidence of obstruction of justice and communication with the head of the Trump Organization about a potential business deal in Russia," the article reads. The 220-197 vote came after weeks of debate over whether new evidence released by special counsel Robert Mueller's office signaled sufficient grounds for Trump's removal from office. The president personally denounced the move, announcing his intent to veto the resolution and accusing Democrats of plotting to remove him from office through a "con job." The scientists concede that releasing GROVER to the world could be dangerous, but maintain that it's still the best line of defense against algorithmic propaganda, even that created by GROVER itself. More on misinformation: This Site Tests Whether You Can Spot AI-Generated Faces Share This Article 
NASA is preparing for its future moon exploration program by sending astronauts to another inhospitable environment: the depths of the ocean. This summer, NASA astronauts will join an international diving crew in a special underwater laboratory under the Atlantic to prepare astronauts for the harsh environment of space as well as the lunar and Martian surfaces. The team of astronauts and "aquanauts" will collect data about sleep, body composition, and using augmented reality for navigation while stationed at the Aquarius laboratory some 62 feet (19 meters) below the surface, six miles off the shore near Key Largo, Florida. The Aquarius Reef Base is the only operational permanent underwater research facility in the world. It can fit six researchers and is operated by Florida International University (FIU) — but also used by NASA and the Navy. "The close parallels of inner and outer space exploration will be clearly demonstrated during this undersea mission, " NEEMO Project Lead Bill Todd said in a statement. "In the interior of Aquarius, aquanauts and astronauts will tackle an array of experiments and human research related to long duration space travel." NASA is gearing up for a very aggressive timeline to return Americans to the surface of the Moon. But budget troubles are putting the 2024 Moon mission in jeopardy. READ MORE: Astronauts Are Heading Under the Sea to Test Moon Mission Tech [Space.com] More on NASA's Moon mission: NASA’s Moon Mission Leader Just Quit After Only Six Weeks Share This Article 
Despite years of research, scientists have yet to realize the dream of usable nuclear fusion — but at least many still believe they'll eventually succeed. Not so for cold fusion, a hypothetical energy source that would occur at room temperature. On Monday, Google shared the disheartening results of a multi-year, multi-million dollar research project into the phenomenon in the journal Nature — and, though the project wasn't a total defeat, the new research all but kills the hope that cold fusion could one day power our world. Nuclear fusion occurs when two atomic nuclei merge into one, an event that produces a tremendous amount of energy. It's the process that powers our Sun and many other stars, and if we could find a way to harness it, fusion could provide us with a near-limitless supply of clean energy. The problem is that fusion has thus far proven impossible to replicate in a stable way here on Earth without expending more energy than the process produces. As enticing as nuclear fusion is, cold fusion would be an even bigger boon for researchers, because it would allow us to harness the power of fusion under safer and cheaper conditions. And in 1989, a pair of scientists claimed they'd successfully induced cold fusion, giving hope that the alluring form of energy was within humanity's grasp. Unfortunately, their research was soon debunked. Still, the dream of cold fusion lived on. And in 2015, Google decided the phenomenon deserved a rigorous investigation. To that end, the company awarded $10 million in funding to about 30 researchers in labs across the globe, asking them to revisit three proposed experiments for cold fusion. Those researchers published a dozen individual papers in the years since, but Monday's Nature piece sums up the findings of Google's investigation into cold fusion: there's "no evidence whatsoever" the phenomenon exists. That news may be disheartening, but as noted by a Nature Editorial, Google's investment wasn't for naught. "The project has produced materials, tools and insights — such as calorimeters that operate reliably under extreme conditions, and techniques for producing and characterizing highly hydrided metals — that could benefit other areas of energy and fusion research," the piece reads. "But whether the spin-off benefits alone justify continued efforts and investment in pursuit of a probable pipe dream is another matter. Opinions are split." READ MORE: Google revives controversial cold-fusion experiments [Nature] More on fusion: Scientists Have a New Idea to Make a Fusion Reactor Practical Share This Article 
If you’ve recently found yourself spending too much time looking at memes on your phone, or you’ve noticed you are becoming unnervingly familiar with Netflix’s back catalogue of obscure conspiracy theory documentaries, it might be time to find a new hobby. Preferably one that’s not going to rot your brain. And if you happen to have an interest in science and technology, you probably won’t find a cooler hobby than Creation Crate's Arduino-based project kits. Creation Crate is a monthly subscription box service for tech lovers. Instead of sending you a bunch of shaving products or random collectibles you don’t really need, they send you a hobby kit that teaches you coding and electronics using Arduino's open-source micro-controller boards. The goal at Creation Crate is to provide foundational literacy in coding and electronics in a fun and engaging way. Every month they send you a new project that involves building hardware and programming software using the Arduino platform. Each project is slightly harder than the last and builds on the skills you’ve already learned. And everything you need comes in the box, including an Uno R3 Arduino board, written instructions, and a password that gives you access to Creation Crate’s online tutorials. Of course, the most obvious benefit of learning coding and electronics is that these are essential skills for the 21st century. Every convenience of modern life, from ordering an Uber to checking the weather on your phone, is only possible thanks to lines and lines and lines of code. And understanding how it all works is key to remaining relevant. However, there are also benefits to coding beyond the need to stay employable. Coding also teaches and reinforces a number of valuable life skills and educational habits, including problem solving, creativity, empathy, and resilience, among others. But also, and perhaps most importantly from a hobbyist point of view, making cool gadgets is fun. So who is Creation Crate for? That’s the best part. Creation is designed to be fun and engaging for people of all ages. Though they officially list the recommended age at 12 and up, they also say kids under 12 might be able to build some of the projects with a little parental guidance. Right now, Creation Crate has two “curriculum” to choose from, both of which are fully vetted and certified by STEM.org. Creation Crate’s Standard Electronics Curriculum includes 18 different projects, including, among other things, a mood lamp, a distance detector, an infrared security system, and an FM tuner. All projects use an Uno R3 Arduino micro-controller board and various other components to teach circuitry, programming, and problem solving. The best value for the Standard Electronics Curriculum is the 12-month subscription, which starts at just $22.49 per month. However, you can also get significant savings with the 6-month subscription, which starts at just $25.49 per month. Creation Crate’s upgraded curriculum features 12 projects, and just like the standard curriculum they use an Uno R3 Arduino microcontroller board and various other components to teach circuitry, programming, and problem solving. However, the upgraded curriculum comes with premium components and a free 9V adapter. It also features re-imagined multi-stage projects that use the Creation Crate box to make the projects display-ready. As with the standard curriculum, the 12-month subscription offers the best value. It starts at just $32.49 per month. The 6-month subscription starts at $25.49 per month. If you’re looking for a fun new hobby that will expand your horizons while building some really cool stuff, go sign up for Creation Crate today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In theory, the benefits of retrofitting your home for solar energy are obvious. It’s good for the environment, sunlight is free, and the upfront costs of going solar are lower than ever. What’s not so obvious is whether or not these theoretical benefits are actually worth it near you. After all, when asking yourself, "is going solar near me worth it," so much depends on the architecture features and geographical location of your home, as well as the complex web of laws, regulations, and tax credits in your particular state and municipality. Luckily, with a free cost-benefit analysis from UnderstandSolar.com, figuring out if going solar is worth it near you is as simple as filling out an online form. The solar energy industry has grown exponentially over the last decade. The reason for this stunning growth is not that consumers are suddenly willing to pay more money for clean renewable energy out of a concern for the greater good. It’s that, at long last, going solar actually makes financial sense. Over the last decade, the average cost of installing solar energy systems has dropped a whopping 70 percent, according to SEIA. Various local and federal tax incentives, such as the Federal Solar Investment Tax Credit, usually knock off at least another 30 percent. That means the upfront costs of going solar are lower than ever. When you factor in potential gains in home equity— it’s estimated that every $1,000 saved on annual electricity costs adds $20,000 to the value of your home—plus the projected long-term increases in the cost of conventional energy, an investment in solar energy could very well outperform traditional savings, mutual funds, or even stock portfolios over the course of 20 years. Obviously, that all sounds amazing. But how do you answer the question, "is solar near me worth it?" Simple. You get a free, personalized solar cost-benefit assessment from UnderstandSolar.com.  UnderstandSolar.com is a third-party solar energy advocate. As such, they do not sell or install solar equipment. Instead UnderstandSolar.com educates consumers, provides free personalized assessments of individual homes, and arranges in-home estimates with top-rated local solar installers. To get started with UnderstandSolar.com, simply fill out their short online form providing some basic information about your home. A customer service representative will then contact you by phone and go over your assessment, explain your financing options, and help you figure out what's right for you. There's never been a better time to invest in solar for your home. So stop asking yourself, "is solar near me worth it," and let UnderstandSolar.com provide you with your free personalized solar cost assessment today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Elevate your leadership potential with Futurism + IBM at this unique, one-day-only traveling experience in New York City. Your Clouds Can 2019 is an immersive journey behind closed doors at some of NYC’s most innovative companies working with data-driven cloud technologies.  This is not your typical conference. Your Clouds Can 2019 will deliver the tools and frameworks that drives impact for leaders and decision makers. This isn’t about what you could do, but what you can do. After our full day of visits, discussions, and design thinking workshop, attendees will not only be inspired, but equipped with new tools they can utilize the very next day. If you’re working in retail, travel, CPG, or B2C products, your takeaways from Your Clouds Can 2019 will be immediately actionable, both in business and leadership. Though every industry can benefit from this daylong conference. At Your Couds Can 2019, attendees will be guided through experiences at four trailblazing companies actively changing the landscape in their industries. After meeting for breakfast, we’ll first visit CAMP, a new toy store operating at the intersection of commerce, media, and play. Then, we’ll move to LivePerson, and learn how their an AI-powered conversational platform is changing the way consumers and brands communicate. Following lunch, we’ll explore the culture and data-driven decision making at BuzzFeed, and then conclude the conference at Betaworks, a startup platform designing community at their new membership club for builders. We understand that leadership schedules are hectic. This is why we’ve hand-selected these companies and built no-frills agenda, packed with discussions and real life case studies. Attendees will meet with the CEOs, CMOs, and CTOs of these frontier businesses. Together, we’ll discuss not only the future for tech in business but also how these executives are employing these technologies today, right now. And how you can too. Attendees will also experience and participate in the IBM Garage method, a unique design-thinking, prototyping, hands-on experience. In this method, clients and participants sit side by side with IBM industry experts, designers, and developers to incorporate user feedback in real time to build solutions in days or hours—and scale them in weeks. This is where the magic happens.  The Garage is about co-creating, co-developing new processes, technologies, and organizations, in real time, with specialized experts. This is why it’s also important that we are hand-selecting not only our innovation leaders, but also our attendees. Tickets are free but space is limited. When you’re ready, please complete the application here. After attending Your Clouds Can 2019, you will walk away with the knowledge and real-life case studies that will directly empower your business decisions and give your leadership and edge among your organization and markets.  This is not just an inspirational experience. This is hands-on learning behind closed doors. Level-up with some of today’s most innovative leaders and decision-makers at Your Clouds Can 2019, in NYC on June 5th, 2019. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with IBM, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Man's best friend may be great at pulling a sled, but a manmade best friend can pull an entire airplane. A little over a month has passed since we witnessed a pack of Boston Dynamics robot dogs pulling a truck. Now, researchers at Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia (IIT) have announced a new version of their hydraulic, quadrupedal robot, HyQReal — and what better way to show off the bot's capabilities than by pulling a three-ton airplane. Have a look! The new quadruped robot #HyQReal tested by pulling 3 tons airplane. Realized by Dynamic Legged Systems Lab @IITalk @Moog_Industrial @GenovAeroporto @PiaggioOfficial.  #ICRA2019 #robot #robotics #technology #TechnologyNews #Engineering #futuretech #HighTech pic.twitter.com/QrF1JnlUWZ — IIT (@IITalk) May 23, 2019  Though the same height as SpotMini, HyQReal is three times heavier than its nimble cousin. The former stands at 84cm and weighs 30kg (approx. 2.75ft and 66lbs) while HyQReal is 90 cm tall, and weighs 130kg (approx. 2.95ft and 286lbs.) That's because the beefy bot is being developed by IIT to aid in disaster scenarios like fires. "We are not targeting the first response yet," Claudio Semini, project leader at IIT's Dynamic Legged Systems lab said in an email to CNET, "but support in the aftermath of a disaster. Bringing sensors into unsafe areas, manipulating and moving objects, opening doors, etc." While pulling the immense weight of a three-ton plane is impressive, the capability depends more on the rolling resistance of the aircraft's tires than its overall weight. Still, it's a testament to the capability of HyQReal to take on heavy-duty tasks. At the end of the day, if it takes a pack of robot dogs to pull a truck and one robot dog to pull an airplane, perhaps it's time we started treating robots and AI more nicely before we end up regretting it. READ MORE: The new quadruped robot HyQReal tested by pulling 3 tons airplane [EurekAlert] More on Robot Dogs: Watch a Pack of Boston Dynamics’ Creepy Robot Dogs Pull a Truck Share This Article 
We already knew humans could make biased AIs — but the United Nations says the reverse is true as well. Millions of people talk to AI voice assistants, such as Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa. When those assistants talk back, they do so in female-sounding voices, and a new UN report argues that those voices and the words they're programmed to say amplify gender biases and encourage users to be sexist — but it's not too late to change course. The report is the work of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), and its title — "I’d blush if I could" — is the response Siri was programmed in 2011 to give if a user called her a "bitch." According to UNESCO, that programming exemplifies the problems with today's AI assistants. "Siri’s submissiveness in the face of gender abuse — and the servility expressed by so many other digital assistants projected as young women — provides a powerful illustration of gender biases coded into technology products," the report's authors wrote. It was only after UNESCO shared a draft of its report with Apple in April 2019 that the company changed Siri's response to "I don’t know how to respond to that." The fact that Apple was willing to make the change is encouraging, but that's just one phrase uttered by one assistant. According to UNESCO's report, to truly make a difference, the tech industry will need to enact much more comprehensive changes. A good starting place, according to the authors, would be for tech companies to hire more female programmers and stop making their assistants female by default, instead opting for gender-neutral voices. "It is a 'Me Too' moment," Saniye Gülser Corat, Director of UNESCO's Division for Gender Equality, told CBS News. "We have to make sure that the AI we produce and that we use does pay attention to gender equality." READ MORE: Is it time for Alexa and Siri to have a "MeToo moment"? [CBS News] More on biased AI: A New Algorithm Trains AI to Erase Its Biases Share This Article 
An international team of scientists has built a superconductor that functions at 250 Kelvin, or -23 degrees Celsius — or just-9 degrees Fahrenheit. That's a few degrees colder than the chilliest winter day in Florida history, but it's nearly 50 Celsius degrees (84.6 Fahrenheit degrees) hotter than the previous record high for superconductivity — and it puts the "holy grail" of energy transmission almost within our reach. First discovered in 1911, superconductors are devices that can conduct electricity with zero resistance. Because none of the energy is lost during the transmission process, superconductors could allow us to generate electricity in one place — a solar farm in a sunny region of the U.S., for example — and send it all over the place without wasting any. The problem is that scientists have yet to create a practical superconductor — the devices all require extreme conditions, such as freezing cold temperatures and incredibly high pressures, which limits their usefulness. That's why scientists across the globe are on the hunt for a superconductor that works at room temperature — and this new study, published on Wednesday in the journal Nature, represents a giant leap forward in that effort. In it, the scientists describe how they created a type of material called a lanthanum superhydride. By placing enormous pressure on a bit of the material, they were able to coax it to act as a superconductor at the record-high temperature. "Our next goal is to reduce the pressure needed to synthesize samples, to bring the critical temperature closer to ambient, and perhaps even create samples that could be synthesized at high pressures, but still superconduct at normal pressures," researcher Vitali Prakapenka from the University of Chicago said in a news release. READ MORE: Scientists break record for highest-temperature superconductor [University of Chicago] More on superconductors: US Military Files Patent for Room-Temperature Superconductor Share This Article 
For a $1.2 million dollar bid, you could own a 2008 Samsung laptop containing six of the most infamous computer viruses in history. The infectious computer is an art project titled "The Persistence of Chaos," created in collaboration between Chinese internet artist Guo O Dong — known for previous projects like HiPSTER ON A LEASH — and cybersecurity company Deep Instinct, which provided the malware and technical expertise to execute the work in a safe environment. In an interview with VICE, Guo explained the reasoning behind his creation as "a kind of bestiary, a catalogue of historical threats." "Malware is one of the most tangible ways that the internet can jump out of your monitor and bite you," Guo told VICE. "These pieces of software seem so abstract, almost fake with their funny, spooky names, but I think they emphasize that the web and IRL are not different spaces." All together, the six pieces of malware — ILOVEYOU, MyDoom, SoBig, WannaCry, DarkTequila, and BlackEnergy — have caused $95 billion dollars in damages worldwide, attacking millions of users and targeting banks, government institutions, and average people. Guo teamed with Deep Instinct to make sure the powerful malware running on the computer can't spread. The laptop is isolated and airgapped, meaning it can't connect to the internet, and once the auction ends, the computer's ports will be completely disabled. Four days remain to place a bid, but make sure you read the fine print before buying: the work could still present a potential security hazard despite the protections put in place, and you have to agree you have "no intention of disseminating any malware." While the clock ticks down, you can view of livestream of the infected laptop running the malware — safely cordoned off with caution tape. READ MORE: A Computer Afflicted With 6 Infamous Viruses Has Passed $1 Million at Auction [VICE] Read more about computer viruses: New Virus Steals Your Files Until PewDiePie Gets 100M Subscribers Share This Article 
If you took a genetic ancestry test through a company like 23andMe, you may want to go back and give your results a second look. That's because as the company gathers more data and learns more about genetic trends, it may update the results for your specific DNA and change around where it believes your family came from, according to STAT News. While it makes sense that these companies would eventually hone in on more accurate results, the shifting reports can be a rude shock to people who used the app to figure out their personal identity — only to find, like 23andMe user Leonard Kim, that the results later shift without warning. "People in general, we have so much of our story that we use to define who we are, and when you have it all come together and then shatter apart, it puts you in this strange place," Kim told STAT. “It’s like, OK, so what’s my real identity?” Genetic ancestry companies say their tests can reveal crucial information about users' histories. That can give off the understandable impression that genetic tests are more conclusive than they really are. "I think the way the tests are marketed is misleading, because people are led to believe they'll take a test and find out who they are or where they're from, and that is not the way to view these results," genealogist Debbie Kennett told STAT. 23andMe clarifies that test results aren't the same as personal identity, but that doesn't stop people from reading into them. "The bedrock for us has always been the science," 23andMe ancestry division head Robin Smith told STAT. "We try to fixate on what does the DNA tell us. We're clear up front that DNA is not identity. DNA is not culture." READ MORE: ‘What’s my real identity?’: As DNA ancestry sites gather more data, the answer for consumers often changes [STAT News] More on genetic testing: This DNA Testing Company Gave Its Data to the FBI Share This Article 
The Red Planet may not be red for much longer. "Surviving Mars: Green Planet," the second major expansion on Haemimont Games’s 2018 strategy game "Surviving Mars," gives players the tools to turn Mars into a thriving, bustling world — now with the option to terraform the planet with flora, fauna, and breathable air. “It’s not just about getting to the planet,” said Gabriel Dobrev, CEO of Haemimont Games, in the game’s trailer. “It’s also about being able to stay there and to build a big civilization and that requires a much more hospitable place.” The game allows you to gather resources from the Martian surface, build structures and livable domes for the human "colonists" of the planet, and send rockets back and forth to Earth as you develop a thriving Martian civilization. The DLC comes with an additional update, "Project Laika," which introduces animals like llamas and cattle to the hostile planet. Let's just get this out of the way: Everything is harder on Mars. Sand storms threaten to destroy any structures you build, the unrelenting radiation fries human DNA, and the lack of atmospheric pressure would essentially cause your organs to rupture. If you figure out how to survive all that, you might begin to think about colonizing and terraforming the planet. Just like reality, every decision has a consequence: releasing too many greenhouse gasses into the atmosphere will trigger an acid rain and reduce soil quality. If an asteroid slams into the planet or a marsquake strikes, it'll endanger your colony. And that's what we're up against in real life, too. The game mimics reality's challenges and requires patience and hard work to tame the tough planet. But you don’t need to be an expert on terraforming or Mars to enjoy the game: the game has in-depth tutorials to teach you the basics. Terraforming requires a careful balance of the elements: Atmosphere, Temperature, Water, and Vegetation. All must be carefully monitored, with the goal of bringing them closer to habitable levels. Seed the planet's red soil with lichen, brush, and trees, and once the atmosphere reaches breathable levels, you can open up the glass domes and let the colonists take a fresh breath of Martian air. Watching the ant-like colonists building the city alongside Martian mountainscapes is like a meditative experience, all set to the beautiful in-game views of a starry sky. Fans of classic city-building games like "SimCity" will see the planet as a giant sandbox, ready for an expert interplanetary urban planner to step in and turn the red soil into a bustling metropolis. Although the game allows us to imagine a future where the Red Planet turns green, it may be a long time before we achieve that in reality — if ever — but that won't stop astronomers from working toward solutions. Carl Sagan believed the key was melting water vapor from Mars’ polar ice to create "much more clement conditions." NASA continues funding research into potential Martian habitats that could keep the inhabitants safe from the elements. And a more recent plan to increase atmospheric pressure, from Elon Musk, is to release the carbon dioxide trapped in Mars’ surface by dropping nuclear bombs on its poles — which you can try out in the game. But until we get there with science, "Green Planet" can show us what it would be like if Mars were more than an unattainable dream, and to imagine a version of the lush, green planet we find ourselves on now — of our own making. READ MORE: Surviving Mars: Green Planet [Steam] More on terraforming Mars: Scientists Say We Can't Terraform Mars. Elon Musk Says We Can. Share This Article 
For the first time, police in the U.K. are going to have to defend their use of facial recognition tech in court. British office worker Ed Bridges is claiming that South Wales Police scanned his face at least twice without his permission. He believes these scans violated his human rights, an assertion he will present during a three-day court hearing that kicked off in Cardiff on Tuesday — and if the court agrees with Bridges, the ruling could profoundly alter future use of facial recognition tech by law enforcement. Bridges says he first noticed police scanning his face while he was out shopping in Cardiff in December 2017. "I popped out of the office to do a bit of Christmas shopping and on the main pedestrian shopping street in Cardiff, there was a police van," Bridges told BBC News. "By the time I was close enough to see the words 'automatic facial recognition' on the van, I had already had my data captured by it." "That struck me as quite a fundamental invasion of my privacy," he added. Bridges says the second scan occurred while he was attending a peaceful anti-arms protest. With the support of human rights organization Liberty, Bridges launched a crowdfunding campaign to raise money to take the U.K. police to court. "Facial recognition technology snatches our biometric data without our knowledge or consent, making a mockery of our right to privacy," Liberty lawyer Megan Goulding said in a press release. "It is discriminatory and takes us another step towards being routinely monitored wherever we go, fundamentally altering our relationship with state powers and changing public spaces. It belongs to a police state and has no place on our streets.” This is the U.K.'s first legal case on law enforcement's use of facial recognition tech, so if the court agrees with Bridges and Liberty, it'll set a precedent that could shape the future of the controversial technology throughout the nation — and possibly even beyond it. READ MORE: Police facial recognition surveillance court case starts [BBC News] More on facial recognition: Police Said You Could Skip Public Facial Recognition. They Lied. Share This Article 
This is not your typical event. This is not a keynote presentation in a stuffy hotel conference room. Your clouds can 2019 is a daylong, immersive journey through the HQs of some of the most forward-thinking, data-driven innovators in the world.  On June 5th 2019, hit the road with Futurism and IBM as we guide you through a series of planned visits and conversations geared to inspire and discover, through hands-on learning. The full agenda includes customized visits to four innovation companies, including: CAMP LivePerson, BuzzFeed, and Betaworks. These companies—and the executives the attendees will meet—are working with cloud-based tech to take their consumer businesses to the next level. And they’ll show us how. If you are a tech leader in B2C products, retail, CPG, or travel arenas, this event is for you. While our full schedule and programming is not yet available, we’ll be having an interesting group of individuals speaking throughout the day like, Nigel Travis Chairman at Dunkin' Brands, the Head of Innovation at BuzzFeed, the Head of Engineering at Giphy, the VP of Partner Business (North America) at LivePerson, and many more. While Your clouds can 2019 is a free event to those accepted to attend- space is limited and this is an apply-to-attend experience. The event is tailored to business executives, decision-makers, and frontier tech developers interested in discovering practical, real life case studies of cloud-based technologies that can take their business to the next level. With all meals and transportation covered, attendees will meet in Chelsea and begin with breakfast before moving to the first of four onsite visits. There, our traveling cohort of attendees will meet CEOs in a forum format before kicking off an overarching design-thinking approach that we’ll build upon as we learn and discuss throughout the day. Beyond access to leadership that we’ve handpicked to guide these conversations, this event provides a true networking environment for our attendees to collaborate, learn and teach each other through their past experiences and unique perspectives. This is also why we’ve chosen to curate our attendees. As we explore the most innovative data-driven companies working today, let’s do it together, as a group of curious and ambitious decision makers.  Are you interested in joining us on this journey? Do you want to learn how today’s most innovative companies are using data-driven, cloud-based technologies to leverage their decisions and elevate their businesses? Let’s meet the masters, and explore new business technologies together. Apply today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with IBM, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Most of us use a psychoactive drug on a daily basis in order to maximize our mental alertness and wakefulness. That drug, of course, is caffeine. About 90 percent of Americans consume it in one form or another every single day, while at least 50 percent consume more than 300 milligrams. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. Doctors and scientists aren't sounding the alarms about a caffeine epidemic. That said, if we really want our brains work better, our first goal should be providing them with the best possible fuel, not merely pumping them full of stimulants. And when it comes to brain fuel, absolutely nothing beats TruBrain active nootropics. Created by UCLA-trained neuroscientists, TruBrain is a proprietary blend of nootropics specifically formulated to improve focus, enhance verbal fluency, and boost overall mental output. It's designed to help you remember more and create faster. But what exactly are nootropics? Though they are often referred to as “smart drugs,” nootropics are simply nutrients, minerals, amino acids, and other compounds that serve as fuel for neurotransmission. Taking a nootropics supplement will not increase your IQ, and any company that says otherwise is lying. However, what they can do is get your brain to function at maximum capacity. When it comes to nootropics, nobody does it better than TruBrain. Here's a complete breakdown of the active ingredients: Together, the active nootropics in TruBrain do two basic things in your brain. First, they increase blood flow, bringing more oxygen and glucose to the neurons, enhancing their ability to make new neural connections. Second, they make neural receptors in the brain more receptive, which leads to faster and more efficient communication between neurons, allowing your brain to function at a higher level. TruBrain isn’t just theory, either. According to the company, third party clinical trials and EEG brainwave analysis have shown it increases alpha brain wave activity, enhances verbal fluency, and improves memory and learning. And if that's not enough to convince you, there are the hundreds of satisfied customers who absolutely rave about the stuff. Worried about “possible side effects?” Well guess what? There aren’t any. And that’s to be expected, because TruBrain isn’t a mind-altering pharmaceutical. It’s brain food that has a lower toxicity than table salt, vitamin D, aspirin, or cola. Right now you can get TruBrain's game-changing blend of nootropics in either 1oz liquid shots or 45g energy bars, both of which are available through monthly subscriptions. So if coffee alone just isn’t cutting it, and you’re looking for a new way to improve cognitive function, you definitely need to click here to give TruBrain a shot. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists have set their sights on getting humans to Mars — and maybe even terraforming the Red Planet. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk's goal is to send humans to Mars by 2024, and NASA plans to launch astronauts there after the Moon. But despite the resources being funneled into technology to transport us to the Red Planet, we don't yet understand the evolutionary implications the move will have on the human body. In a new interview with Inverse, evolutionary biologist and Rice University professor Scott Solomon thinks it's worth asking what will happen to Mars colonists in the long term — as mutations start to cascade through the gene pool. "What’s interesting to me as an evolutionary biologist is thinking about, what if we’re actually successful?" he asked the site. "I don’t think there has been nearly as much discussion about what would become of the people that are living in these colonies generations later." In January 2018, Solomon gave a TEDx talk in Houston that outlined the evolutionary changes the first Martian settlers will likely experience. After about two generations, he thinks their bones will strengthen, they'll need glasses for nearsightedness, their immune systems will be null, pregnancy and childbirth will be significantly more perilous, and the exposure to radiation—more than 5,000 times the amount we're exposed to on Earth during a normal lifetime, Solomon says—could lead to an influx of cancer. Most importantly, though? Solomon argues that Martians should stop reproducing with Earth-humans. "Evolution is faster or slower depending on how much of an advantage there is to having a certain mutation,” Solomon says in the video. So, if humans on Mars gain a mutation that raises their survival advantage, that's a good thing — but Solomon says they'll be "passing those genes on at a much higher rate than they otherwise would have.” Contact with Earthlings could even be deadly for Martians — and vice versa. Mars doesn't have any microorganisms to carry disease, and so if cross contamination between Earth and Mars is controlled, Solomon explains that all infectious disease could be eliminated — meaning there should be no intimate connection between the two groups. But all mutation isn't bad. Every new baby on Earth is born with 60 new mutations, a number which Solomon says will jump to the thousands on Mars. By mutating, humans on Mars would gain critical, life-saving benefits to cope with the brutal planet: a different skin tone to protect from radiation, less reliance on oxygen to adapt to the thin atmosphere, denser bones to counteract calcium loss during pregnancy. Solomon even suggests that we could use CRISPR to more purposefully design these helpful mutations. Maybe it's sadly ironic. If Earth becomes uninhabitable and we look to other planets for a new home, the only way to ensure the long term survival of the human species might be to become a completely different species. "If we eventually come to inhabit multiple worlds scattered across the gallery, over time, we may see the evolution of a plethora of new human species," Solomon said. "We should recognize that here could be unintended consequences for who our decedents become many generations from now." READ MORE: Near-Sighted Kids of Martian Colonists Could Find Sex With Earth-Humans Deadly [Inverse] Read more about getting humans to Mars: Buzz Aldrin Calls for "Great Migration of Humankind to Mars" Share This Article 
Between 2015 to 2018, at least 200 individuals and groups found themselves the victims of SamSam ransomware attacks. Hackers would use the software to paralyze targets' computer networks — and demand that victims pay a ransom, often in cryptocurrency, to regain access. Some of these targets turned to a company called Proven Data Recovery to regain access to their networks. But according to a new investigation by ProPublica, rather than using the "latest technology" to free the locked data, as the company told clients it would, it often just paid off the hackers — money that may have gone on to fund terrorism. Targets of the SamSam attacks included hospitals and government agencies, so it's easy to see why these victims were willing to hire a third party in an effort to regain access as quickly as possible. However, rather than actually countering the attacks, ProPublica found that the firm would negotiate with the hackers, regularly paying their requested ransoms — and then charging the clients for the payments on top of other substantial fees. It got to the point that hackers would even direct their victims to hire Proven Data, the company's former employee Jonathan Storfer told ProPublica. "SamSam would be like, ‘If you need assistance with this, contact Proven Data,’" Storfer said, later adding that "the weirdest thing was clients would ask us why, and we would have to respond to that, which was not a really fun conversation." In late 2018, the U.S. Department of Justice charged two men with creating and deploying the SamSam ransomware. It's not yet clear what the men intended to use the money for, but they hailed from Iran, a nation frequently accused of sponsoring terrorism. Proven Data's CEO Victor Congiont told ProPublica that the company stopped paying the SamSam attackers after the U.S. revealed they were Iranian, saying that "under no circumstances would we have knowingly dealt with a sanctioned person or entity." However, Storfer thinks the halt on negotiating may have come too late. "I would not be surprised if a significant amount of ransomware both funded terrorism and also organized crime," he told ProPublica. "So the question is, every time that we get hit by SamSam, and every time we facilitate a payment — and here’s where it gets really dicey — does that mean we are technically funding terrorism?" READ MORE: The Trade Secret: Firms That Promised High-Tech Ransomware Solutions Almost Always Just Pay the Hackers [ProPublica] More on ransomware: Hackers Are Holding the City of Atlanta Hostage Share This Article 
Blockchain Week NYC kicked off this year at Fluidity, drawing a sold-out crowd for the second straight year to Weylin in Brooklyn to discuss a wide range of topics including institutional adoption of blockchain technology, decentralized finance, public vs. private blockchains, regulatory policy, and emerging non-financial use cases. Here are five major themes from Fluidity 2019.   Speakers from several leading Wall Street institutions explained how their firms are actively building, testing, and implementing blockchain-based applications and infrastructure to streamline their business models.  Emmanuel Aidoo, Head of Digital Asset Markets at Credit Suisse, noted that relative to other recent technologies (such as cloud computing), adoption of blockchain technology among the broader banking industry is advancing at a comparatively rapid pace.  Other speakers were similarly optimistic about institutional adoption in the near-to-medium term, particularly as the infrastructure necessary to connect with legacy systems continues to be built.   In blockchain technology, DeFi focuses on building a financial system that is more open and accessible than the status quo.  At Fluidity, attendees saw several new products and use cases that are gaining traction.  These include decentralized trading (AirSwap, Uniswap, Kyber Network), crypto “staking” or lending (Dharma, Staked), decentralized banking systems (MakerDAO), and blockchain-based Smart Mortgages (Fluidity), which will be introduced this summer.  On the latter, Todd Lippiatt of Factora noted: “our methodology provides better pricing that is determined solely by the intrinsic credit of the [mortgage] transaction, as opposed to external factors like domestic central bank governance policies and political trade winds.”  Hear More: Don Mosites, AirSwap (Taking Flight) Loi Luu, Kyber Network (Reimagining Exchange) Hayden Adams, Uniswap (Automated Liquidity) Michael Oved, Fluidity (On a Chain)  Tim Ogilvie, Staked (Earning Interest in Crypto) Brendan Forster, Dharma (Decentralized Finance) Greg Di Prisco, MakerDAO (Beyond Banks)   There is an ongoing debate in the blockchain space as to whether certain types of mainstream commerce (including securities transactions) should be transacted on public or private blockchains.  Joseph Lubin, co-founder of Ethereum, offered a persuasive answer for why open, public blockchain networks will eventually win out, arguing that the scale of innovation, interoperability, and standardization possible in open networks cannot be matched by any particular private blockchain.  While some presenters (including Will LaMartin from Symbiont) noted that privacy is critical to securities transactions, others asserted that the mechanisms necessary to protect private data on public blockchains are already being developed, rendering this a temporary concern.  Hear More: Joseph Lubin (The Power of Open Networks)  Panel: Modernizing Securities Infrastructure   Leading thinkers and policymakers offered their perspectives on the state of policy and regulation in crypto, including Caitlin Long (Co-Founder of the Wyoming Blockchain Coalition), Clyde Vanel (New York State Assemblyman), and Pat Berarducci (Head of Digital Assets at ConsenSys). Long made a compelling argument that Wyoming has taken several positive steps to facilitate innovation in the space, while New York remains difficult for building crypto-based businesses. Hear More: Clyde Vanel (The New York Crypto Task Force) Caitlin Long (Wyoming Blazing the Trail)  Debate: Is New York or Wyoming a Better Place to Do Business?   Blockchain is gaining traction in a broad spectrum of other use cases, including the increasing transparency in entertainment production, enabling new forms of engagement in online gaming and acting as a safeguard of property and other rights in emerging economies.  An impressive range of speakers including Richard Haass (President of the Council on Foreign Relations), Barrie Osborne (Executive Producer of the Matrix and the Lord of the Rings), and Fred Chesnais (Chairman and CEO of Atari Group) offered their views on how blockchain can add value in these unique areas.     Hear More: Richard Haass (Geopolitics and Crypto) Barrie Osborne (Applications in Film)  Fred Chesnais (Exponential Growth) As this year’s Blockchain Week NYC wraps up, we look forward to the continued development and adoption of the work and themes on display at Fluidity 2019.  For more information:  https://www.fluiditysummit.com/ The preceding communication has been paid for by Fluidity. This communication is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities in Fluidity or any related or associated company. None of the information presented herein is intended to form the basis for any investment decision, and no specific recommendations are intended. This communication does not constitute investment advice or solicitation for investment. Futurism expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information contained herein, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting from such information.  This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We already knew police were running photos of unconscious suspects and dead bodies through their facial recognition systems. Now, we can add another strange type of input to that list: images of acclaimed actor Woody Harrelson. According to a newly released report, New York Police Department detectives noticed that a suspected shoplifter resembled Harrelson, so when the grainy surveillance camera footage didn't result in any useful matches in their facial recognition system, they decided to try a high-quality photo of the actor. Among the matches Harrelson's photo returned, the detectives saw a man they believed was the person on camera, and they later arrested him for petty larceny — adding to the mounting evidence that police are using facial recognition technology seemingly however they see fit. Harrelson isn't the only celebrity whose photo police have run through facial recognition systems to track down suspects, either. According to the report, which was written by researchers from Georgetown Law’s Center on Privacy and Technology (CPT), police used a photo of a New York Knicks basketball player to track down a similar-looking man wanted for assault in Brooklyn. This use of celebrity photos is cause for concern, according to the researchers, because it goes against the foundational nature of facial recognition systems. "Face recognition is generally considered to be a biometric, albeit an imperfect one," they wrote in the report. "Police cannot substitute one person’s biometrics for another’s, regardless of whatever passing resemblance they may have." Celebrity photos are just one of the many questionable facial recognition inputs police are using during the course of investigations. And that's likely due to the fact that there's nothing stopping them from using the tech however they see fit. Given the serious consequences that can result from false matches, the researchers call for a moratorium on any use of facial recognition technology by law enforcement until the government puts rules in place to regulate the tech's use. "As the technology behind these face recognition systems continues to improve, it is natural to assume that the investigative leads become more accurate," the researchers write. "Yet without rules governing what can — and cannot — be submitted as a probe photo, this is far from a guarantee. Garbage in will still lead to garbage out." READ MORE: The NYPD uses altered images in its facial recognition system, new documents show [The Verge] More on facial recognition: Cops Are Using Amazon’s Facial Recognition Software Wrong Share This Article 
Futurism and IBM have planned something new. Your Clouds Can 2019 is an immersive, mobile, day-long experience in New York City on June 5th. Applications are now open, but space is limited.  IBM and Futurism are excited to share the companies that will be joining us on our exclusive journey into the workspace, culture, and mindset of some of the city’s most innovative companies and leadership. Together, the companies have hand selected these ventures and venues because the work they are doing is truly innovative. Using data-driven, cloud tech and more, these leaders have built products and cultures that speak to the future and leverage business analysis in ways never before seen. Any company can benefit from the tools and case studies we will be exploring, and this immersive conference is custom-built for leadership working in B2C products, CPG, travel, and retail. Meet the four companies we’ll visit on our all-access tour of innovation at Your Clouds Can 2019: It’s not possible to explain how these four companies are shaping the future here. That’s why we’re going to visit them onsite, at their offices, to meet with their executives, and learn about their journeys. Together, we’ll explore their approach to data and how their use of cloud-based technologies has empowered their businesses. Speakers and participants include Jake Bronstein from Buzzfeed, Randy Shepherd from Giphy, and Ted Grulikowski from LivePerson, to name just a few. Only attendees will learn the full list of executives and leadership speaking at this conference. Join Futurism and IBM at Your Clouds Can 2019 to go behind closed doors and meet with the leadership and innovators at these companies for conversations – not keynotes. Designing thinking workshops, not panel discussions. This is something new, and admission is free, though the guest list is being carefully curated.  If you’re interested in attending this one-day-only, immersive experience. Apply today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with IBM, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
San Francisco is preemptively shooting down the use of facial recognition. On Tuesday, the California metropolis' Board of Supervisors voted 8-to-1 to ban its government agencies from using facial recognition tech despite the fact that none of the agencies currently use the technology. That makes San Francisco the first city in the United States to pass such a ban — and the decision could inspire others to follow suit. "I think part of San Francisco being the real and perceived headquarters for all things tech also comes with a responsibility for its local legislators," Aaron Peskin, the city supervisor who sponsored the ban, told The New York Times. "We have an outsize responsibility to regulate the excesses of technology precisely because they are headquartered here." Facial recognition systems are designed to identify a person in an image or video by mapping and analyzing their facial features. That's how they're supposed to work, anyways — in reality, the systems are often incredibly inaccurate, particularly when attempting to identify women or people with darker skin tones. Given the dire consequences that could result from that inaccuracy, it's not surprising that many people — even some of those helping develop the systems — have protested their use by law enforcement and other government entities. Now, San Franciscans won't have to worry about such systems misidentifying them — and they might not be alone for long, either, as Oakland, Calif., and Somerville, Mass., each currently have a facial recognition ban under consideration as well. Additionally, while it's not an outright facial recognition ban, a pair of U.S. senators did recently introduced legislation that would require companies to get consumers' permission before collecting data on them through facial recognition systems. Now that the U.S. hub for technology has decided it needs to keep a tight rein on facial recognition, those initiatives might have an easier time passing — and other locations might be inspired to introduce their own legislation regulating the controversial technology. READ MORE: San Francisco Bans Facial Recognition Technology [The New York Times] More on facial recognition: Employees, ACLU Demand Amazon Stop Facilitating Government Surveillance Share This Article 
A team of engineers from the University of Southern California in Los Angeles built a four-winged flying robot called Bee+, which weighs just 95 grams and sports a footprint smaller than a penny. Harvard researchers built another tiny flying robot, called RoboBee, in 2013. It weighed only 75 grams. But RoboBee featured just two wings, which made its flight far erratic and uncontrolled. Four wings gives Bee+ a way to control pitch and its orientation in space. The biggest challenge the Bee+ team faced to bring the number of wings up to four was the weight of the actuators responsible for making them flap. The researchers came up with a new "unimorph" design that relies on a single strip of piezoelectric material that expands and contracts when a current is sent through it, cutting the weight of the four actuators roughly in half. "The proposed approach has numerous advantages in terms of weight, dimensions, aerodynamics, control and fabrication," the team told MIT Technology Review. A preprint of their research was published to the preprint repository arXiv. There's one huge shortcoming of both the RoboBee and the Bee+: they're technically not drones, as they rely on a tether for an energy source. But once battery technology catches up with nanoscale robotics, the Bee+ could one day take flight all on its own. READ MORE: A tiny four-winged robotic insect flies more like the real thing [MIT Technology Review] More on tiny robots: Watch an Adorably Tiny Robot Go for a Teeny Run Share This Article 
The U.S. Navy is working on new guidelines for its personnel to report sightings and other encounters with "unidentified aircraft," Politico reports. It sounds like a major step toward taking UFO encounters more seriously: the Navy's new process would create formalized guidelines for sailors and pilots alike to report and analyze each one of the encounters. No, this is definitely not the Navy confirming the existence of extraterrestrials, as Politico points out. It's just giving the rank and file a chance to have their encounters examined by military authorities. "There have been a number of reports of unauthorized and/or unidentified aircraft entering various military-controlled ranges and designated air space in recent years," the Navy said in a statement to Politico. "For safety and security concerns, the Navy and the [U.S. Air Force] takes these reports very seriously and investigates each and every report." Rather than ignoring and dumping the data collected during sightings of UFOs and other "unexplained aerial phenomena," as Pentagon officials put it, the sightings would be investigated and studied by personnel — though exactly who gets to review the data is unclear. In 2017, the New York Times reported on a $22 million program by the Pentagon called the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program that allegedly was devoted to the investigation of UFOs. Perhaps the Navy's upcoming guidelines could simply be an outcome of that. READ MORE: U.S. Navy drafting new guidelines for reporting UFOs [Politico] More on UFOs: Former Senator Wants Congress to Listen to UFO Reports Share This Article 
Meat is getting a makeover. For the past few decades, meat alternatives have grown from simple soy-based patties that little resemble meat, to plant-based burgers like the increasingly popular and increasingly controversial "Impossible Burger" that give the real thing a run for its money. In a boost to this growing body of meat mimics, Tyson Foods announced on December 10 that they are increasing their existing investment in Beyond Meat, upping the five percent ownership they acquired last year. The company makes burgers that taste like beef, but are made from plants. Beyond Meat already sells their burgers in over 5,000 stores and over 4,000 restaurants, hotels, and university dining halls. The new funding will be used to triple its production output, feeding a growing hunger for meatless meat: the Wall Street Journal estimated that meat alternatives brought in $700 million in store sales in 2016, and that the market would reach $863 million annually by 2021. Tyson Food's recent investment is part of a much larger movement towards meat alternatives. China and Israel have entered into a $300 million lab-grown meat deal, and Bill Gates and Richard Branson have invested in the future of this technology and concept. From their humble soy origins, current meat alternatives are growing increasingly futuristic with such increased support. In addition to plant-based alternatives , there is a surge of research and interest in the possibility of lab-grown meat. This "alternative" would technically be meat, but grown in a lab instead of harvested from actual animals. As the concept of "lab-grown meat" grows in popularity, different research groups continue to innovate, bringing forth in-vitro, cultured meat. There are efforts now to even engineer food using microalgae — a protein and nutrient-rich concept that is sustainable and responsible in terms of land and resource-usage. There are a multitude of reasons why the future of meat isn't exactly...meat. Scientists are looking to preserve the physical integrity and taste of meat while renouncing its animal origins. This is partially because of ethical concerns that many have about the current nature of animal agriculture — namely, factory farming, which often constrains animals to short, unpleasant, and increasingly antibiotic-filled lives. In addition to ethical concerns, the traditional farming of meat takes up a significant amount of land and resources. The US Geological Suvey estimates that it takes 150 gallons of water to produce just one quarter-pound hamburger. To that end, raising just one gram of beef requires a square meter of land and releases the equivalent of 221.63 grams CO₂. (A single steer weighs over 1,000 lbs, or 453,592 grams, and a single farm can raise hundreds of them.)  As such, meat production is a significant and heavy burden on the environment, and is a contributing factor in the progression of climate change. Hopefully, as newer, stranger meat alternatives are created, these innovations will continue to garner support, and the future of meat will be kind to both our taste buds and the planet. Share This Article 
The technology behind lab-cultured meat products is rapidly advancing. It's possible that we will start seeing these kinds of products being sold right alongside their traditionally farmed cousins. The advent of a more sustainable means of keeping meat on tables has shed new light on the contentious topic of the impact livestock farming has on the environment. According to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), twenty-six percent of the ice-free land on Earth is used for livestock feed production. Further, "[e]ach year 13 billion hectares (32.1 billion acres) of forest area are lost due to land conversion for agricultural uses as pastures or cropland, for both food and livestock feed crop production." Livestock farming contributes to 14.5 percent of all anthropogenic (human caused) greenhouse gas emissions, meaning 7.1 gigatonnes of carbon dioxide are released from the practice. The National Institute of Environmental Health Science estimates that by 2050 livestock populations are expected to double. The environmental impact of traditional meat production is not the only downside of the practice. There are also very serious health concerns involved for both animals and humans. Animals on factory farms are often confined in poor, overcrowded, conditions and are unable to engage in natural behavior. This can lead to illness, physical alterations, or even death. Further, in order to make our meat cheaper by fighting disease and making the animals grow faster, they will be given antibiotic growth promoters. This wanton distribution of powerful antibiotics is one of the leading causes of the rapid spread of drug-resistant bacteria, also known as superbugs. Recently, a superbug claimed its first victim in the U.S. This is an ongoing problem only set to get worse without significant changes. Lab-grown meat products could very well be a major part of that change. The cost of cultivating meat in a lab has dramatically decreased in the last few years. A team of Dutch scientists were able to grow a burger for a total cost of $330,000, and just a few months ago, a company out of the United States called Memphis Meats was able to serve up the world's first lab-grown meatball for the cost of $18,000 per pound. This is of course nowhere near affordable for mass consumption. Both teams believe that the technology will continue to advance rapidly, allowing for products to show up in grocery stores and restaurants within a few years. Instead of cultivating entire animals to harvest their meat, companies are able to simply take self-renewing stem cells from animals and cultivate those in a brewery-like atmosphere. Memphis Meats even states that their facilities will be open to the public much like a beer brewery. The conditions of the labs are also an important factor to show the greater benefits of lab-grown meats over conventional animal proteins. The meats are grown in a sterile environment, thus eliminating the need for antibiotics. Also, the conditions do not allow for the growth of dangerous bacteria such as salmonella or e.coli, making the product even safer. Another aspect of human health that can come from cultured meat is the removal or reduction of saturated fats. Professor Mark Post from Maastricht University was involved in the cultivation of that very first lab-grown burger. He stated, "Stem cells are, in principle, capable of making omega-3 fatty acids. If we can tap into that machinery of the cell, then we could make healthier hamburgers." Since fats are a critical component contributing to meat flavor, texture, and other desirable characteristics such as juiciness, it is important that cultivated meats retain fat content. However, omega-3 fatty acids are much healthier than saturated fats. Still, a balance must be struck as too much omega-3 can cause the meat to have a fishy taste. According to Memphis Meats CEO and co-founder, Uma Valeit, the process by which the company creates its product is responsible for 90 percent fewer emissions. Since growing cells doesn't require acres upon acres of land, the land used to shelter and graze livestock can be reclaimed by nature, at least ideally. Share This Article 
NASA recently announced that its Mars Odyssey orbiter took a tasty snapshot of the Martian moon Phobos using its infrared camera. Since 2001, Odyssey has been dutifully orbiting the Red Planet. Billed as looking "like a rainbow-colored jawbreaker," the colorful images could help scientists determine more about the surface of Phobos and, perhaps, prepare to one day land a spacecraft there. Each color in the image represents a different temperature, and further analysis could help clue NASA researchers into what awaits on Phobos' surface. Odyssey first turned its thermal camera toward Phobos in late 2017, but this is the first time it's caught Phobos during its full moon phase, meaning more light was shed on its surface, resulting in a more colorful photo. "With the half-moon views, we could see how rough or smooth the surface is and how it's layered," said Joshua Bandfield, a senior research scientist at the Space Sciences Institute, said in a press release, "Now we're gathering data on what minerals are in it, including metals." Initial analysis suggests that Phobos contains some iron and nickel. The exact quantity of each could help determine whether Phobos was once a part of Mars or if it formed from chunks of asteroids. While Phobos has long been a target of missions launched by both the Russian space agency and NASA, no craft has successfully set down on its surface. That makes a 2024 sample return mission to the moon planned by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency all the more exciting. Phobos has, in the past, been considered as a possibility for human base building in an effort to aid crewed missions to Mars. Determining the moon's exact makeup would drastically aid in planning such a settlement — and that's what makes these colorful candids even sweeter. READ MORE: Why This Martian Full Moon Looks Like Candy [NASA JPL] More on Mars Missions: Japan’s Space Agency Will Be Going to the Moons of Mars in 2024 Share This Article 
When OpenAI, the AI research organization founded by Elon Musk, created a text-generating AI system called GPT-2, the group said it was too dangerous to be released lest it be used to create propaganda or fake news. Now, thanks to a website called "TalkToTransformer.com," you can use a watered-down version of the algorithm to write your to-do list, draft a new screenplay, or write rambling essays based on a prompt. The results aren't perfect, but by making the algorithm publicly accessible, people could get a better understanding of what advanced AI is capable of and where it falters. The stories that the algorithm tells are often incoherent, introducing and forgetting characters, props, and setting willy-nilly, reports The Verge after kicking the tires. For example, when prompted with sample dialogue among characters from "The Avengers," TalkToTransformer churned out a bizarre scene where "Tony," "Steve," and Thor fumbled over a door handle before Tony asked Steve if he's "Tony the Iron Man." Not exactly the most compelling addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. When prompted with "Futurism.com, best-known for," the algorithm instead wrote a blurb for a book written by a "Mr. Wunderlich." We had some fun with the algorithm, but the real question is over whether the system could be dangerous or misleading. Based on our tests, almost every single result was clearly written by a computer that doesn't quite grasp how language works — fake news-writing AI may be on the horizon, but it isn't here yet. READ MORE: Use this cutting-edge AI text generator to write stories, poems, news articles, and more [The Verge] More on GPT-2: This Site Detects Whether Text Was Written by a Bot Share This Article 
A group of scientists want to declare much of the solar system to be official "space wilderness" in order to protect it from space mining. As The Guardian reports, the proposal calls for more than 85 percent of the solar system to be protected from human development. "If we don’t think about this now, we will go ahead as we always have, and in a few hundred years we will face an extreme crisis, much worse than we have on Earth now," Martin Elvis, senior astrophysicist at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge , Massachusetts,  and lead author, told The Guardian. "Once you’ve exploited the solar system, there’s nowhere left to go." The research will be published in an upcoming issue of the journal Acta Astronautica. It suggests that we could use up as much as an eighth of the solar system's supply of iron — the researchers' proposed "tripwire" threshold after which we'd run the risk of running out of space resources indefinitely — in just 400 years. Numerous private companies have suggested that space mining could further human advancements in space — while turning a huge profit. For instance, U.S.-based mining company Planetary Resources is already planning to look for "critical water resources necessary for human expansion in space," according to its website. And the next generation of human explorers is bound to be swept up by the great promise of space resources as well. The Colorado School of Mines has started offering a PhD program that focuses on the “exploration, extraction, and use of [space] resources." What's less clear is whether humankind has learned its lesson here on Earth. "If everything goes right, we could be sending our first mining missions into space within 10 years," Elvis told The Guardian. "Once it starts and somebody makes an enormous profit, there will be the equivalent of a gold rush. We need to take it seriously." READ MORE: Protect solar system from mining 'gold rush', say scientists [The Guardian] More on space mining: Falcon Heavy Could Make Asteroid Mining a Reality Share This Article 
Jeff Bezos' private space company Blue Origin revealed its long-awaited plans to go to the Moon at a mysterious press event today. Bezos showed off a brand new design of its "Blue Moon" lander, which is designed to carry 6.5 tons to the surface of the Moon. According to Bezos, the Blue Origin team has been working on the design for three years. "A very fundamental long-range problem is that we will run out of energy on Earth," Bezos said at the event. "This is just arithmetic. It will happen." The solution, according to Bezos: look elsewhere for energy sources in the solar system. The lunar lander will fit into the fairing of Blue Origin's New Glenn rocket and will feature a brand new BE-7 engine with 10,000 pounds of thrust. The new rocket will fire test for the first time as soon as this summer. Bezos also confirmed that a modified version of the Blue Moon lander could be powerful enough to carry a pressurized ascent vehicle for astronauts to the lunar surface. A new space on Blue Origin's website describes the lander as being capable of "precise and soft landings" to enable "a sustained human presence on the Moon." Bezos also talked about his futuristic visions of humanity living in giant space colonies modeled after physicist Gerard O’Neill's designs for massive cylinders that could house human settlers by spinning to provide gravity. But launching into space is not only super expensive but very difficult. The news comes just a day after Congress grilled NASA officials over how it failed to come up with plans to get to the Moon by 2024. Blue Origin is officially offering its new lander as an ascent vehicle for NASA's 2024 human landing missions. Bezos confirms Blue Origin will fly people in space this year on New Shepard (but no new announcements so far about those plans.) — Jeff Foust (@jeff_foust) May 9, 2019  Up until the announcement, the only clue as to what the event was about was a cryptic tweet with a picture of British explorer Ernest Shackleton's ship called the Endurance that he explored the Antarctic with. A site near the south pole of the Moon was named after Shackleton — a crater with rims that are exposed to almost continual sunlight. The world's richest person wants to go to the Moon, and that's pretty cool. — Eric Berger (@SciGuySpace) May 9, 2019  Editors note: this story has been updated with additional details. READ MORE: Blue Moon [Blue Origin] More on Blue Origin: Jeff Bezos: In the Future, We’ll Live In “Giant Space Colonies” Share This Article 
In 2017, the sheriff's office in Washington County, Oregon, became the first law enforcement agency to use Rekognition, Amazon's facial recognition tool. Then, for two day in March 2019, the office granted journalists for The Washington Post access to its squad cars and facilities to observe how the technology was transforming cops' operations. What those journalists discovered was that officers were using Rekognition in ways far beyond what Amazon intended, including to identify unconscious suspects, people who refused to identify themselves, dead bodies, and even police sketches of faces — a startling example of how the tech is already being misused by law enforcement in the wild. Amazon advises law enforcement officials to use Rekognition’s results only if the tech is 99 percent confident it has found a match. The company also told WaPo that while running police sketches through Rekognition doesn't violate any rules, Amazon expects the human reviewing the results to "pay close attention to the confidence of any matches produced this way." But according to WaPo's detailed reporting, published Tuesday, the Washington County officers never even see the search-confidence metric when they use the system. Instead, they're presented with the five most likely matches for a search regardless of Rekognition's confidence in the matches — and regardless of whether the input is a photo or a sketch. Long story short, the number of potential problems with the way the Washington County Sheriff's Office is using Rekognition are staggering. AI experts told WaPo that the use of sketches in lieu of photographs could lead to more false matches. Officers might then try to force their investigations to align with those false matches, according to Marc Brown, chief deputy defender with Oregon's Office of Public Defense Service. "You’ve already been told that this is the one, so when you investigate, that’s going to be in your mind," he told WaPo. "The question is no longer who committed the crime, but where’s the evidence to support the computer’s analysis?" Besides the practical issues involved in police following dodgy leads — and then potentially making false arrests — there are also civil rights issues to consider. By using Rekognition on unconscious suspects or those that refuse to identify themselves — an act that is not illegal in the state of Oregon — the Oregon officers are stripping those people of their ability to consent to the scans. Ultimately, if there's one thing to be learned from WaPo's investigation, it's that until legislators start regulating facial recognition, law enforcement officials are going to use the technology however they see fit — even if it means arresting innocent people or violating their civil rights. READ MORE: Oregon became a testing ground for Amazon’s facial-recognition policing. But what if Rekognition gets it wrong? [The Washington Post] More on Rekognition: Cops Are Using Amazon’s Facial Recognition Software Wrong Share This Article 
The Wall Street Journal reports that the CIA and the Pentagon have developed a top-secret missile designed to assassinate a single terrorist by crushing them or slicing them up with sword-like protrusions instead of exploding. The weapon, which officials have dubbed a "Ninja Bomb," can even target individuals in cars and inside buildings. The promise: reduced civilian deaths — and a deadly new precision weapon in the military's arsenal. The weapon is at its base a Hellfire missile — a 100 pound, five-foot air-to-ground weapon used by U.S. armed forces. But rather than exploding, the R9X missile can smash its way through anything in its path "as if a speeding anvil fell from the sky," officials told the Wall Street Journal. Things get even more outrageous: six blades deploy out of the sides of the Ninja Bomb just as it hits to maximize its destruction. The hidden blades even earned it a nickname: "the flying Ginsu," a nod to popular kitchen knives sold on TV in the 80s. The weapon, in development since at least 2011, was even considered as a "Plan B" to kill Osama bin Laden in his Pakistan compound, the Wall Street Journal reports. The R9X was also reportedly used to kill high-ranking al Qaeda operatives in Syria. Both the CIA and Pentagon declined to comment on the weapon to the Wall Street Journal. READ MORE: Secret U.S. Missile Aims to Kill Only Terrorists, Not Nearby Civilians [Wall Street Journal] More on modern weapons: The Air Force Just Tested a Laser Weapon for Fighter Jets Share This Article 
Chris Hughes helped Mark Zuckerberg launch Facebook. But times have changed. In a New York Times op-ed titled "It's Time to Break Up Facebook," Hughes argues that Facebook has gained too much power — and that it should be broken up and regulated. "It’s been 15 years since I co-founded Facebook at Harvard, and I haven’t worked at the company in a decade," Hughes wrote. "But I feel a sense of anger and responsibility." At the middle of Facebook's continued troubles is Zuckerberg, a CEO that Hughes argues has too much "unchecked power" — he can determine what people read, what is hate speech and what isn't — and an incredible amount of wealth that gives him the ability to shut out any competitors by buying them out. Mark has a "unilateral control over speech," Hughes wrote. "There is no precedent for his ability to monitor, organize and even censor the conversations of two billion people." Though Hughes is unusually close to Facebook, he's certainly not alone in calling for accountability for the social giant. His op-ed comes after news of an impending multi-billion-dollar fine from the Federal Trade Commission emerged as a result of an investigation into the way Facebook handled its users' data. Hughes also joins Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), who argued in March that she wants Facebook, Amazon and Google to be broken up. The solution to Zuckerberg's unbridled power, according to Hughes: government regulation. WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook need to be spun out into distinct businesses to create a healthier, more competitive market. Hughes also calls for the creation for a new government agency that deals with tech regulation specifically. "I don’t blame Mark for his quest for domination," Hughes wrote. "Yet he has created a leviathan that crowds out entrepreneurship and restricts consumer choice. It’s on our government to ensure that we never lose the magic of the invisible hand." READ MORE: It’s Time to Break Up Facebook [The New York Times] More on Facebook: InfoWars Made a New Facebook Page One Hour After Ban Share This Article 
One promising aspect of US nuclear fusion research may depend on a common kitchen condiment. To recreate the conditions necessary for fusion reactions, physicists sometimes use something called inertial confinement studies. In this case, that means using gas, frozen inside pea-sized metal pellets, which are placed in a centrifugal chamber and bombarded with high-powered lasers that compress the gas and heat it up to a few million Kelvin. This all happens in a matter of nanoseconds and, according to Phys.org, tends to have an unwanted side effect — the pellets often explode before reaching fusion conditions. In order to take the concept further, scientists need to better understand the physics at play. And that's where mayo comes in. Arindam Banerjee, an associate professor of mechanical engineering and mechanics at Lehigh University, studies the dynamics of materials in extreme environments. He and his team have built several devices to measure forces in inertial confinement studies. One subject of their investigations is the phenomenon of instability between materials of two different densities under extreme conditions, like the pellets and gas, known as Rayleigh-Taylor instability. Banerjee likens it to the air inside a balloon. "As the balloon compresses, the air inside pushes against the material confining it, trying to move out," Banerjee said in a press release. "At some point, the balloon will burst under pressure. The same thing happens in a fusion capsule. The mixing of the gas and molten metal causes an explosion." To understand how molten metal and gasses interact, Banerjee and collaborators looked to mimic the metal. They determined that the material properties and dynamics of the metal at a high temperature are much like those of — drum roll, please — mayonnaise at a low temperature. In the experiments, the team poured Hellman's Real Mayonnaise into a Plexiglass container and subjected it to some of the same conditions as the molten metal. Using a high-speed camera and an image processing algorithm, the team computed the parameters associated with the instability. The results of the study were published today in the journal Physical Review E — a rare example of mayonnaise in scientific literature. Understanding the fundamental hydrodynamics and physics of fusion reactions may indeed require out of the box thinking. By applying a creative mindset, and maybe substituting an ingredient or two, physicists can better model the forces at work in various reactions. Better understanding such forces, according to Banerjee — who's been experimenting with mayonnaise since at least 2015 — could be of value in helping to solve challenges in geophysics, astrophysics, industrial processes such as explosive welding, and high-energy density physics problems related to inertial confinement fusion. READ MORE: Behold the mayo: Experiments reveal 'instability threshold' of elastic-plastic material [Phys.org] More on Fusion Research: Scientists Have a New Idea to Make a Fusion Reactor Practical Share This Article 
Seasoned Pokémon masters likely know the original 151 like the back of their hand. And now, new research reveals how that's possible: brain scans show the region of the brain responsible for storing information about Pokémon. Not only did the neurological Pokédex stay consistent among adults who played the Pokémon games as kids, but it was only responsible for recognizing Pokémon, according to research published Monday in the journal Nature Human Behavior. The Stanford University neuroscientists recruited 11 self-proclaimed Pokémon masters and 11 Pokémon-naïve participants and monitored part of the brain called the occipitotemporal sulcus. The brain region activated more strongly in gamer brains when presented with Pokémon pictures in gamer brains — but indiscriminately activated for images of animals and Pokémon alike for newcomers to the franchise. It turns out that the brains of experienced Pokémon trainers clumped Pokémon together due to their distinct style rather than breaking them down into their component shapes or colors along with images from other categories, according to The Verge. This doesn't mean that, as our genetic ancestors eventually evolved into humans, some weird quirk of natural selection encoded a "Pokémon region" into our brain. Rather, kids who played Pokémon games bombarded their brains with a lot of information that it then had to process and organize. Maybe it makes sense, given that people playing the original Gameboy games would have seen the same images, that all of their brains would have used the same strategy as they tried to catch 'em all. READ MORE: Brain scans reveal a ‘pokémon region’ in adults who played as kids [The Verge] More on Pokémon: Putting Pokémon On The Blockchain Takes Microtransactions To Their Inevitable, Insufferable End Share This Article 
If a world-renowned expert makes a prediction about the future, there's a good chance that they'll be wrong. Historically, scientific evidence suggests that the people best suited to predict future world events are generalists who dabble in all sorts of fields, according to a fascinating new book excerpt in The Atlantic, because they're less beholden to their own biases. On the other hand, people who have built up an impressive but narrowly-focused expertise tend to make less-accurate predictions because they tend to be limited by their own worldviews. One might expect that people who have dedicated their lives to one field of study may be able to predict where that field is going. But data suggesting the very opposite began to emerge after a 20-year experiment beginning in 1984. In that experiment, seasoned experts and academics were pitted up against generalists— people who read voraciously and had a variety of interests — in a contest of predicting near and distant financial, political, and other events. While people tend to gravitate toward confident experts, the generalists crushed the contest, per The Atlantic. People with strong ideologies one way or another all failed to predict the rapid collapse of the Soviet Union because they interpreted evidence through the lens of their own opinions, for example, while generalists were more likely to see it coming. The difference, according to the 20-year study, is that people who dabbled in a bunch of different fields learned from their errors. Meanwhile, the more narrowly-focused experts doubled down on their worldviews, often blaming some small unpredictable variable for their inaccuracy and becoming increasingly confident in their beliefs. As Philip Tetlock, the scientist behind the 20-year study, wrote at the time, "There is often a curiously inverse relationship between how well forecasters thought they were doing and how well they did." READ MORE: The Peculiar Blindness of Experts [The Atlantic] More on predictions: This Site Keeps Track of Elon Musk’s Predictions About The Future Share This Article 
A new Microsoft patent shows how the company might make its Xbox console more accessible to visually-impaired people. The patent describes a new accessory for Xbox controllers that functions like a Braille touchscreen — it'd give gamers a live feed of on-screen text and chat, according to LetsGoDigital. For people with the degree of visual impairments called "low vision," 30 percent report that their vision "notably impacts" their ability to use a computer, according to a study conducted by an online accessibility organization called WebAIM. Almost half of the people surveyed use screen readers, screen magnification tools, or increase the size of text on their computers. But with games, those options aren't available, so people who can see well enough to play the game but not well enough to read the on-screen text generally miss out. The Braille display, which sits on the back of the controller where a person's fingers would already be resting, also lets the gamer type and participate in online chat, and translates voice commands, according to LetsGoDigital. It's worth pointing out that the existence of a patent isn't the same as a real product — though GameInformer speculates that an announcement may be coming at June's E3 conference. The patent was awarded on Thursday but first filed back in October, so there's no telling whether Microsoft changed its plans since then. But given the goodwill Microsoft racked up when it announced its Xbox Adaptive Controller, a simplified controller with two hand-sized buttons and an oversized D-pad for people with physical disabilities, it makes sense for the company to continue pursuing new ways to make gaming more accessible. READ MORE: Microsoft Xbox game controller with haptic braille output [LetsGoDigital] More on Xbox: Sailors Use Xbox Controllers to Operate Part of the Navy’s Newest Attack Sub Share This Article 
Back in 2016, Futurism noted that artificial intelligence was creeping into the world of finance, analyzing market data in real-time to autonomously execute trades for investors. Now, Hong Kong real estate tycoon Samathur Li Kin-kan is suing a company that used one of those trade-executing AIs to manage his account, causing millions of dollars in losses — a first-of-its-kind court case that could help determine who should be held responsible when an AI screws up. According to a Bloomberg story about the case, Li met Raffaele Costa, CEO and founder of Tyndaris Investments, in March 2017, at which point Costa told Li his company was launching a robot hedge fund controlled by a supercomputer named K1. Li expressed interest in the fund, so Costa started sharing simulations with Li that showed how K1 could make double-digit returns on investments. Li was apparently impressed, because he agreed to let K1 manage $2.5 billion, with the goal of eventually increasing that to $5 billion. K1 began managing Li's investment in late 2017, and by the time February rolled around, the AI was losing money regularly — on one particularly bad day, its decisions cost Li more than $20 million. Li pulled his money from the account before the end of that month. Then he filed a $23 million lawsuit against Tyndaris, alleging that Costa exaggerated K1's abilities. Tyndaris' lawyers, meanwhile, deny that allegation, asserting that the company never made any guarantees that the AI would make money for Li. They're now suing him for $3 million in unpaid fees. According to Bloomberg, these lawsuits are the first known examples of humans clashing in court over financial losses causing by an AI-powered trading system. However, it likely won't be the last time we see the judicial system forced to tread new territory thanks to the emergence of AI. The question of who's responsible when AI makes a mistake is already lurking at the edge of nearly every industry dabbling in the technology, from transportation to healthcare to law enforcement. Should it be the person who wrote the code? The person marketing the AI? Or are end users responsible for the outcome given that any new technology is certain to be a bit wonky at first? The outcome of the K1 trial, which is scheduled for April 2020, might finally start to set some legal precedent. READ MORE: Who to Sue When a Robot Loses Your Fortune [Bloomberg] More on AI in finance: The Future of Investing? AI-Run Hedge Funds Share This Article 
Want to leave the store with exactly what you planned to buy? You might want to consider setting your smartphone to "Do Not Disturb." A new study has found that shoppers who use phones for tasks unrelated to retail tend to purchase items they didn't plan to buy or forget ones they did — a startling example of how the ubiquity of mobile devices may be impacting the decision making of entire populations. For the shopping study, which was published in the Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science on Monday, an international team of researchers surveyed 2,520 shoppers as they left a "mass merchandiser" and found that those who used their phones for shopping-unrelated tasks while in the store bought 9 percent more unplanned items. The researchers then conducted an experiment in which they asked 231 participants to watch a video recorded from the point of view of a grocery shopper who placed nine items in their cart, but picked up and put down several others. Some participants listened to a shopping-unrelated phone conversation while watching some or all of the video, and others received push notifications in the corner of the screen. Another group didn't encounter any distractions. The researchers found that the participants who completed the task without any shopping-unrelated phone use did a better job of noting which items from a list of 15 actually made it into the cart than those who listened to the phone call or saw the push notifications. Additionally, participants who self-identified as being more dependent on their phones also performed worse on the task. "Mobile phones are quickly becoming the principal distractor for many consumers and they offer a unique form of interruption," researcher Michael Sciandra said in a press release. "Our findings may influence consumers' attitudes towards mobile phone use while shopping and persuade them to reflect on how these devices impact our lives, both positively and negatively." READ MORE: Using a mobile while browsing the shelves may make shoppers buy more [Science Daily] More on shopping: Five Ideas That Could Save Shopping Malls From Becoming Obsolete Share This Article 
Do you want to learn faster, focus better, solve problems more easily, and generally improve your brain function? Well, years of scientific research in the fields of neuroscience and psychology have yielded a number of strategies, tips, and tricks that can help you realize these goals. And it's easier than ever to master them all with the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle. There are many things you can do to boost your brain power, starting with getting high-quality sleep and providing your brain with the best possible fuel. However, at the end of the day, mental fitness is a lot like physical fitness. It requires extensive training in order to create better habits and reshape your neural pathways. Luckily, the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle is here to help. It features four different online courses with over 20 hours of lessons based on cutting-edge research. Together these online brain training courses can improve cognitive flexibility, maximize the production of new brain cells, and form new habits that will help you help you think faster, learn more efficiently, and focus longer. Did you follow all that? Or did you have to read that last paragraph twice? Either way, maybe you should give the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle a try. Here’s a more detailed breakdown of the courses. This course starts by exploring the cognitive and neurological factors behind learning and memory. Then it provides detailed strategies and advanced techniques that will help you learn new skills faster and more efficiently. This includes skills such as  high-volume memorization, speed reading, and even learning a new language. Your subscription will give you lifetime 24/7 access to 62 lectures broken up into 10 different sections that amount to five hours of content. The Power of Focus aims to help us understand not just our capacity to maintain focus and attention, but also our natural limitations. It examines the underlying brain systems and neurochemicals that affect concentration, as well as the external factors that distract us. Then it provides a comprehensive set of strategies that will help create the right conditions, internally and externally, to help your brain operate at maximum capacity. Your subscription will give you lifetime 24/7 access to 14 lessons that amount to 10 hours of content. Neuroplasticity, or cognitive flexibility, is the ability to “rewire” your brain, excising bad thinking patterns or mental habits and replacing them with good ones. This course explores the science and cutting-edge research behind neuroplasticity, then teaches you how to harness its power and change the way your brain functions from the ground up. Your subscription will give you lifetime 24/7 access to 30 lessons that amount to 2.5 hours of content. Science Based Brain Training, the fourth and final course in this bundle, is all about neurogenesis and neuroplasticity—i.e., the creation of new brain cells and the process of putting them to good use. It starts by teaching you the five pillars of brain health, then teaches you what habits enhance neurogenesis and neuroplasticity as well as what habits inhibit them. Your subscription will give you lifetime 24/7 access to 37 lessons that amount to two hours of content. There are a lot of books and courses out there that promise self-improvement without actually addressing the underlying source of our problems. If you’re interested in real, long-lasting, high-impact self improvement, you have to start from the ground up and change the way you think. And the Supercharged Brain Training Bundle is the perfect place to start, so click here to begin. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Web developer Victor Pontis has had enough of cars in San Francisco — parking spaces, he says, just take up too much space. His idea: turn the prime real estate of parking spots into coworking spaces, complete with desks and chairs, that he called WePark — and charge only the price of a parking meter, which is a fraction of the price of other local coworking spaces. I have set up at 16th and Market and paid the meter a reasonable $2.75 for one hour. Stop by and say hi! pic.twitter.com/qJCJudEWsh — Victor Pontis (@VictorPontis) April 25, 2019  The experiment struck a nerve — especially considering the skyrocketing rent in the Californian metropolis — and picked up widespread press coverage. "Car parking squanders space that can be used for the public good — bike lanes, larger sidewalks, retail, cafes, more housing," Pontis told Vice. "Let’s use city streets for people, not cars." Great first official day of WePark! We had 3 events across the world today: - @valdecarpentrie in France - @graybright in Santa Monica- @VictorPontis + 30 others in San Francisco. (Recap coming soon.) And we hear more are coming soon to a city near you! pic.twitter.com/cGnea3G9VQ — wepark (@weparkweparty) April 30, 2019  Pontis got the idea from a tweet by developer Devon Zuegel, who posted a picture of a specialized bike carrier vehicle that can fit eight bikes in a single parking spot. This mobile parklet fits 8 bikes. With a license plate, it can be legally parked anywhere for the price of parking 1 car. Genius. https://t.co/cFshYA4C1N pic.twitter.com/p6xTfLd5CA — Devon (@devonzuegel) March 29, 2019  WePark has quickly garnered the attention from freelancers across the globe. Its operations have expanded to Santa Monica — and a related event even took place in France. The question remains: is WePark more than a publicity stunt that takes a clear stance against San Francisco's — perhaps even an American — obsession with cars? That's hard to tell. But momentum is growing behind the idea regardless. READ MORE: A Rogue Coder Turned a Parking Spot into a Coworking Space and People Loved It [Vice] More on the sharing economy: People Love Living in Pods So Much They’re Getting Neck Tattoos About It Share This Article 
Personal gadgets known as "hearables," which communicate with the neural signals passing through our ears in order to monitor and interact with our brains, are on their way. Hearables could help us focus on specific conversations, like smart hearing aids, or monitor our brain activity to treat tinnitus. That's according to Poppy Crum, the Stanford University neuroscientist and chief scientist at Dolby Laboratories who coined the term, who recently wrote about the concept in IEEE Spectrum. The emerging tech stands to blur the lines between artificial and biological intelligence, Crum argues — augmenting our thought processes and collaborating with our brains. Other wearables, like Google Glass, were ridiculed for being dorky and potentially creepy. But a hearable could help people isolate specific conversations or monitor neural health without constantly being the topic of conversation by curious passers-by. And the ear is the logical choice for such a connection to the brain, argues Crum. "The ear is like a biological equivalent of a USB port," writes Crum. "It is unparalleled not only as a point for 'writing' to the brain, as happens when our earbuds transmit the sounds of our favorite music, but also for 'reading' from the brain." Based on the progress of various teams around the world, Crum argues that the technology for these wearable brain-computer interfaces could be developed within five years. "When we do, hearables will constantly and silently assess and anticipate our needs and state of mind while helping us cope with the world around us," Crum writes. "They will be our true life partners." READ MORE: Hearables Will Monitor Your Brain and Body to Augment Your Life [IEEE Spectrum] More on wearables: Coming Soon: An In-Ear EEG for Unobtrusive Brain Hacking Share This Article 
In order to study cannabis and its effects on humans, scientists must source it from the National Center for Natural Products Research at the University of Mississippi in Oxford. And that comes with a big downside: it's super weak compared to the stuff you can get on the street, according to Nature. And that's a problem, because it might put U.S. cannabis research results out of whack. Anna Schwabe, a plant geneticist at the University of Northern Colorado, found that the DNA of the stuff U.S. researchers are using looked way more like hemp than what we'd normally call a "drug." Samples from research marijuana also showed lower levels of both tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) — the stuff that makes cannabis psychoactive — and cannabidiol (CBD) compared to what one normally finds on the street. "I personally don’t think they're providing something that’s similar to what any patient could get their hands on," Schwabe told Nature. The crop “doesn’t look like marijuana, it doesn’t smell like marijuana." A preprint of Schwabe's research was published last month in the preprint archive bioRxiv. The Drug Enforcement Administration has yet to approve any institutions — despite hundreds of unanswered applications, according to Nature — to grow marijuana for research other than the University of Mississippi, after announcing in 2016 it was going to allow other institutions to do so. Other researchers in the field still want to study other genetic markers before saying conclusively that the University of Mississippi's hookup isn't good enough for scientific research. But they do agree on one thing: cannabis research would get a whole lot more accurate by giving permission to other institutions to grow their own. READ MORE: Cannabis used in US research differs genetically to the varieties people smoke [Nature] More on cannabis research: Study: THC Has More Therapeutic Benefits Than We Thought Share This Article 
In a strange new experiment, scientists at Harvard hooked a monkey's brain up to a neural net and tried to stimulate individual neurons responsible for recognizing faces. By showing the monkey images generated by the AI, the scientists tried to activate those particular neurons as much as possible. Eventually, the AI system learned to generate images that would trigger individual brain cells without also activating any of their neighbors, according to The Atlantic. These images often took the form of surreal nightmare pictures that vaguely resembled faces or other familiar shapes — a provocative example of how sensors and AI are starting to peer into the biological brain. The algorithm, called XDREAM, morphed new images according to live feedback in the form of how strongly a given neuron responded to the image, according to research shared online earlier this year. New pre-print on #bioRxiv 'Evolving super stimuli for real neurons using deep generative networks'. With @HombreCerebro, @WillXiao1, @Till_S_Hartmann, @gkreiman, and @mlivingstonehms https://t.co/OZMhiPllK1 pic.twitter.com/iTaI4nBEcE — Peter Schade (@peterfschade) January 18, 2019  "If cells are dreaming, [these images] are what the cells are dreaming about," neuroscientist Carlos Ponce told The Atlantic. "It exposes the visual vocabulary of the brain, in a way that's unbiased by our anthropomorphic perspective." Some neurons responded to images that vaguely resembled objects that the scientists recognized, suggesting that the researchers identified the specific neurons that corresponded with particular real-world objects. A blur that resembled a monkey's face accompanied by a red blotch may have corresponded to another monkey in the lab that wore a red collar. Another blur that resembled a human wearing a surgical mask may have represented the woman who took care of and fed the lab's monkeys, who wore a similar mask. Other images that the monkey neurons responded to the most were less realistic, instead taking the form of various streaks and splotches of color, according to The Atlantic. "It was exciting to finally let a cell tell us what it’s encoding instead of having to guess," said Ponce. READ MORE: AI Evolved These Creepy Images to Please a Monkey’s Brain [The Atlantic] More on neural nets: A Neural Network, Connected to a Human Brain, Could Mean More Advanced Prosthetics Share This Article 
French author and aviator, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, once said, “A goal without a plan is just a wish.” For many startups, design is the “plan” required to achieve a goal, develop practical solutions, and bring new products to life. In today’s startup world, very seldom do companies succeed at first endeavor. Version 1.0 becomes 2.0, which becomes 2.5. Progress is planning, designing, often iterating, and prototyping. The data startup Numina went through such a process as part of the inaugural cohort at URBAN-X. Numina, founded in St. Louis, Missouri in 2014, presented a thoughtful approach to smarter cities. Numia developed a light pole-mounted sensor combining camera and computer vision to meticulously count cyclists and pedestrians. With support from the Knight Foundation, they had successfully deployed several prototypes with the aim of empowering urban planners to design streets for people instead of cars. They did this all while protecting people’s privacy by analyzing footage within the sensor, keeping the anonymous movements data while discarding the images. But Numina had a power problem. Here is their story, as told in an Urban-X white paper:  Attaching the sensor to light poles was one thing; using their electricity was another altogether. Every city’s policy is different, and the bureaucracy can be stifling. As a backup, Numina’s co-founders had soldered together a makeshift pack of D-cell batteries to supply their earliest prototypes with only a day or so of power. Their hack worked, but the duct-taped sensor — assembled in an off-the-shelf enclosure in a co-founder’s living room — was ultimately unsustainable. Was there a better solution? In early 2016, Numina joined the inaugural cohort of URBAN-X, a New York City startup accelerator founded by MINI, the iconic car manufacturer now part of the BMW Group. In return for a small equity stake, it received cash, guidance, and the undivided attention of the experts-in-residence (EIRs) — an in-house team of hands-on UX and UI designers, mechanical and electrical engineers, and specialists in working with cities. The EIRs modeled their approach on “design thinking,” which calls for listening intently to customers, prototyping ideas quickly and cheaply, testing them, and iterating rapidly to learn as much as possible at minimal cost. (See: “The URBAN-X Design Manifesto,” below.) Three challenges quickly became apparent. The first was power — photovoltaics remained off the table due to cost and size, and light poles inconsistently received power. The second issue, related to the first, was running hot and cold. Any enclosure they selected would have to dissipate heat from the processor while protecting the sensor against any and all weather, including rain or snow. Finally, it would have to stand out. Numina doesn’t hide the fact it collects anonymized data, but didn’t want to be confused with standard-issue surveillance devices, either. “We didn’t want to make a gray, inconspicuous box,” says Pham. “In Downtown Brooklyn, our sensors are bright yellow, as if to say ‘this is not a secret we're collecting data.’ This is community data, collected by Numina.” The solution depended on the battery — and the battery would dictate the design…  And when Numina won a bid for an initiative in Jacksonville, Florida to work towards reducing the city’s pedestrian fatality rate, they were suddenly facing a fast-approaching deadline for deployment of 35 new sensors. To learn what happened next, visit Urban-X.com for the full white paper on Numina. The URBAN-X Design Manifesto Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with URBAN-X, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A scientist who claims he edited the genes of twin babies to give them resistance to HIV made his first public appearance since the existence of the babies became public — and came out swinging in defense of his research, which has been almost universally criticized by researchers and bio-ethicists. "For this specific case, I feel proud," said Jiankui He at the Human Genome Editing Summit at the University of Hong Kong, according to a transcript. He said that before the procedure, the parents had "lost hope for life" because the father was HIV positive. But afterwards, the man "sent a message saying he will work hard, earn money, and take care of his two daughters and his wife for this life," according to He. He, who lives in China and worked with Rice University researcher Michael Deem to gene hack an embryo using CRISPR and implant it back into the mother, said that he and his collaborators would continue to monitor the twins' health for at least 18 years and, if given consent, into their adulthood. He also dropped another bomb during the summit: There's a second "potential pregnancy" on the way, though it is still in an early phase. After his prepared remarks, questioners grilled He about the ethical dimensions of his work, how it was reviewed, and whether the parents of the babies provided informed consent. He seemed mostly confident, but occasionally appeared to squirm. He provided a vague answer, for instance, when an audience member asked whether he planned to publish the identities of the twins. "It is against Chinese law to disclose the identity of HIV positive people in public," he said. "Second, for this couple, it's under careful monitoring. I will propose that the data should be open and available to experts." READ MORE: Chinese Scientist Who Says He Edited Babies’ Genes Defends His Work [New York Times] More on gene editing: Chinese Scientists Claim to Have Gene-Edited Human Babies For the First Time Share This Article 
The Royal Navy is testing a strikingly steampunk mechanical energy system for its Dragonfire Laser Directed Energy Weapon on its most advanced ships. And the new system's design originally came from an unlikely source: the Williams Formula 1 team. The Royal Navy is hoping its new Flywheel Energy Storage System (FESS) will reduce the impact on the rest of the ship when it needs to draw huge amounts of power for the energy weapon — while avoiding safety concerns such as lithium batteries starting fires on board a ship. "This technology was originally developed by the Williams F1 team," said U.K. military spokesperson Andrew Tate in a press release. "We saw an attractive option to bolster defence capability through the provision of more robust and futureproof power systems for naval ships." The Dragonfire itself is a powerful 50 kW laser that could "protect our maritime and land forces" from "missiles or soldiers from enemy mortars," according to the Ministry of Defense, as quoted by the UK Defence Journal. But such a beast of a weapon on board a warship poses an engineering challenge. To meet its energy requirements, a coalition between U.S. and U.K. researchers decided to take advantage of the FESS, a system that "uses innovative high-speed & lightweight flywheels to provide high-power electrical pulses that these future systems require," according to a press release. The most common use of a flywheel is inside a car's transmission. It stores rotational energy when the clutch is disengaged, and can transfer that energy back once its engaged again after a gear change. In the same way, energy needed to fire a laser could be stored by a number of flywheels. READ MORE: UK & USA test Naval power systems [Defence Science and Technology Laboratory] More on navy lasers: The Navy Is Incinerating Hard Drives About Laser Weapon Research Share This Article 
Scientists have already spotted thousands of exoplanets — planets that orbit a star outside of the Solar System — and many have the potential to harbor life. A wild new theory suggests that exoplanets two to four times the size of Earth, known as "sub-Neptunes," are likely to be water worlds rather than gas dwarfs — and their oceans could be so deep that they almost defy comprehension. Instead of a few kilometers deep, like Earth's oceans, Harvard researcher Li Zeng said that these alien oceans could be "hundreds or thousands of kilometers" in depth, according to Gizmodo. "Unfathomable. Bottomless. Very Deep." The new research, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, used a complex computer model that examined data collected by the Kepler Space Telescope — NASA's exoplanet hunting device — and the Gaia mission, the European Space Agency's space telescope. The results are astonishing: the findings indicate that some exoplanets may contain "as much as 50 percent water." That's vastly more than on Earth, where water takes up just 0.02 percent of the planet's mass. The pressure would be so dizzyingly high, in fact, that much of the water would turn to hard ice. "It was a huge surprise to realize that there must be so many water-worlds," Zeng said in a 2018 press release. READ MORE: Water Worlds Could Have Mind-Bogglingly Deep Oceans, New Models Suggest [Gizmodo] More on exoplanets: New Method Could Help Astronomers Find Life-Supporting Exoplanets Share This Article 
Black holes are already one of the most peculiar phenomena in the universe, but V404 Cygni takes strangeness to the next level. Instead of spewing jets of plasma from its poles, like most black holes, astronomers caught this black hole almost 8,000 light-years from Earth shooting jets in rapidly changing directions — all while its gravitational pull dragged the fabric of spacetime itself. "We were gobsmacked by what we saw in this system — it was completely unexpected," researcher Greg Sivakoff said in a press release. "Finding this astronomical first has deepened our understanding of how black holes and galaxy formation can work. It tells us a little more about that big question: 'How did we get here?'” On Monday, Sivakoff and his fellow researchers from the International Centre for Radio Astronomy Research (ICRAR) published a study detailing their analysis of V404 Cygni's odd behavior, which the Very Long Baseline Array interferometer captured over the course of two weeks in 2015. "Like many black holes, it’s feeding on a nearby star, pulling gas away from the star and forming a disk of material that encircles the black hole and spirals towards it under gravity," researcher James Miller-Jones said in a news release. "What’s different in V404 Cygni is that we think the disk of material and the black hole are misaligned," he continued. "This appears to be causing the inner part of the disk to wobble like a spinning top and fire jets out in different directions as it changes orientation." Because V404 Cygni didn't behave like other black holes astronomers had observed, the team from ICRAR couldn't use tried and true methods to examine it. "Typically, radio telescopes produce a single image from several hours of observation," researcher Alex Tetarenko said in the news release. "But these jets were changing so fast that in a four-hour image we just saw a blur. It was like trying to take a picture of a waterfall with a one-second shutter speed." But by combining 103 images of the black hole, each about 70 seconds long, into a single movie, the astronomers found they could observe the jets' rapid changes — and now, they'll know what do if they detect another black hole behaving as strangely as V404 Cygni in the future. READ MORE: SPINNING BLACK HOLE SPRAYS LIGHT-SPEED PLASMA CLOUDS INTO SPACE [ICRAR] More on black holes: The First Black Hole Photo Is Even More Amazing When You Zoom Out Share This Article 
A new deep learning algorithm can generate high-resolution, photorealistic images of people — faces, hair, outfits, and all — from scratch. The AI-generated models are the most realistic we've encountered, and the tech will soon be licensed out to clothing companies and advertising agencies interested in whipping up photogenic models without paying for lights or a catering budget. At the same time, similar algorithms could be misused to undermine public trust in digital media. The algorithm was developed by DataGrid, a tech company housed on the campus of Japan's Kyoto University, according to a press release. In a video showing off the tech, the AI morphs and poses model after model as their outfits transform, bomber jackets turning into winter coats and dresses melting into graphic tees. Specifically, the new algorithm is a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN). That's the kind of AI typically used to churn out new imitations of something that exists in the real world, whether they be video game levels or images that look like hand-drawn caricatures. Past attempts to create photorealistic portraits with GANs focused just on generating faces. These faces had flaws like asymmetrical ears or jewelry, bizarre teeth, and glitchy blotches of color that bled out from the background. DataGrid's system does away with all of that extraneous info that can confuse algorithms, instead posing the AI models in front of a nondescript white background and shining realistic-looking light down on them. Each time scientists build a new algorithm that can generate realistic images or deepfakes that are indistinguishable from real photos, it seems like a new warning that AI-generated media could be readily misused to create manipulative propaganda. Here's hoping that this algorithm stays confined within the realm of fashion catalogs. More on GANs: Mysterious Site Uses AI to Create Realistic Yet Horrifying Faces Share This Article 
Over the last decade, the number of cord-cutters in the U.S. rose by a staggering 3500 percent, from just 900,000 in 2008 to an estimated 33 million in 2018. And the good news for consumers is that, as the number of cord-cutters has gone up, so too has the number of streaming services to choose from proving a high volume of original shows, many of are excellent. But they’re mostly fiction and reality TV, which leave much to be desired for anyone who craves intellectual stimulation. Luckily, there is one streaming service dedicated to fact-based programming. It’s called CuriosityStream, and it has nothing but documentaries and series about science, technology, nature, and history. Ironically, back in the glory days of basic cable before it was all but taken over by reality programing, there was actually a ton of quality non-fiction science-focused programming available. You could turn on your TV at any time, day or night, and learn something interesting about our world on specialty networks like A&E, the Discovery Channel, the History Channel, and the Learning Channel. So it's probably no surprise that CuriosityStream was founded by John Hendricks, the founder and former CEO of Discovery Channel Communications. Originally launched in 2015, the service now features over 2,000 non-fiction titles that explore our world with an emphasis on spectacular visuals and captivating storytelling. CuriosityStream's original content stars some of the most famous intellectuals and social influencers in the world, such as natural historian Sir David Attenborough, theoretical physicist Michio Kaku, astronaut Chris Hadfield, and YouTube star Derek Muller. It even features the late great Stephen Hawking, whose CuriosityStream series Stephen Hawking’s Favorite Places won an Emmy Award in 2017. Like other streaming services, CuriosityStream adds new content all the time, so there’s always something enlightening, entertaining, and inspiring to binge on. And you don’t have to worry about it taking a big bite of your monthly budget. With subscriptions starting at just $2.99 per month or $19.99 per year, CuriosityStream is insanely affordable. And all subscriptions come with a seven-day free trial, so you can try it before you buy it. There are even 18 free episodes you can watch without signing up for anything. And you can watch them all on any platform you want, anywhere in the world, because there are no geographical restrictions. So if you’re starting to get bored with the other streaming services out there and are ready for more thought-providing content, click here now to check out CuriosityStream's 7-day free trial. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Marijuana is now legal in California, but an estimated one million people in the state still suffer the consequences of past cannabis convictions. Now, a new algorithm is making it far easier for Californians to have those convictions stricken from their records, according to BBC News — thereby eliminating the barriers that accompany a criminal record. "We live in a technological age," justice reform advocate Jay Jordan told the BBC. "This is the way that we're supposed to be doing business. And if it streamlines government, saves taxpayers money, and makes us safe… it's a no brainer." The algorithm is the foundation of Clear My Record, a tool created by Code For America, which is a nonprofit organization that looks for ways to use tech to improve how the government serves the people. The tool uses character recognition tech to analyze court files, looking for those eligible for expungement. It then automatically fills out the necessary paperwork and uploads the files in bulk to the court system for a judge's signature. "There’s no action required by the person with the criminal record," Clear My Record senior program manager Alia Toran-Burrell told Law.com. "There’s no hearing required, no petitions required that somebody would have to go to court to follow. We’re automating this process and putting the onus on the government instead of the person." During a pilot project in San Francisco, Clear My Record found 8,132 eligible criminal records in just minutes — far more than the 1,230 found manually at expungement clinics since the legalization of cannabis in the state. Los Angeles County and San Joaquin County now plan to use the tool, and by the end of 2019, Code For America expects to help governments clear 250,000 cannabis convictions. People with criminal records face an estimated 40,000 collateral consequences of their convictions, and these legal and regulatory restrictions can affect everything from where they can live to where they work. "We believe in giving people a second chance, as a society, and a community," San Francisco’s district attorney George Gascon told SF Weekly in February. "And yet everything we do really speak[s] against that. We keep people from getting good housing, from getting a good education, from participating in the education of their kids, and then we wonder why people reoffend, when we marginalize them to such an extent.” By expunging the records of those thousands of Californians with cannabis convictions, Clear My Record is removing those barriers — giving them the ability to enjoy a clean slate now that the crimes for which they were convicted are no longer crimes. READ MORE: An algorithm wipes clean the criminal pasts of thousands [BBC News] More on cannabis: Seven Ways Cannabis Legalization Will Make the Future Better Share This Article 
In a new study published in the journal Nature, a group of researchers from Ford Motors' Research and Innovation Center in Michigan argue that electric flying cars could actually end up reducing emissions over electric cars back on the ground — and free up congested roads in the process. But unfortunately, there's a pretty big catch. "However, gaps in necessary technology and practical uncertainties beyond the cars’ promising physics mean that they may not arrive in time to be a large-scale solution to the energy crisis and congestion — if at all," wrote Hugh Hunt, a researcher at the University of Cambridge who wasn't involved with the research, a piece discussing the study for The Conversation. It seems counter-intuitive that flying cars could have a lower environmental than electric ones while dealing with with air resistance and drag. But the authors of the study found that in their base case of travelling 60 miles, flying a vertical-takeoff-and-landing (VTOL) vehicle such as a flying car could end up cutting emissions by 35 percent compared to a single occupant in a combustion engine car. And even with three passengers on board a flying car, emissions are still six percent lower compared to an electric vehicle with the U.S. ground-based travel average of 1.54 passengers on board. But the new numbers also assume future technological innovations from optimum wing designs to low-power electric motors and high-efficiency batteries. The study also found those advantages to diminish with distances longer than 120 miles. "With technology and safety improvements, they could yet play a part in our fossil-fuel-free future, taking short-haul planes out of our skies and freeing up fume-filled roads," Hunt argues. READ MORE: Flying cars could cut emissions, replace planes, and free up roads – but not soon enough [The Conversation] More on flying cars: Goodyear’s New Concept Tire Doubles as a Flying Car Propeller Share This Article 
French engineering school IMT Atlantique revealed what it calls "the first stand-alone contact lens with a flexible micro battery" earlier this month. And, notably, it caught the attention of the U.S. military's attention: the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is reportedly interested in the contact lens to augment troops' visual capabilities in the field, according to Task and Purpose — meaning the gadget could represent the augmented contact lens that DARPA has spent a decade searching for. The biggest challenge that IMT Atlantique engineers encountered was to scale down the battery. But thanks to a newly developed flexible micro battery, they found a way to continuously light an LED light source for "several hours," according to a press release. The release also suggests that "graphene-based flexible electronics" could further enhance the smart contact lens' capabilities. Applications could range from assisting surgeons in the operating room to helping out drivers on the road. And now the military wants in on the project as well. French business magazine l'Usine Nouvelle writes that DARPA is interested in the technology. Even tech giant Microsoft is ready to invest two million euros, according to the magazine — which is notable, considering the tech company's recent HoloLens contract with the U.S. Army. "All the elements are ready," Jean-Louis Bougrenet de la Tocnaye, project lead at IMT Atlantique, told l'Usine Nouvelle, as translated from the original French. "We should integrate it in October 2019 and hope to start testing in 2020. Then we will be able to go to the qualifying clinical tests." READ MORE: DARPA is Eyeing a High-Tech Contact Lens Straight Out of 'Mission: Impossible' [The National Interest] More on smart contact lenses: DARPA: We're Moving to Merge Humans and Machines Share This Article 
Let the battle begin, Newton Vs Einstein. The all out battle for space-time. Both Albert Einstein and Sir Issac Newton are regarded as the forefathers of physics, but both held different theories that are fundamentally different from the other. So in the grand scheme of things.. who was more correct... Einstein or Newton. Here, we battle it out, but ultimately, the choice is up to you! So let's start with Newton! In the world of Newtonian physics, everything looks the same to everyone else in the universe, irrespective of your location and speed. I don't know about the rest of you, but this seems like a very logical concept, probably because this is how we all view every day life. When I used to play cricket, I had no doubt that my view of the cricket ball hurtling through the air looked the same as someone driving down the road watching the ball (points of view taken into consideration of course). What I'm getting at here is that they didn't see the ball stretching, moving slowly, and blue shifting. Really then, the world in Newtonian physics makes sense to us in every day life. I know if I was to tell a group of 11 year old school children that a 1 meter ruler actually appear to be a different length when I'm holding it versus when I'm running with it, they're likely to think I'm kidding (or crazy). Why? Because we can't show it. If I did that little experiment with the students, it would still look exactly the same size. And considering that it's only something like .000000000000000088.. meters longer to the outside observer, I can't blame anyone for not believing me. Even while traveling on an aeroplane it would only be .00000000000029 meters longer! The point I'm making here is that Newton making the assumption that the universe is exactly the same for everyone else, irrespective of location or speed, was a completely logical assumption. So much so that suggesting anything more at the time would have been completely dismissed--they would have thought he was crazy. This is where Einstein enters the picture... at the right place, but most importantly, at the right time. There were many scientists with many ideas at the time, incomplete ideas. Einstein managed to unify many different theories into several papers, five of which were published in the same year. This is not to take away from his brilliance, it's just the nature of science. Einstein managed to combine many different ideas (that were not his own) with an idea of his own and, in so doing, completely change the world. This is no small task. A good example of this is the Theories of Relativity and the Lorentz Transformation. Although, in many cases, Einstein gets credit for this, it was first published by Joseph Larmor in 1897, proposed by Hendrik Lorentz in 1895, and eventually modified by Henri Poincare in 1905 but accredited to Lorentz by Poincare. But although Einstein may not have come up with the equation, he did tie it all together in his Special Relativity paper. Unlike in a Newtonian world, the universe is not quite a constant, for the most part anyway. Taking a look at the Lorentz Transformation using time as our variable: t'=t/sqrt(1-((v^2)/(c^2))) In this equation we see that Time and Velocity are variables because neither of them have a constant physical value, like the speed of light "c". Here we can see that the speed of light MUST be a constant in the universe. This agrees with Newtonian physics, the speed of light being a constant, with time and length being different, this bit obviously doesn't agree with Newton. So in the end in the battle between Newton and Einstein, who is right? In every day life, they both are. The speeds at which life goes by are so slow that it has only been in recent history that we have been able to detect the differences. Newton viewed space-time as being flat, unchanging and very boring, but that is not at all the case in Einstein's world. To Einstein, space-time is very dynamic, changing depending gravity and velocity. Share This Article 
Facial recognition technology is still in the nascent stages of development, and we've already seen many ways it can go wrong, from China using the tech to track and detain minorities to the numerous examples of it perpetuating racial and gender bias. Now, in an expansive interview with VentureBeat, AI researcher Os Keyesat from the University of Washington has presented several "nightmare scenarios" for transgender people that could result from the deployment of facial recognition tech — and in some cases, they end with the person being killed. In the interview, Keyes noted how some apartment buildings are considering the use of facial recognition tech for entry — the idea is a resident would show their face, and the system would recognize them and unlock the door. Keyes also pointed out how some people are even suggesting facial recognition systems be used to monitor bathrooms. Keyes told VentureBeat that because some systems have trouble recognizing transgender or gender non-conforming people, they could be flagged, leading to law enforcement being called to the scene — and that could prove deadly for trans people, particularly those of color. "To be exceedingly deadpan," Keyes said, "the police’s record with trans people of color is not great, so yeah — the worst case scenario is someone tries to go to the bathroom because they just want to piss and they end up shot or arrested or harassed, or shot and then arrested and then harassed." Keyes isn't just concerned about how facial recognition tech will affect the trans community, though. Another worry is that it doesn't benefit any members of society enough to warrant further development. "I would like to see facial recognition development and usage just made straight-up illegal because I don’t think this is a technology with redeeming features," Keyes told VentureBeat. "Nobody has been able to point me to a use case that directly benefits humanity that can’t be solved with other means. It’s so obviously ripe for abuse and has already been [so] abused that it’s not worth doing." READ MORE: A transgender AI researcher’s nightmare scenarios for facial recognition software [VentureBeat] More on facial recognition: Americans Built Tech for China’s Sinister "Re-Education Camps" Share This Article 
Reading about NASA rockets, lunar modules, and space shuttles is cool, but there’s nothing like seeing all that stuff with your own eyes in a museum. But what if you didn’t have to go to a museum to see incredible specimens from the space program? What if you could actually own a tiny piece of it, all for yourself? Well, thanks to the folks at Mini Museum, you don’t have to be rich to have your own personal collection of rare historical artifacts. Ever wanted to own a piece of NASA's Apollo 11 spacecraft, or maybe the Space Shuttle Columbia? Well, now you can, and for less than the cost of a decent pair of sneakers. What better way to celebrate the 50th anniversary of that giant leap for mankind than owning a piece of the spacecraft that got us there? Mini Museum was born on Kickstarter back in 2014 when they offered up their first collection of expertly curated miniature specimens “from earth and beyond.” They’re now shipping the fourth edition of the original Mini Museum, which includes things like extraterrestrial amino acids, moon dust, ancient Egyptian mummy beads, a piece of the Hollywood sign, and dinosaur bone fragments, among other things. However, in an attempt to cater to collectors with very specific interests, Mini Museum also sells individual specimens. And their “Air & Space” collection is really, really cool. Without a doubt, the crown jewel of Mini Museum’s space collection is the fragment of mission-flown kapton foil from Apollo 11. The section of kapton foil from which these specimens were obtained provided thermal insulation for NASA's Apollo 11 Command Module, which orbited the Moon on July 20, 1969, as Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first humans ever to land on the surface. This same Command Module then safely transported Armstrong, Aldrin, and pilot Michael Collins back to Earth, where it splashed down in the Pacific Ocean on July 24, 1969. The kapton foil specimen measures approximately 1mm x 1mm and is enclosed in an acrylic cube with a magnifying lid for easy viewing. It comes with a certificate of authenticity, as well as an information card that features images and details from NASA's Apollo 11 mission. The Space Shuttle Columbia may not be as famous as the Apollo 11 Command Module, but space buffs certainly understand its historical significance. It was the world’s first ever reusable orbital spacecraft. Now you can own a fragment of mission-flown High-Temperature Reusable Surface Insulation (HRSI), the black silica tiles that protected 90 percent of the spacecraft from extreme re-entry temperatures in excess of 2300 degrees Fahrenheit. The sample measures 4-5mm and is encased in an acrylic specimen jars. It was removed from Columbia following its 7th mission in 1986. A tire might not seem like a very important piece of equipment for a spaceship, but they're actually incredibly important when you expect that spaceship to land safely on the ground with all the astronauts in one piece. That’s why the tires on NASA's Space Shuttle Columbia were no ordinary tires. They were rigorously engineered and tested over and over to make sure they could withstand extreme and sudden changes in temperature, plus a payload of up to 240,000 pounds. This specimen comes from a mission-flown Space Shuttle nose landing gear tire that was removed from service after Columbia's 13th mission in 1992. It’s encased in an acrylic specimen jar and housed in a 4" x 3" x 1" glass-topped riker box, and comes with a small information card. If you’re a space buff, don’t wait for these one-of-a-kind artifacts to sell out. Start your own private collection right now with Mini Museum. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
This time, artificial intelligence is literally taking jobs. Documents obtained by The Verge show how Amazon used a computer system to automatically track and fire hundreds of fulfillment center employees between for failing to meet productivity quotas — a grim glimpse of a future in which AI is your boss. While not every decision was made by a computer system, the documents — including a signed letter by an Amazon attorney describing the system — reveal how deeply automated the process really is. It's not clear whether Amazon is still using the system. "Amazon’s system tracks the rates of each individual associate’s productivity," reads the letter as quoted by The Verge, "and automatically generates any warnings or terminations regarding quality or productivity without input from supervisors." After this story ran, Amazon spokesperson Ashley Robinson reached out with a statement that pushed back against The Verge's reporting — but failed to provide specific examples of inaccuracies. "Similar to many companies, we have performance expectations regardless of whether they are corporate or fulfillment center employees," read the statement. "We support people who do not perform to the levels expected of them with dedicated coaching to help them improve and be successful in their career at Amazon. We would never dismiss an employee without first ensuring that they had received our fullest support, including dedicated coaching to help them improve and additional training. Since we’re a company that continues to grow, it’s our business objective to ensure long-term career development opportunities for our employees." Regardless, Amazon's fulfillment centers have seen a lot of automation over the past decade. A complex system of warehouse robots have been replacing jobs — while also sometimes creating new ones. Working conditions are infamously terrible at the online retailer: an anonymous employee wrote for the Guardian last year about unusually strenuous demands the company places on its warehouse workers. "Through the use of digital trackers and indicators, our workday is managed down to the second," the op-ed read. But the automated tracking-and-firing system sounds even more egregious — placing power over employment in the hands of an AI that tracks invasive details like the amount of time employees spend "off task." "One of the things that we hear consistently from workers is that they are treated like robots in effect because they’re monitored and supervised by these automated systems," Amazon critic  Stacy Mitchell told The Verge. "They’re monitored and supervised by robots." Editor's note 4/26: this story has been updated with a statement from an Amazon spokesperson. READ MORE: How Amazon automatically tracks and fires warehouse workers for ‘productivity’ [The Verge] More on Amazon: 911 Calls Reveal Mental Anguish of Amazon Employees Share This Article 
Ukraine's current president is a former Parliament member who once served as the nation's head of foreign policy, economic development, and trade. The man the Eastern European nation just elected by a landslide to succeed him once played a president on a TV show. And actor/comedian Volodymyr Zelenskiy's qualifications — or lack thereof — aren't even the strangest part of Sunday's presidential election. Zelenskiy also conducted what was essentially the world's first successful virtual presidential campaign, never once appearing in person for interviews, rallies, or speeches — a strange and troubling new example of politics in the internet era. During his four-month campaign, Zelenskiy addressed voters only through short YouTube videos, Instagram posts, and TV appearances, according to an in-depth analysis published by Politico on Wednesday. He didn't debate his opponent until the day prior to the election, and never faced any substantial scrutiny from the press. In fact, based on Politico's reporting, the campaign didn't seem to affect Ukraine's president-elect much at all — he continued to produce episodes of his television show, tour with his comedy troupe, and perform in variety shows. Voters not only didn't get a chance to see Zelenskiy campaigning in the flesh, they also never found out what exactly he planned to do if he was elected president — his entire platform seemed to be based on not doing whatever citizens didn't like about the current state of affairs. Of course, it's hard to talk about Ukraine and not at least mention its neighbor Russia, which currently occupies the Crimean Peninsula as well as other parts of the nation. Ukraine's lame-duck president, Petro Poroshenko, ruled on a decidedly anti-Russian platform, backing sanctions against it and supporting restrictions on trade and social contact with Russians, so it's hard to imagine Russia isn't at least somewhat pleased to see him replaced by a popular political outsider, one who might not pose as much of a threat to its ambitions. And that, of course, begs the question of just how much influence, if any, Russia had on Zelenskiy's ascent from television regular to leader of one of the world's most politically turbulent democracies. After all, it wouldn't be the first time Russia allegedly helped a TV personality launch his political career — and Zelenskiy didn't have to do much more than smile for the webcam to make it happen. READ MORE: The World Just Witnessed the First Entirely Virtual Presidential Campaign [Politico] More on Russia: The Mueller Report Confirms We’re Living in a Cyberpunk Dystopia Share This Article 
The rent is too damn high! A recent quality of life survey by the University of California in Los Angeles found that the residents of the sprawling metropolis are becoming increasingly dissatisfied with housing affordability. In response, thousands of young people are giving up traditional housing in favor of living in a "pod" — a hostel-like living experience that confines their sleeping quarters to a nook in a room full of similar nomads. And their commitment to the idea is astonishing: some "podestrians," as they call themselves, are getting the logo of a local pod-housing network tattooed on their bodies — several on their necks. "I've managed to get this PodShare tattoo," said Nat, who got a neck tattoo of the company's logo, in a video clip that identifies her as "Podestrian #3668." "It kind of represents what I came traveling for." The idea of living in a pod shouldn't come as a shock in LA, where a simple two-bedroom can cost more than $2,000 a month — and incomes haven't kept pace. In response, ridesharing and co-working spaces have become the norm, while house ownership and a stable full-time job are becoming increasingly elusive to young city dwellers. A particularly illustrative example of that trend is PodShare, a Los Angeles-based "affordable shared housing" network, that allows travelers, new LA residents, and temp workers to crash on a twin-sized memory foam mattress. Kitchen, bathroom, and living room spaces are shared with others, while WiFi, lockers, and laundry are provided on location. The price: in the neighborhood of $1,400 a month, depending on location. PodShare's website positions itself as part of the "rise of the freelance economy" on its website. "Millennials don’t own a gym at home, they buy a membership," reads its about page. "We don’t subscribe to cable television, we watch Netflix." But it's not just a simple fix for when you're in town for the night — PodShare's "podestrians" can be incredibly dedicated to the concept of co-living. They're so devoted, in fact, that one prominent section of the PodShare website is dedicated people who've gotten the company's logo tattooed on different parts of their bodies. In video testimonials uploaded to the PodShare's YouTube page, PodShare fanatics share how much the business means to them. "Being in LA for me has always been a dream for me," said Daniel — otherwise known as "Podestrian #1770" — in one a testimonial from 2015. "And PodShare is totally part of it. I met friends for life, for sure." READ MORE: The Affluent Homeless: A Sleeping Pod, A Hired Desk And A Handful Of Clothes[NPR] More on pod living: Young People Are Choosing to Live in “Pods” Instead of Apartments Share This Article 
It may not be a shock that the dark web, the online networks that aren't readily accessible to the public, is a hotbed of illegal gun sales. What is surprising is that almost all of the guns up for sale are available to buy legally in the U.S., according to research published last month in the journal Deviant Behavior. The study suggests that dark web customers may simply be trying to skirt local gun control regulations — and once experts understand how these guns move, they may be able to intercept and stop the trade altogether. Most gun sales — 64 percent of those tracked in the study — were for handguns. Only four percent were for military-grade, automatic weapons. "Instead of exotic or rare firearms, we saw handguns — the kinds of weapons someone in the U.S. could buy from stores or vendors with a license," Michigan State University researcher Thomas Holt said in a university-published press release. "Additionally, the price points of these guns weren't drastically different than what you'd find if you were buying legally. These observations beg the question, 'why the dark web instead?'" "We know so little about the distribution of firearms sold on the dark web that it's kind of a black hole, similar to illicit pharmaceuticals and narcotics," said Holt "The more we understand how guns move, how they are sold and what types of guns are available on the dark web, the more we'll understand how the internet can serve as a niche market for gun distribution." Editor's note 4/24: This story has been updated to correct an error about which university employs researcher Thomas Holt. READ MORE: Illegal weapon trade flourishing in dark web, study says [International Business Times] More on guns: A Court Just Sent a Man to Prison For 3D Printing a Gun Share This Article 
For years, post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has been one of the most challenging disorders to diagnose. Traditional methods, like one-on-one clinical interviews, can be inaccurate due to the clinician's subjectivity, or if the patient is holding back their symptoms. Now, researchers at New York University say they've taken the guesswork out of diagnosing PTSD in veterans by using artificial intelligence to objectively detect PTSD by listening to the sound of someone's voice. Their research, conducted alongside SRI International — the research institute responsible for bringing Siri to iPhones— was published Monday in the journal Depression and Anxiety.  According to The New York Times, SRI and NYU spent five years developing a voice analysis program that understands human speech, but also can detect PTSD signifiers and emotions. As theNYT reports, this is the same process that teaches automated customer service programs how to deal with angry callers: By listening for minor variables and auditory markers that would be imperceptible to the human ear, the researchers say the algorithm can diagnose PTSD with 89% accuracy. Researchers interviewed and recorded 129 war-zone exposed veterans and gathered 40,000 speech samples to study. Then they used the audio to teach the AI which vocal changes correlated with diagnoses of PTSD — a slower, more monotonous cadence was an indicator of PTSD, as well as a shorter tonal range with less enunciation. The AI, they say, can detect minute changes in the voice, like the tension of throat muscles and whether the tongue touches the lips — all potential indicators of a PTSD diagnosis. "They were not the speech features we thought," Charles Marmar, a psychiatry professor at NYU and one of the authors of the paper, told the NYT. "We thought the telling features would reflect agitated speech. In point of fact, when we saw the data, the features are flatter, more atonal speech. We were capturing the numbness that is so typical of PTSD patients." Although the AI is a breakthrough for VA clinicians, there are blindspots. By only inputting data from male combat veterans, the scope of the program's potential is limited to men in the military — though it could be a proof of concept toward a more universal technology. As it's refined, speech analysis could become an effective biomarker for objectively identifying the disorder, allowing clinicians to accurately diagnose veterans and give them the mental health support they need. READ MORE: The Military Wants Better Tests for PTSD. Speech Analysis Could Be the Answer. [The New York Times] More on PTSD: MDMA Therapy Eliminated PTSD Symptoms In 76 Percent of Patients Share This Article 
A New York teen suing Apple for $1 billion claims its facial-recognition system falsely linked him to a series of thefts and caused him to be arrested for a crime he didn't commit. The twist: an Apple spokesperson told Gizmodo that such a facial recognition system doesn't even exist. If Apple is telling the truth, it's possible the lawsuit filed on Monday is based on mere speculation. But even if that is the case, the suit still serves as evidence that American citizens find it easy to believe that one of the world's biggest tech companies uses facial recognition to keep tabs on them. According to the lawsuit, New York police officers arrested teenager Ousmane Bah at his home in New York at 4am on Nov. 29 following allegations he had stolen merchandise from a Manhattan Apple store. The suit alleges that the police did this despite Bah looking nothing like the man in the photo on the arrest warrant. The lawsuit claims a person identified only as "NYPD Detective Reinhold" realized Bah wasn't the thief after viewing surveillance footage of the crimes. At that point, Reinhold shared his theory with Bah on why the teen was being charged with them. The real thief likely found an interim driver's permit Bah had previously lost and presented it to Apple employees during one of the thefts, Reinhold told Bah. Because Apple's "security technology identifies suspects of theft using facial recognition technology," according to Reinhold, from that point forward, Apple associated the thief's face with Bah's identity. The lawsuit doesn't say where Reinhold got his information on Apple's use of facial recognition tech, so it's possible he was just speculating to save face — after all, NYPD officers had a photo of the suspect and access to the security footage, yet still dragged Bah to jail at 4am. Or perhaps Reinhold did sincerely — and mistakenly — think Apple used the tech. According to various reports, hundreds if not thousands of retailers use facial recognition systems to track shoplifters, so maybe he'd heard about that and just got his facts about the specific company mixed up. It's a little harder to believe that Apple would lie about not using the tech in its stores — after all, those stores employ 70,000 people, and it seems likely that at least a few would be privy to the system and willing to call the company out. READ MORE: Teen Sues Apple for $1 Billion, Claiming Facial Recognition Led to False Arrest [Gizmodo] More on facial recognition: New York’s Facial Recognition Trial Was a Complete Failure Share This Article 
Wireless charging is pretty cool, technology. Unfortunately, while they are very convenient, wireless chargers have not realized their full potential in terms of design. In fact, most of them look still like electronic hockey pucks, which rarely blend in with your decor. And of course, when you’re not actually using them, they just sit there collecting dust. Fortunately the folks at Fonesalesman are out to change that. They’ve been making great-looking Qi wireless chargers for a few years, but they’re latest product, a wireless charging station table, is an absolute game-changer. The FurniQi wireless charging station table is the perfect blend of elegant contemporary design and futuristic technology. Made from 100-percent natural bamboo—which, in addition to being beautiful and durable, is also one of the planet’s most sustainable resources—the table has a Qi standard wireless charging pad built right into it. You simply connect the charging station table to a 5V/1000mAh power source with the included bamboo-colored USB cable, then set your phone down on the charging spot which is subtly marked with laser engraving. No more charging cables. No more hockey pucks. The FurniQi charging station table boasts a classic, simple design that's intended to fit any style, so it works perfectly as either an end table or a nightstand. There’s no need to worry about spills, either, because the electronics are safely isolated. You can use the table like you would any other. Of course, the table does require assembly upon arrival, but it’s just a matter of turning a few screws. You won’t need a Masters degree in engineering. Now for the million dollar question: is your phone compatible with FurniQi wireless charging station table? The answer is almost certainly yes. Though there are still a few other wireless charging platforms out there, Qi dominates the market and has become the defacto industry standard. All the latest phones from Apple, Samsung, Google, Huawei, Motorola, Sony, and LG are Qi-compatible. And Fonesalesman makes wireless receivers to retrofit older phones and make them Qi-compatible as well. So in short, if you’ve got a smartphone, the FurniQi wireless charging station table will work for you. Beautiful, sustainable, easy to assemble, and even easier to use, the FurniQi table is the next step in the evolution of wireless charging. And right now you can get it for 24-percent off the regular list price. You’d be wise not to wait, so click here to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In a video uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday afternoon, NASA's InSight lander showed off a recording of "faint rumbles" that "appear to have come from the inside of the planet" — in other words, likely the first marsquake it's ever detected. Mars, I hear you. I’ve detected some quiet but distinct shaking on #Mars. The faint rumbles appear to have come from the inside of the planet, and are still being studied by my team. Take a listen.👂https://t.co/GxR1xdRx1F pic.twitter.com/Z8Hn03jigO — NASA InSight (@NASAInSight) April 23, 2019  It's the first time NASA's InSight lander has detected a marsquake, according to Space.com. The clip was recorded on April 6. It's also a glimpse of hope after InSight ran into some trouble digging its thermal probe into the rugged Martian surface last month. "We've been waiting months for our first marsquake," said Philippe Lognonné, principal investigator for InSight's seismometer, which is designed to record ground motions including marsquakes, meteorite impacts, and dustdevils, in a statement by French space agency CNES. "It's so exciting to finally have proof that Mars is still seismically active," continued Lognonné. "We're looking forward to sharing detailed results once we've studied it more and modelled our data." It's a momentous occasion, and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) is calling it a groundbreaking moment. "We've been collecting background noise up until now, but this first event officially kicks off a new field: Martian seismology," geophysicist at NASA's JPL Bruce Banerdt said in the statement. READ MORE: Marsquake! NASA's InSight Lander Feels Its 1st Red Planet Tremor [Space.com] More on InSight: NASA's InSight Mars Rover Runs Into Trouble Digging a Hole Share This Article 
Armed with CRISPR gene-editing technology, scientists are trying to move away from performing experiments on common model organisms, like fruit flies and zebrafish, which have long defined biological research — by crafting new ones at the genetic level. But scientists who are gene hacking new animals for their research are running into logistical problems, according to Nature News — the genetic alterations generally take hold, but keeping the animals alive and getting them to produce new generations is proving difficult. In trying to develop new model organisms or just study the animals that they're more interested in, scientists are uncovering new secrets about those animals' life cycles and breeding habits. And while that's valuable from a scientific standpoint on its own, it's also a matter of necessity as the researchers need to learn these things if they ever want to breed the animals in a lab. "The reason classic model systems were chosen was they're basically pests. Nothing can stop them growing," Columbia University molecular biologist Tessa Montague told Nature. "But if we take on this challenge of working on new organisms because they have an amazing feature, they're often not happy to grow under [just] any conditions." For instance, scientists who wanted to study a different species of fruit fly had to first discover the olfactory cue that triggers them to lay eggs. Researchers studying aphids needed to make sure they would lay eggs into which CRISPR could be injected rather than reproduce asexually, a distinction that comes down to the temperature when they hatch. "We finally are ready to start expanding what we call a model organism," Montague told Nature. READ MORE: CRISPR gene-editing creates wave of exotic model organisms [Nature News] More on CRISPR: Scientists Gene-Hacked Lizards to Make Them Albino Share This Article 
Sometimes, when you fill a small metal capsule with rocket fuel, it will explode. That's what appears to have happened this past weekend when SpaceX attempted a static test of its Dragon 2 capsule. "Crew Dragon capsule explodes," wrote Scientific American. Business Insider called it a "large explosion." Quartz said that it "blew up." There's even a grainy video of the test that seems to show a fireball. But SpaceX? The company called it an "anomaly." You'd never know what happened if you only read SpaceX's prepared statement, which downplayed the apparent explosion as much as possible. "Earlier today, SpaceX conducted a series of engine tests on a Crew Dragon test vehicle on our test stand at Landing Zone 1 in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The initial tests completed successfully but the final test resulted in an anomaly on the test stand. Ensuring that our systems meet rigorous safety standards and detecting anomalies like this prior to flight are the main reason why we test. Our teams are investigating and working closely with our NASA partners." SpaceX isn't the only space agency to use "anomaly" to describe a spacecraft glitch. There are several instances where NASA has used the word to characterize launch problems or spacecraft communication issues. But we haven't found an instance where NASA said "anomaly" when it meant "explosion" — in that regard, SpaceX stands alone. When something blows up, NASA says so. Perhaps the problem that led to an explosion was an "anomaly"; it would be confusing if it was expected. But the explosion itself? Calling it anything but is a disservice. Hey, we get it. Spacecraft explosions conjure images of tragedy: death, wasted money, canceled research. It makes sense for a leader in space technology to avoid that connotation. But if SpaceX insists on calling an explosion — one that was seemingly documented on video — an "anomaly," then who's to say when the company will clear the air, on this test or any future endeavor? READ MORE: Smoke seen for miles as SpaceX Crew Dragon suffers 'anomaly' at Cape Canaveral during engine test fire [Florida Today] More on the explosion: Update: Vid Appears to Show SpaceX Capsule Exploding During Test Share This Article 
Jennifer Doudna, one of the co-inventors of CRISPR, thinks she knows which application for the powerful gene-editing tool will be the first to affect the mainstream — and it has nothing to do with curing diseases or creating designer babies. "I think in the next five years the most profound thing we'll see in terms of CRISPR's effects on people's everyday lives will be in the agricultural sector," Doudna told Business Insider — and those CRISPR'd crops have the potential to help alleviate problems ranging from hunger to obesity. Let's get this out of the way first: Gene-edited crops are very different from the controversial genetically modified organisms (GMOs). While genetic modification involves mixing and matching genes from different organisms — splicing DNA from a pesticide-resistant bacteria into soybean seeds, for example — gene editing involves making changes to an organism's genome that could happen through a natural mutation. The distinction between the two is so profound that the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced in March 2018 it wouldn't subject gene-edited crops to any additional regulation — a far more hands-off approach than it takes with GMOs. We've already seen several examples of researchers using CRISPR to give crops beneficial traits — they've edited tomato plants to ensure a higher crop yield, mushrooms to prevent browning, and soybeans to prevent the production of trans fats. Those three examples alone illustrate CRISPR's potential to give us more food that lasts longer and is healthier than what we currently have — and if Doudna is right, we could see those super-charged foods and others make their way onto our dinner plates very soon. READ MORE: We'll be eating the first Crispr'd foods within 5 years, according to a geneticist who helped invent the blockbuster gene-editing tool [Business Insider] More on gene-edited food: The First Gene-Edited Food Has Reached US Restaurants Share This Article 
The world watched in horror Monday night while flames tore through the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. As fire consumed the roof and toppled its iconic central spire, it seemed as though the historic church could be lost forever — but it's possible, thanks to cutting-edge imaging technology, that all hope may not be lost. Thanks to the meticulous work of Vassar art historian Andrew Tallon, every exquisite detail and mysterious clue to the building's 13th-century construction was recorded in a digital archive in 2015 using laser imaging. These records have revolutionized our understanding of how the spectacular building was built — and could providea template for how Paris could rebuild. According to Wired, "architects now hope that Tallon’s scans may provide a map for keeping on track whatever rebuilding will have to take place." In 2015, National Geographic profiled Tallon and his unique scanning process, highlighting his digital imaging of the Notre Dame Cathedral. For centuries, the only tools we had to measure medieval buildings and structures were primitive — strings and rulers, pencils and plumb bobs — but by turning to 21st-century technology, Tallon was able to tease out the secrets of this miraculous structure. "If I had texts at every point, I could look in the texts and try to get back into the heads of the builders," Tallon said to Nat Geo. "I don't have it, so it's detective work for me." For his scans of Notre Dame, Tallon recorded data from more than 50 locations in and around the cathedral, resulting in a staggering one billion points of data. Each scan begins by mounting the laser onto a tripod and placing in the center of the structure. The laser sweeps around the area in every direction, and as it hits a surface, the beam bounces back, recording the exact placement and surface of whatever buttress or column it landed on by measuring the time it took the beam to return. Every measurement is recorded as a colored dot, combining together into a detailed picture, like the color pixels of a digital photograph. Eventually those millions of dots form a three-dimensional snapshot of the cathedral, and the resulting images are meticulously precise; if the scan is done properly, Tallon told Nat Geo, it should be accurate within 5 millimeters. According to The New York Times, it took less than an hour for the fire to spread from the attic of the cathedral and engulf the roof, toppling the central spire. Construction on the cathedral began in the year 1163 and finished in 1345, according to an NYT piece about the history of the cathedral, and the wooden roof contained historic beams from the year 1220, all of which were destroyed by the blaze. Support for the recovery efforts have begun pouring in, with wealthy Parisians and companies pledging more than $450 million in donations to Notre Dame's restoration. Despite the extensive damage, the NYT reports that most of the priceless artifacts and the stone structure of the cathedral remain intact — though only time will tell how long it'll take to restore the beloved structure to a semblance of its former glory. READ MORE: The Notre Dame Fire and the Future of History [Wired] More on 3D scans: See the 3D Images Produced by the First Full-Body Medical Scanner Share This Article 
If you took a cab in Japan this year, you may have come face-to-face with a tablet that scanned your face in order to learn your gender, age, and other characteristics — and used that data to target you with relevant advertisements. The facial recognition system made the rounds on Twitter on Saturday after Google privacy engineer Rosa Golijan posted a photo of the tablet explaining that it was used in Japanese taxis to "estimate gender in order to deliver the most optimized content" — an intriguing preview of how pushy, personalized advertisements could one day roll out elsewhere in the world. 🤨 pic.twitter.com/uXWOUXz25S — Rosa Golijan (@rosa) April 20, 2019  Another tweet posted in response to Golijan shows more details, including how the data is collected and how it's used. A QR code in that image links to the website of Japanese e-commerce platform developer DeNA Co Ltd — specifically linking to the "Trust & Safety" page for the company's "Premium Taxi Vision" service. Premium Taxi Vision, first deployed in January, is meant to make "riding a taxi more comfortable and convenient," according to a DeNA webpage that we translated using Google. Presumably, that comfort and convenience means saving customers from the sheer embarrassment of watching an advertisement meant for a different gender or age group. DeNA's website explains that video of passengers is used to generate a passenger profile — age, presented gender, number of passengers — that gets sent to the advertising agency Geniee, Inc, which then sends a relevant advertisement. That means Geniee doesn't see the footage. In Golijan's case, it would have merely known that an adult woman was riding in the cab. The actual footage, which DeNA claims is immediately deleted, and facial recognition software never leave the tablet. More on ubiquitous advertisements: Pepsi Plans to Project a Giant Ad in the Night Sky Using Cubesats Share This Article 
On Sunday, six suicide bombers launched a coordinated series of attacks in Sri Lanka that killed at least 290 people and injured hundreds more. Within hours, the government of the island nation took a drastic step by announcing it would temporarily block all social media platforms in the hopes of stopping the spread of false news reports about the attack — a controversial move that illuminates the dire civic toll of online propaganda. Sanjana Hattotuwa, a Center for Policy Alternatives researcher, told The Washington Post he noted a "significant uptick" in false reports on social media after Sunday's bombings, including inaccurate accounts of the death toll. Two pieces of false information in particular — one blaming the attack on Muslim suicide bombers and one claiming that there was prior warning of it — were widely shared, according to Hattotuwa. In March 2018, Sri Lanka saw an uptick in violence following the spread of anti-Muslim fake news on social media — a situation that ultimately led to another temporary social media ban — so it makes sense that the nation would want to try to get ahead of any new violence in the wake of Sunday's attack. However, the social media ban has already garnered criticism for hindering communication between those affected by the bombings and their loved ones. “I have had friends in London trying to contact me through both [WhatsApp and Facebook]," Sri Lanka resident Roshni Fernando told WaPo, "and I can’t see them or message anybody." Billions of people now use social media platforms, and they've become an integral form of communication in the modern world — bans on these platforms leave users scrambling for alternative channels to talk to their loved ones during times of crisis. The bans don't just prevent the spread of false information, either — they also prevent the sharing of accurate information. As Hattotuwa told WaPo, "While a ban on social media helps to contain the spread of rumors, it also hampers efforts by journalists to push back on them." Ultimately, it's up to social media platforms themselves to find a way to stop the spread of fake news. Whether that will be through the use of advanced algorithms, armies of human moderators, or both doesn't really matter at this point. All that matter is that it happens soon. READ MORE: Sri Lankan government blocks social media and imposes curfew following deadly blasts [The Washington Post] More on fake news: EU: Facebook, Google, Twitter Failed to Fight Fake News Share This Article 
The laws of thermodynamics are pretty straightforward: Normally, heat from a hot object will flow to a cold one until they reach the same temperature, bringing the system to a state of equilibrium. Now, physicists at the University of Zurich (UZH) have developed a surprisingly simple device, described Friday in the Journal Science Advances, that they say temporarily allows heat to flow from a cold object to a hot one. In other words, the team acknowledges, the device appears to defy the second law of thermodynamics. The team managed to cool a nine-gram piece of copper from over 100°C to 2°Cbelow room temperature without an external power supply. To pull it off, they used a Peltier element, a long-lasting device with no moving parts commonly used in things like minibars and self-filling water bottles, and an electrical inductance, a current generated by changes in a magnetic field. Using layers of alternating types of semiconductors, the Peltier element transfers heat energy from one side of the device to the other. When an electrical current is applied the devices can create a "thermal oscillating circuit" in which energy flows between objects, from hot to cold and back again. As the object approaches room temperature the magnetic field helps drive temperature changes just a little bit cooler. "Theoretically, this experimental device could turn boiling water to ice, without using any energy," said Andreas Schilling, a professor in the Department of Physics at UZH. It sounds suspiciously like a perpetual motion machine, but the researchers say that mathematically, the entropy in the system increased over time, meaning it technically adhered to the laws of physics. So it won't lead to a "free lunch" for energy. The team only achieved a cooling of 2°C below room temperature, but according to Schilling, it would be possible in theory to achieve cooling of up to -47°C (-52.6°F). That's a major "in theory" however, as to do so would require a yet-to-be-invented "ideal" Peltier elements as well as superconducting materials to minimize energy loss. Still, the potential industrial applications are massive. "With this very simple technology, large amounts of hot solid, liquid or gaseous materials could be cooled to well below room temperature without any energy consumption," says Schilling. "At first sight, the experiments appear to be a kind of thermodynamic magic, thereby challenging to some extent our traditional perceptions of the flow of heat." READ MORE: Thermodynamic magic enables cooling without energy consumption [Phys.org] More on Thermodynamics: US Military Files Patent for Room-Temperature Superconductor Share This Article 
The Oxford philosopher who posited 15 years ago that we might be living in a computer simulation has another far-out theory, this time about humanity's future — and it's not exactly optimistic. On Wednesday, Nick Bostrom took the stage at a TED conference in Vancouver, Canada, to share some of the insights from his latest work, "The Vulnerable World Hypothesis." In the paper, Bostrom argues that mass government surveillance will be necessary to prevent a technology of our own creation from destroying humanity — a radically dystopian idea from one of this generation's preeminent philosophers. Bostrom frames his argument in terms of a giant urn filled with balls.  Each ball represents a different idea or possible technology, and they are different colors: white (beneficial), gray (moderately harmful), or black (civilization-destroying). Humanity is constantly pulling balls from this urn, according to Bostom's model — and thankfully, no one has pulled out a black ball yet. Big emphasis on "yet." "If scientific and technological research continues," Bostrom writes, "we will eventually reach it and pull it out." To prevent this from happening, Bostrom says we need a more effective global government — one that could quickly outlaw any potential civilization-destroying technology. He also suggests we lean into mass government surveillance, outfitting every person with necklace-like "freedom tags" that can hear and see what they're doing at all times. These tags would feed into "patriot monitoring stations," or "freedom centers," where artificial intelligences monitor the data, bringing human "freedom officers" into the loop if they detect signs of a black ball. We've already seen people abuse mass surveillance systems, and those systems are far less exhaustive than the kind Bostrom is proposing. Still, if it's a choice between having someone watching our every move or, you know, the end of civilization, Bostrom seems to think the former is a better option than the latter. "Obviously there are huge downsides and indeed massive risks to mass surveillance and global governance," he told the crowd at the TED conference, according to Inverse. "I’m just pointing out that if we are lucky, the world could be such that these would be the only way you could survive a black ball." READ MORE: An Oxford philosopher who's inspired Elon Musk thinks mass surveillance might be the only way to save humanity from doom [Business Insider] More on Bostrom: Philosopher Hadn’t Seen “The Matrix” Before Publishing Simulation Hypothesis Share This Article 
Infamous tech entrepreneur John McAfee says he's going to tell the world who created Bitcoin — and if he keeps his word, he'll be answering perhaps the biggest lingering question in cryptocurrency. On Wednesday, McAfee took to Twitter to announce his plan to continue sharing clues about the true identity of "Satoshi Nakamoto," the pseudonymous handle used by the creator of Bitcoin, until either the creator reveals himself or McAfee reveals him. "I protected the identity of Satoshi," McAfee tweeted. "It's time, though, that this be put to bed. Imposters claim to be him, we are spending time and energy in search of him — It's a waste." Whether McAfee actually knows the true identity of Bitcoin's creator is anyone's guess. But so far, he's taken to Twitter to claim that Satoshi is male and lives in the United States. He's also not the CIA, a government agency, computer scientist Nick Szabo, tech entrepreneur Elon Musk, or a brunette. Oh, and yeah, he's also alive. So, to pull some rough numbers, the U.S. is home to about 156.1 million males and about 1 million of those work for the nation's government. Say about 50 percent are brunettes — that leaves us with ~77.5 million potential Satoshi Nakamotos. If McAfee wants anyone to believe he actually knows who created Bitcoin — or he wants to pressure the real Satoshi into revealing himself — he's going to have to narrow the field down a bit more than that. "Yes, I drink, use drugs, chase women, run from the law — which I have done since I was 19," he tweeted, in defense of his ability to name the elusive programmer. "But it does not obviate the fact that I created a great company whose focus was stopping hackers. I had to know hacking. I am still John Fucking McAfee." READ MORE: John McAfee Triggers Countdown to Unmask Bitcoin Creator Satoshi Nakamoto [CCN] More on John McAfee: A Real Whodunnit: Tech Eccentric John McAfee Claims Enemies Poisoned Him Share This Article 
If you train a music-generating artificial intelligence exclusively on tracks by Beyoncé, do you owe the pop star a cut of any resulting songs' profits? And is it even legal to use copyrighted songs to train an AI in the first place? Those are just a couple of the questions The Verge poses in a fascinating new story about AI-generated music published Wednesday. And while the publication consulted numerous experts from the music, tech, and legal industries for the story, the input of one person in particular — Jonathan Bailey, CTO of audio tech company iZotope — seemed to most concisely sum up the issue. "I won’t mince words," he told The Verge. "This is a total legal clusterfuck." Despite the U.S. Copyright Office bringing up the potential problems that could arise from computer songwriters way back in 1965, U.S. copyright law has yet to nail down exactly who owns what when a computer is involved in the creative process, according to The Verge. As it stands, the Beyoncé-trained AI could crank out an entire album of "Lemonade"-esque tracks, and as long as none of them sounded too much like any specific Beyoncé song, the AI-generated music wouldn't be infringing on her copyrights — and the AI's creator wouldn't legally owe the artist a penny, lawyer Meredith Rose told The Verge. Less clear is the use of copyrighted songs to train an AI. Several of The Verge's sources said there isn't a straightforward answer as to whether buying a song grants a person the right to then use it to train a machine learning system. Of course, programmers have yet to come anywhere near creating AIs capable of autonomously churning out hit songs in the key of Bey — or anyone else for that matter — but that doesn't mean they won't be able to one day. "It’s like the future of self-driving cars," media-focused venture capitalist Leonard Brody told Fortune in October. "Level 1 is an artist using a machine to assist them. Level 2 is where the music is crafted by a machine but performed by a human. Level 3 is where the whole thing is machines." We've already seen several examples of those first two levels — tech-forward songstress Taryn Southern shared songwriting credits with AI on her "I AM AI" album, released in September, and that same month, Iranian composer Ash Koosha released an album on which he sang songs composed by AI-powered software. If Brody's prediction is correct, the next step will be AIs creating music by themselves — and if we're already in the midst of a "legal clusterfuck," who knows what sort of legislative nightmare that will be? READ MORE: WE’VE BEEN WARNED ABOUT AI AND MUSIC FOR OVER 50 YEARS, BUT NO ONE’S PREPARED [The Verge] More on AI songwriters: This Musician Created an AI to Write Songs for Him, and They’re Pretty Strange Share This Article 
In theory, using solar energy in private homes has always been a no brainer. Why pay the electric company an arm and a leg every month when sunlight is free? Unfortunately, putting theory into practice hasn’t always been that simple. In the past, high installation costs meant very few people could actually afford to make the switch. And the ones who could afford what solar cost still had to ask themselves, "is solar worth it?" Luckily, that’s not the case anymore. The average cost of installing a solar energy system has plummeted by 70 percent over the last 10 years, from about $40,000 in 2010 to roughly $18,000 today. And that doesn’t even include the Federal Solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC), which, as of 2019, knocks an additional 30 percent of the cost. So the question today isn’t "how much money does solar cost?" but rather, "how much money am I going to lose if I don’t go solar?" The good news is that you don’t have to navigate the solar marketplace on your own. There are a lot of resources out there for people trying to figure it all out. And one of the best is UnderstandSolar.com. UnderstandSolar.com is a free, third-party advocate for solar power. They don't sell solar equipment, and they don’t install it. Their goal is to get more homes using solar energy by educating consumers and putting them in contact with solar industry professionals. If you’re new to solar energy, UnderstandSolar.com will teach you everything you need to know, from how solar energy systems work and how they interact with the public grid, to how much solar panels cost and how long you can expect them to last. They have overviews of all the equipment you’ll need, as well as a comprehensive guide to all the different financing and leasing options. They even have reviews of all the latest solar equipment, from panels and lights to generators and battery systems. And they can explain all the legal and financial incentives offered by the government, including the Solar Investment Tax Credit, as well as Renewable Portfolio Standards and Solar Renewable Energy Certificates. Once you’re fully informed, the next step is to get a personalized assessment of all your options. And UnderstandSolar.com makes this incredibly easy. All you have to do is fill out their online form, providing a few details about your home and your community, and UnderstandSolar will provide you with a free solar cost assessment over the phone and answer any questions you may have. After that, if you are ready to take the plunge, Understand Solar will put you in touch with top-rated installers in your area and help you arrange in-home estimates so you have as many options to choose from as possible. In short, UnderstandSolar.com takes a complicated process and makes it fast and easy. If you’re ready to find out how much money you’re losing by not going solar, why wait any longer? Visit UnderstandSolar.com get your free solar cost vs benefit analysis today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.  Share This Article 
Savvy eBay bidders may have noticed a one-of-a-kind item up for auction: the fossil of a baby tyrannosaurus rex that died about 68 million years ago is up for sale for the low, low price of $2.95 million. The fossil, discovered in 2013 by a Montanan named Alan Detrich, has been on display at the University of Kansas Natural History Museum since 2017. But now, in a move that The Guardian says has incensed paleontologists, Detrich has decided to sell it off. The listing, which as of press time is still live on eBay, reads like someone trying to unload their old, beat-up car: Most Likely the Only BABY T-Rex in the World! It has a 15 FOOT long Body and a 21" SKULL with Serrated Teeth!  This Rex was very a very dangerous meat eater.  It's a RARE opportunity indeed to ever see a baby REX, if they did not grow quickly they could not catch prey and would die. Histology shows the specimen to be approximately 4 years old upon death. Reconstruction of the skull has been done by Curator of Vertebrate Paleontology (from Natural History Museum in FL). Many of the bones are waiting to be identified, but everyday more and more are being tagged. The T-REX’ has only 12 teeth in Lower jaw and several other “claimed to be young T-Rex” are actually Nano’s. This is the case even at the Museum in L.A. Now, many Paleo’s think this maybe The “ONLY” T-REX Youth in the World!" The Society of Vertebrate Paleontology published a statement expressing disappointment that the fossil will be sold before it could be properly studied by experts in the field. "Only casts and other replicas of vertebrate fossils should be traded, not the fossils themselves. Scientifically important fossils like the juvenile tyrannosaur are clues to our collective natural heritage and deserve to be held in public trust," the statement reads. "That fossils like this are evidence of Earth’s deep past is what makes them valuable, unlike art objects or other items of trade whose value comes from human creativity and artistry. Because vertebrate fossils are rare, most of them contribute uniquely to our knowledge of the history of life. Each one that is lost from the public trust, is part of that already fragmentary history that we will never collectively recover." READ MORE: Baby T rex goes on sale on eBay, sparking paleontologists' outcry [The Guardian] More on eBay: eBay​ Has Launched the World’s First Virtual Reality Department Store Share This Article 
If you can think of a problem, there's likely a researcher somewhere trying to develop an artificial intelligence to solve it. But while AIs themselves have grown more diverse in recent years, the researchers creating the systems haven't. According to a new report out of New York University's AI Now Institute, the AI industry is still dominated by white men — and this "diversity crisis" is partially to blame for the biased AIs we're seeing crop up around the globe. "To date, the diversity problems of the AI industry and the issues of bias in the systems it builds have tended to be considered separately," the researchers wrote. "But we suggest that these are two versions of the same problem: issues of discrimination in the workforce and in system building are deeply intertwined." The AI Now team found that men comprise 82 percent of the authors at leading AI conferences and more than 80 percent of AI professors. The numbers don't get better when you leave academia, either: women make up just 15 and 10 percent of Facebook and Google's AI research staffs, respectively. Black people appear to be even less represented in the AI industry — machine vision researcher Timnit Gebru told the AI Now team she was one of just six black people at a 2016 machine learning conference attended by 8,500 people. That lack of gender and racial diversity isn't just a problem for those trying to work in the AI industry, either — it's also a problem for society as a whole. "The urgency behind this issue is increasing as AI becomes increasingly integrated into society," Stanford researcher Danaë Metaxa, who wasn't involved with the report, told The Guardian. "Essentially, the lack of diversity in AI is concentrating an increasingly large amount of power and capital in the hands of a select subset of people." The AI Now team's report includes several suggestions for how AI companies can improve workplace diversity. These include the creation of incentives for hiring underrepresented groups and the publication of detailed compensation reports broken down by race and gender. The team also shared recommendations for addressing biased AIs themselves, such as having the systems audited by independent parties and increasing transparency as to where the AIs are used. "Every day that goes by it gets more difficult to solve the problem," Tess Posner, CEO of AI4ALL, a nonprofit focused on AI diversity, told The Guardian. "Right now we are in an exciting moment where we can make a difference before we see how much more complicated it can get later." READ MORE: 'Disastrous' lack of diversity in AI industry perpetuates bias, study finds [The Guardian] More on AI: Stop Using Discriminatory AI, Human Rights Groups Say Share This Article 
Long-shot U.S. presidential candidate Andrew Yang isn't hopeful about the imminent future of humanity — that much become instantly clear in a bleak profile published today by The Verge. Public enemy number one: automation, which Yang sees as a destructive result of a rapidly globalizing market-obsessed future. The risk is millions of jobs lost and a host of undesirable side effects like financial insecurity and a decline in mental health — a joyless, dystopian future in which humans have been replaced by the machines they built. Yang's core promise is to provide every U.S. citizen with $1,000 every month. That'd usually be called basic income. Yang, however, prefers to call it a "freedom dividend" — perhaps to make the idea more digestible to center-leaning voters. "Even now, we have an epidemic not just of drug overdoses, but of anxiety, depression, and mental health problems," he told The Verge. "If you load pervasive financial insecurity and scarcity on top, you will have a population that starts dying younger, is less rational, does not know what to do." The idea isn't as far fetched as you might think. A city in California recently started an experimental basic income program providing 130 residents with monthly payments over 18 months. But Yang has a long road ahead. Polls put him at around three percent. "The path from here to figuring it out is fraught with a lot of misery and suffering," Yang said. But that's not the end of the story. "I thought to myself, realistically, my choices are to watch the society come apart or try and galvanize energy around meaningful solutions," he added later. READ MORE: Andrew Yang is the Candidate for the End of the World [The Verge] More on Yang: Presidential Hopeful Andrew Yang Plans to Campaign Via Hologram Share This Article 
Step aside, reindeer — robot dogs are hauling this load. In an ominous video titled "Mush, Spot Mush!" posted on YouTube Tuesday, robot maker Boston Dynamics showed off the sheer strength of its SpotMini quadripedal robot dog. The clip shows 10 specialized Spotmini derivatives called Spotpower hauling a box truck across a parking lot — and at a one degree incline. The robot maker announced in 2018 that it will start selling SpotMini robot dogs to the public this year. The 66 pound robot can climb stairs, cross a wide variety of different terrain and carry 31 pounds. Potential applications range from home use to private security. The caption of today's video announced that the Spotpower model will be sold to the public for a "range of applications soon." What exactly those applications will look like and how much a Spotpower will go for is still unclear. But it's an incredible feat of strength and agility that sets the bar for future commercial robots. READ MORE: See a pack of SpotMini robot dogs pull a truck in creepy feat of strength [CNET] More on Boston Dynamics: Boston Dynamic's Robot Atlas Just Went Jogging Share This Article 
Stockton, California, recently started an experimental basic income program. The concept is simple: 130 residents will receive monthly payments, no strings attached, over the course of 18 months. The first payment was delivered in February. When the experiment is complete, according to The Los Angeles Times, city authorities will pore over how people spent the money and how it changed their lives — resulting in a study that could provide crucial insight into the economics of basic income. Participants aren't exactly getting lifted out of poverty — the city is paying each person $500 each month. It's not enough to change anyone's tax bracket, but Stockton mayor Michael Tubbs argues that it could grant security to people who are struggling to make ends meet or working several jobs. "I know what it's like to be hungry or to see your mom struggling. Everyone in my neighborhood was always outside playing because their parents were working. And they weren’t at home waiting for the government to save them," Tubbs told the LA Times. "I think I have a special responsibility to elevate policy and solutions that can deal with these issues, but also to change these caricatures we have of people who are no different than anyone else. Who happen to work in jobs that don’t pay well." The pilot program's data won't be available for a few years, and the organizers are acting secretive, the LA Times reports. But in coming months, some participants are expected to share stories about how they're using the money and what it's meant to them. Actual research into the basic income program will be more data intensive, but these so-called "Storyteller" participants can give people an idea of how basic income works in the meantime. "We have a real opportunity to rethink how we talk about the safety net, what it means to get by, and we want to take advantage of that," University of Pennsylvania-affiliated researcher Amy Castro Baker told the LA Times. "I would argue that research is always informed by something that you would like to see happen or not happen in the world, and we are owning that." READ MORE: What would a universal basic income mean for America? Stockton thinks it has the answer [The Los Angeles Times] More on universal basic income: A California City Is Gearing Up To Test Universal Basic Income Share This Article 
Recall the Pepsi slogan of yore: "Refresh Everything." Apparently, that also includes the truth! On Saturday, Futurism broke a story about Pepsi's plans to use a space billboard sponsored by one of its energy drinks to protest against what it claimed were stereotypes unfair to gamers. But by Monday, after an outpouring of anger about the project on social media, PepsiCo — which owns brands ranging from Frito-Lay to Tropicana — had changed its tune about the project, saying the plans would go no further than a stratospheric test it recently carried out to try out the technology. "This was a one-time event; we have no further plans to test or commercially use this technology at this time," a PepsiCo spokesperson told Gizmodo. Except, here's the thing: They did. A press release sent to Futurism last week by Russian space company StartRocket tells a different story than the one Pepsi's pouring today. In it, StartRocket claimed the stratospheric test with a balloon was just a prelude to an ambitious space billboard — on which its first advertising client would be PepsiCo's Adrenaline Rush energy drink. "Adrenaline Rush (owned by PepsiCo Russia) became the test launch partner," it read. "The Adrenaline GameChangers logo — a newly created movement whose goal is to campaign against stereotypes and unjustified prejudices against gamers — will be the first branded image on the StartRocket orbital display after its launch." And on Friday, when a Futurism reporter asked Russian PepsiCo spokesperson Olga Mangova whether it was accurate that the company was working with StartRocket to advertise Adrenaline Rush on StartRocket's orbital billboard, the response was unambiguous. "Nice to meet you!" Mangova wrote in an email. "Yes, that’s true." Asked about its apparent flip flop on the space billboard collaboration with StartRocket, PepsiCo spokesperson Nicole Tronolone said there'd been a miscommunication, speculating that there had been a "language issue" with Russian PepsiCo employees. "The PepsiCo position has not reversed; it was inaccurately communicated," Tronolone told Futurism in an email. Tronolone declined to comment on why the press release from StartRocket said the display would be in orbit and why it referred to the space billboard in the future tense. Mangova said that the press release had been written before the stratospheric test with the balloon, but sent to media afterward. Mangova declined to say why part of the press release was written in the past tense and another part was written in the future tense, and also declined to say why it would call a balloon test an "orbital display." Asked whether it was true that PepsiCo had never planned to launch the orbital billboard, StartRocket spokesperson Nikita Belov seemed puzzled by PepsiCo's evolving stance. "Unfortunately, I can’t prove or disprove it because of lack of information," she wrote in an email to Futurism. When it comes to advertising, Pepsi hasn't exactly piloted the last few years with any kind of finesse. You may recall that time they made an ad with one of the biggest celebrities on Earth, implying that social unrest and police-state violence can be resolved with a cold can of Pepsi? If you don't, here's the Wikipedia page on what's been referred to as "possibly the worst commercial of all time." So, yeah: this tracks. Futurism first reported on the existence of StartRocket back in January. Its collaboration with Pepsi wasn't yet public, but the story launched a wave of backlash against the concept on social media — and in media outlets ranging from Wired to NBC News. As Futurism readers pointed out on social media, futuristic ads that appear among the stars of the night sky have been suggested by science fiction authors including Isaac Asimov, Arthur C. Clark, and Doug Naylor. It was even tried in real life once before, in 1993, when a Georgia company called Space Marketing proposed launching a similar project that would be visible to billions of people as it cruised across the night sky — prompting cosmologist Carl Sagan to call the idea an "abomination." In the end, perhaps nothing can stop the relentless force of marketing. In an interview with the magazine Astronomy about Pepsi's flip flop on space billboards, director of conservation for the International Dark-Sky Association John Barentine argued that some form of orbital advertising is probably unavoidable. "I think it is inevitable that someone will do this," Barentine said. "They will take the gamble that even a negative public reaction will still benefit the bottom line." "There’s not a lot that can be done," he added, "other than heaping scorn upon the companies that might advertise with the satellite owners." READ MORE: PepsiCo partnered with a Russian start-up to test orbiting billboards [Astronomy] More on orbital billboards: Pepsi Plans to Project a Giant Ad in the Night Sky Using Cubesats Share This Article 
In an interview with MIT researcher Lex Fridman, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk reiterated his belief that we're all living inside a simulation. When Fridman asked him what his first question would be for the first-ever artificial general intelligence system, Musk replied: "What's outside the simulation?" Musk has floated the possibility that we're all living in a "The Matrix" style simulation for several years. During a 2016 interview at a tech conference, Musk asserted that there's "a one in billions chance we’re in base reality." The argument: video games have evolved from a "Pong, two rectangles and a dot" he told audiences at the 2016 conference, to "photorealistic 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously." Given enough time, those games would become "indistinguishable from reality." For Musk, human reality amounts to a computer simulation created by greater forces — the extent to which he actually prescribes to this theory is hard to tell. But he has voiced concern about all-powerful AI. He has even argued that AI is "far more dangerous than nukes" at a different tech conference in 2018. "The singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon," Musk replied to a tweet by the official Twitter account of the television show Rick and Morty in 2017. "I wonder what the levels above us look like." READ MORE: Elon Musk Reveals the One Question He Would Ask a Human-Level A.I. [Inverse] More on the simulation hypothesis: MIT Prof: It's More Likely We're Living in a Simulation Than Not Share This Article 
A Russian company called StartRocket says it's going to launch a cluster of cubesats into space that will act as an "orbital billboard," projecting enormous advertisements into the night sky like artificial constellations. And its first client, it says, will be PepsiCo — which will use the system to promote a "campaign against stereotypes and unjustified prejudices against gamers" on behalf of an energy drink called Adrenaline Rush. Yeah, the project sounds like an elaborate prank. But Russian PepsiCo spokesperson Olga Mangova confirmed to Futurism that the collaboration is real. "We believe in StartRocket potential," she wrote in an email. "Orbital billboards are the revolution on the market of communications. That’s why on behalf of Adrenaline Rush — PepsiCo Russia energy non-alcoholic drink, which is brand innovator, and supports everything new, and non-standard — we agreed on this partnership." Futurism first reported on StartRocket back in January, when the company announced plans to project huge ads into the night sky using cubesats with Mylar sails that'll reflect sunlight back down to Earth during the twilight of early morning or evening. "We are ruled by brands and events," project leader Vlad Sitnikov told Futurism at the time. "The Super Bowl, Coca Cola, Brexit, the Olympics, Mercedes, FIFA, Supreme and the Mexican wall. The economy is the blood system of society. Entertainment and advertising are at its heart." The idea prompted strong backlash among Futurism readers, who objected to the idea of invading the nighttime sky with ads. "This startup made an AI read every dystopian fiction novel and is turning its cursed ramblings into business plans," wrote one. Another said that "shooting down those ads should be legal." Researchers were also concerned by the idea. "Launching art projects like this with no commercial, scientific, or national security value seems unwise," University of Michigan astronomy professor Patrick Seitzer told Astronomy. Now, StartRocket claims to have tested the technology with a helium balloon that launched one of its reflectors into the stratosphere — where it was visible from the ground. "An hour and a half after the launch we concluded that the test was successful," Sitnikov said. StartRocket plans to launch the system into orbit in 2021. It's currently raising funds, it says — and a $20,000 investment will buy eight hours of advertising in the night sky. More on orbital billboards: This Startup Wants to Launch Giant Glowing Ads Into the Night Sky Share This Article 
The 2020 race for the White House is already teeming with drama and intrigued, as happens when there are 20 — and possibly more — candidates. Each is looking to stake a claim and make their mark. But with many states to campaign in, and little time to do so, how can politicians be in more than one place at a time? Democratic presidential candidate Andrew Yang has an idea: stump speech via hologram. Yang — a recently confirmed Futurism fan — is no stranger to new ideas, considering his signature campaign promise of a guaranteed universal basic income program. On Wednesday, Yang alluded to another futuristic idea with a plan to campaign using a holographic presence. He dropped the concept during a segment on TMZ, as spotted by eagle-eyed reporters at The Hill. During the segment, Yang can be seen showing off his hologram next to a Tupac hologram. Me trying out being a hologram with hologram Tupac 👍 pic.twitter.com/IclQvAa27z — Andrew Yang (@AndrewYang) April 11, 2019  In a recent interview with Iowa newspaper the Carroll Times Herald, Yang explained the hologram is "tied into the message of the campaign around the fact that it is 2019, and soon it will be 2020, and things are changing, and we can’t just keep doing the same things over and over again and expect it to achieve the results we need." While other presidential hopefuls have similarly unconventional plans to lighten the logistical burden of campaigning, Yang's use of a hologram could allow him to be in many places at once, streaming in from a studio to answer questions live. At the very least, Yang's technological push comes at a time where the role of technology in everyday life is being questioned. Politicians are taking stock of the presence of technology in our lives and, for better or worse, shaping a vision of our future that includes possibilities like Sen. Elizabeth Warren's ambitious plan to break up tech giants, or Rep. Alexandria Ocasio Cortez's gambit to balance a sustainable future with a technological vision. READ MORE: Andrew Yang unveils plans to campaign remotely using a 3D hologram [The Verge] More on Andrew Yang: How Universal Basic Income Could Be Affordable, Andrew Yang Explains Share This Article 
On Tuesday, The Wall Street Journal reported that Walmart planned to add thousands more autonomous robots to its workforce. "With automation we are able to take away some of the tasks that associates don’t enjoy doing," Mark Propes, Walmart U.S.'s senior director of central operations, told the WSJ. "At the same time we continue to open up new jobs in other things in the store." But one employee is complaining that all the Walmart robots are doing is giving him a new, even more tedious task — babysitting a robot, essentially — while also potentially putting customers in harm's way. A person who identified themselves as a Walmart worker named Mark from Niagara Falls, N.Y. recently called in to the NPR program "On Point." He told the hosts that the autonomous robot scrubbers have only added to his workload. "You hook it up to your cellphone, and it sends you text messages when it needs help," Mark said. "The other night it needed help at 11:07, 11:10, 11:20, 11:23, 11:25... The time I take babysitting it, I could scrub rings around it with a Tenant T7 auto-scrubber." When the Walmart robots do work autonomously, they can only handle "the easy stuff," according to Mark, who explained that associates will instruct the machines to "scrub the same alley...over and over again all night" just to keep them occupied. Mark also noted that the scrubbers have a design flaw that he believes makes the machines "dangerous." He told "On Point" that he's required to enter a PIN to set a robot off to autonomously clean a route, but he doesn't have to enter one to operate the machine manually. When the robot finishes scrubbing one route, it just waits for an employee to assign it another. "It's sitting there unattended, fully energized, where anybody can get up on it, and if they hit the accelerator, it will move," he said. Given Mark's experience with the Walmart robots, his answer when asked whether he's worried about losing his job to one isn't exactly surprising. "I'm old enough to retire, and I'm really not, one way or the other," he said. "But I think the bozos who make and sell this will be looking for something else to do before auto-scrubber operators will." Still, Walmart's robots are barely out of the testing phase and will likely improve as the company is able to collect more data on them. Perhaps then they'll free associates from tedious tasks — or, despite Mark's skepticism, their jobs altogether. READ MORE: 'I Could Scrub Rings Around It': Walmart Employee Slams Grocery Store Robots [On Point] More on Walmart's robots: Walmart Is Rolling out Floor-Cleaning Robots in 1,500 Stores Share This Article 
Back in 1961, psychologist Stanley Milgram shocked the world with controversial research in which everyday people followed a scientist's instructions to electrocute someone who they thought was giving incorrect answers on a quiz — a damning indication that many people will acquiesce to brutal directives by an authority figure. In December 2018, a team of London-based scientists repeated the experiment in a VR simulation in which they asked participants to zap a virtual avatar. Even though no one got hurt, participants were just as reluctant to pull the lever — even going so far as to try rigging the experiment so they didn't have to, according to research published in the journal PLOSOne that breaks new ground in the psychology of how people relate to virtual characters. During the experiment, participants quizzed a virtual character. A correct answer meant they could move on, while an incorrect answer meant the human participant had to administer a virtual electrical jolt. The scientists noticed that participants sometimes tried to feed the virtual avatar the correct answer by pronouncing it louder — in hopes that they wouldn't be told to shock them. And even though many participants continued to follow instructions, they were measurably stressed and anxious about doing so, the researchers write in a Scientific American blog post published Friday. "At the end, even those who had cheated showed an increased stress level," they wrote. In their blog post, the scientists suggest that their research could be used to explain how people act under troubling leaders — just like how Milgram set out to explore the behavior of individual Nazis after World War II. "If we look at our experiments as a proxy for resistance to authority, we can anticipate a psychological cost to the resisters. Even though their obedience isn’t genuine, those who persist endure additional stress compared to those who decide to quit," they wrote. "In the long term they will also be facing the moral dilemma of engaged followership, wondering whether they engaged too much and in essence enabled a leader they did not want to obey." READ MORE: Would You Give a Virtual Electric Shock to an Avatar? [Scientific American] More on Milgram: Why People Believe in Conspiracy Theories – and How to Change Their Minds Share This Article 
For years, NASA has been analyzing the health effects of space travel by comparing astronaut twins Mark and Scott Kelly. In 2015 into 2016, Scott spent 340 days in orbit while Mark stayed on Earth, giving scientists rare data about how leaving the planet affects the human body. The study, finally published Thursday in the journal Science, reveals that Scott experienced a number of genetic changes while he was in space. Surprisingly, most of them reversed once he landed back on Earth, the MIT Technology Review reports, giving researchers valuable insight as space agencies prepare for longer and deeper missions into space. Over the past few years, NASA scientists have gradually released some info about the twin study's findings. Most surprising was how Scott's time in space extended his telomeres, the protective caps that protect chromosome and — at least on Earth — slowly degrade over time. While this finding will likely lead to speculation — and future research — into how spaceflight could affect human longevity, the changes were shortlived. Within half a year of his return to Earth, Scott's lengthened telomeres returned to normal, while some new, shorter-than-usual telomeres that formed upon his return persisted. Past research on astronauts suggested that extended space travel could compromise their immune systems. The new findings reveal that these changes are largely temporary and that astronauts quickly recover, which is a promising development for the prospect of sending people out to Mars and maybe even farther. But because the twin study only involved one person in space, it's hard to tell just how much each data point matters because the context is missing. "It’s analogous to the very first time that we measured someone's blood pressure," lead researcher Chris Mason told MIT Tech. "We didn't know what the actual reference numbers were until we started to measure more people." READ MORE: The first study of a twin in space looks like good news for a trip to Mars [MIT Technology Review] More on the twin study: After a Year Away from Earth, Scott Kelly’s “Space Genes” Set Him Apart From His Twin Share This Article 
On Monday, the South China Morning Post published a story about the content moderation operations at Inke, one of China's largest live-streaming companies. The piece offers a rare glimpse at how China's private sector helps facilitate government censorship. In some cases, that means flagging streams of people smoking or wearing bikinis — content that would likely seem fairly innocuous to an American audience — but in others, it means preventing internet viewers from seeing streams of people committing acts of terrorism or violence. That's the same kind of content multinational corporations such as Facebook have had trouble moderating — raising questions about what these Chinese companies have figured out that American ones haven't. Inke tasks a team of 1,200 moderators with policing the streams of its 25 million users, according to SCMP. The moderators watch streams 10- to 15-seconds before they actually go live, and in that time, they're expected to catch anything "that is against the law and regulations, against mainstream values, and against the company’s values," Zhi Heng, Inke’s content safety team leader, told the SCMP. Inke defers to guidelines published by the China Association of Performing Arts to know what content falls under that umbrella, and according to the SCMP story, it ranges from politically sensitive speech and violence to people smoking or wearing bikinis. The document is updated weekly, however, meaning content that might be acceptable one week could be censored the next, or vice versa. To make this massive task of censoring content a little more manageable on its human moderators, Inke also employs algorithms and recognition software capable of filtering content into different risk categories. The company sometimes dedicates just one human reviewer to watching streams considered "low-risk," such as cooking shows, according to SCMP, while higher-risk streams receive closer scrutiny. The idea of censoring streams of people smoking cigarettes or wearing bikinis might seem ridiculous to a Western audience. However, if Inke's combination of human and AI moderators is effective at flagging the content deemed objectionable in China, it's worth considering what it's doing that others, such as Facebook, aren't. Are Inke's algorithms better in some discernible way? Has it stumbled upon the optimum human moderator-to-user ratio? You might not agree with the content China is censoring, but content moderation isn't by default objectionable — even Facebook's own execs believe the company should have prevented the horrific livestream of the Christchurch shooting from reaching its audience, for example. So perhaps there's something Facebook and others could learn from how Inke is managing the job of filtering out undesirable online content, even if we don't agree with China's definition of undesirable. READ MORE: No smoking, no tattoos, no bikinis: inside China’s war to ‘clean up’ the internet [South China Morning Post] More on censorship: China Is Censoring “Genetically Edited Babies” on Social Media Share This Article 
NASA’s InSight lander touched down on the surface of Mars in November. Its mission: to unravel secrets about the creation of the planets in our solar system. Crucial to that mission: a broom-length robotic arm that it slowly extended after landing to place a number of sensitive scientific instruments on the Martian surface — and even drill into the planet itself. To find out more about what it takes to manipulate a robotic arm on the surface of a distant planet, Futurism talked to Al Tadros, VP of Space Infrastructure and Civil Space at SSL — where he manages the company’s relationship with NASA and helps invent the most sophisticated robot arms ever to leave Earth. This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity. Futurism: There are only five robotic arms on Mars, all five of them built by SSL. How did you become NASA's go-to contractor for robotic arms? Al Tadros: There have been five robotic arms operated on Mars and we've been fortunate to build all five of those, the most recent of which was the InSight Lander arm. We started out as a spin off from NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory about 20 years ago from a core team that was passionate about science and wanted to initiate robotic capabilities that can help JPL. F: Mars is tens of millions of miles from the nearest repair shop. How do you approach the design of something that absolutely needs to work, even with nobody around to fix it? AT: Part of the core of the space industry is that it's necessary to build hardware that functions for years without maintenance. So yes, the robotics are under extreme environmental conditions, but we have a lot of satellites that we build that have to be qualified and operated in extreme conditions as well. So we have processes, suppliers, tests and programs that test the reliability of all of what we build. The robotics on Mars have some unique environments that they have to withstand. Whereas many of our satellites were built in a cleanroom and launched and operated in the vacuum of space, the Mars landers actually go through a thin atmosphere and land on a dusty surface. When they reach a destination they have to work in a day and night environment meaning that temperature extremes with a slight atmosphere and with dust being blown around. And that does pose unique challenges for robotic or mechanical systems like the Mars landers. F: How do you simulate the Martian surface? Do you test somewhere on Earth that’s Mars-like? AT: Good question. First of all, for hardware or spacecraft that we build, we have to put it in a container and take it to a launch site and put it on the rocket. And for the first few minutes when the rocket is going up, it's being vibrated hard and it has a lot of acoustic vibrations on it — like being at a rock concert — being shaken on a stage. So we literally put it on a vibration stand and shake it in a similar fashion so that we can verify that the design meets and survives the launch. When you don't have air and you don't have thermal properties of air, you have different kinds of thermal behavior from your spacecraft. We simulate that in a vacuum chamber called a thermal vacuum chamber for that reason. F: Let's talk about the multitasking abilities of InSight. It has a handful of major scientific instruments onboard and the robotic arm plays a pretty crucial role in their deployment. How do you approach an engineering task like this? AT: These missions are science driven so the lead for these missions will be a scientist who has a primary set of assigned objectives they're trying to achieve. For the Mars InSight Lander that means placing the critical payloads on the surface of Mars. For Mars 2020, which is the next mission we are working on now, we're actually building the Mars sample handling arm which is collecting samples from the surface. And there you want to maintain a pristine sample that might be returned back to Earth, meaning there are unique requirements for that. F: What's the next phase of the InSight mission specifically that you're personally most excited to see? AT: It goes back to the very impetus of the mission — the science. What InSight is doing is studying the inner planets in our solar system. So what we study on Mars has applications here on Earth and the evolution of our own planet. And it helps us understand the solar system in a broader sense. The unique thing about studying Mars is that humans have populated a lot of the land mass here on Earth and there's a lot of human induced activities, vibration, and noise pollution that we generate. On Mars you don't have that. So we can actually study a pristine rocky planet. F: Do you envision SSL having a role in the human exploration of Mars? There's a lot of talk about taking humans to the surface of Mars. AT: It could be decades but people are working on it already — in a number of ways. Even NASA right now is focused on going forward to the Moon but in a sustainable way. But many of the capabilities they're deploying around the Moon and on the surface of the Moon are to demonstrate and evolve and advance our ability to go to Mars and further. F: Speaking of sending human astronauts to Mars, do you worry that crewed missions could be leapfrogged by robotic technology? AT: There are two aspects to that. One is, can we put humans on Mars or on the surface of the Moon? And the other is: what is it that we want us humans to do? There is an exploration gene in humanity — whether it's getting to the top of Mount Everest or probing the reason for existence or exploring our solar system. Humans are very much an exploratory species, so I think that there will always be that human element. And robotics will be used to push the envelope. As you probably noticed last week, we had the first commercial crew capsule that launched and returned to Earth, which was a phenomenal milestone. It harkens back to the start of the aviation industry, when airplanes were very experimental, but became very common place within decades. F: Do you apply AI technology at all in your robotic arms, especially regarding InSight? AT: We’re not building the software that operates it. That's JPL’s job. The rovers and the robotics on Mars are basically given a command to move to a point and wait for the next command. Or a sequence of commands are given and it follows that sequence as long as all the telemetry is green. If it runs into a problem it stops and waits for the operator back on Earth. So it's a rudimentary type of control, but it's very conservative and safe because we don't need to operate quickly. Once you get humans or other time critical elements involved, there is interest in how you automate it or how you improve the time efficiency — because the astronaut's time is precious. We haven't implemented AI on the Mars arms before, but with software and processing and algorithms now advancing so rapidly I believe that not only Gateway, but all future robotic systems will have some levels of autonomy and artificial intelligence embedded in them. F: Anything else you wanted to talk about? AT: One of the most exciting aspects of space robotics right now is the potential to assemble spacecraft, space telescopes, and other platforms in space. A spacecraft the size of the Space Station could never be built and launched on one launch vehicle. If you open up your thinking to building communication satellites, space telescopes, habitats in space — that's what I believe that we're now approaching, which harkens back to the von Braun space station from the 1940s and sci-fi. What we're going to get to is an era in space where we are not limited by the size of a launch vehicle. Share This Article 
In the United States, marijuana used to have a bad reputation. Now, more than two out of every three people in the United States support legalizing cannabis, and state laws are reflecting that shift in opinion. Medical marijuana is currently legal in 33 states plus Washington, D.C., and in 10 of those states and the nation's capital, adults over the age of 21 can legally buy marijuana for recreational use. Government officials are even starting to push for nation-wide cannabis legalization — and not just because they think more people should be getting high. Here are seven ways experts predict cannabis legalization will lead to a better future: 1. Cannabis is already creating jobs more quickly than any other industry — and the number of new jobs is expected to keep increasing as more places legalize marijuana. 2. Scientists believe legalization could make it easier for them to develop cannabis-based medical treatments. One such medication is already helping children cope with a rare, previously untreatable form of seizure-causing epilepsy, and early studies show the plant's potential to treat everything from brain aging to psychosis. 3. Legalization gives governments the opportunity to regulate cannabis cultivation, thereby ensuring farmers aren't allowed to damage the environment while growing their crops. 4. It also decreases the strain on the justice system, freeing up police — and billions of dollars in state money — to fight other criminal activity. 5. Experts are hopeful cannabis could help end the opioid crisis by easing the symptoms of withdrawal. 6. The taxes from cannabis sales could go toward improving any number of societal institutions. Oregon, where recreational marijuana is legal, recently dedicated millions in cannabis taxes to its schools and public health services. 7. By driving down cannabis costs, legalization also drives cartels and black-market dealers out of business — taking violent activity along with them. More on cannabis: New Senate Bill Would Legalize Marijuana Nationwide Share This Article 
For the first time, we can directly observe a black hole as it sucks light and matter beyond the point of no return. On Wednesday, an international coalition of scientists that came together to form the Event Horizon Telescope — more on that later — announced via livestream that they had captured direct images of a supermassive black hole in the M87 galaxy. These images signify that scientists have finally seen, first hand, celestial bodies that up until recently were only assumed to exist. For how immensely powerful they are, black holes are surprisingly tiny on a cosmic scale. According to Vox, for instance, it's comparable to standing on Earth and taking a picture of a DVD that someone left on the moon. Spotting such a small object from so far away requires a gigantic telescope — so scientists built one as big as the Earth, appropriately named the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT). "It's the equivalent of being able to read the date of a quarter in Los Angeles while we're standing here in Washington D.C.," said EHT Director Shep Doeleman during a live stream. "We've exposed part of the universe that was invisible to us before." The EHT is a network of eight telescopes from around the world that are all taking in the same data. The network relies on a technique called very-long-baseline interferometry, by which each telescope receives the same signal. Because those signals will inherently reach each telescope at a slightly different time, scientists can combine each individual scope's data, treating the network as though it was one, giant, Earth-sized telescope. The resulting files are massive — so much so that they had to be stored on physical hard drives and flown to a location where researchers combined them into one aggregate image. This limitation delayed the project, as the telescope in Antarctica was inaccessible for several months during the winter, according to Vox. Once scientists had access to the data, they began the arduous task of merging each telescope's results into the final research, accounting for minutia that risked throwing off the findings such as the Earth's rotation. We've been looking at artists' renditions and data visualizations of black holes for years. These renditions tend to show a black sphere surrounded by a big, sometimes fiery starscape. This actual image looks similar to those renderings — the silhouette of the black hole is illuminated by all of the stuff entering its event horizon. Technically, because the black hole's pull is so strong, we're observing the stuff ­behind it that's been warped all the way around by an immense gravitational force. As the YouTube account Vertasium explained, black holes are surrounded by a nearby layer of spiraling light warped by the black holes' gravity, orbiting around the black holes in such a perfect sphere that if one were to walk into it, they would be able to see the back of their heads. Because the light observed by the EHT has warped around the black hole before traveling to Earth, the shadow we see is actually the entire surface of the black hole, as though it had been ripped open and flattened like a pancake, surrounded by a disk of orbiting light. More on the black hole images: Here’s Why Everyone’s so Excited About the Black Hole Image  Share This Article 
Metallic asteroids — giant balls of iron sailing through the cosmos — may have once harbored epic space volcanoes, new research suggests. As these asteroids solidified from molten iron, liquid trapped at the core may have erupted outward, according to a study published Monday in the journal Geophysical Research Letters. The research is pretty metal, yes — but it also shines new light on the origins of the asteroids cruising through our solar system. The UC Santa Cruz scientists behind the discovery found two possible ways that the metallic asteroids could have formed, according to a press release. Operating under the assumption that the asteroids originated as floating balls of molten iron, the scientists' models predict that some cooled from the inside out. But those that crystallized on the outer surface first may have then exploded as the molten iron trapped in their cores forced its way out, carving volcanic tunnels along the way. The scientists don't expect to find much evidence of volcanic activity on asteroids that are still out there in orbit, as any volcanic craters that once existed have likely since worn away. "It's not clear what they might look like now," planetary scientist Jacob Abrahams said in the press release. Rather, the scientists argue that the best bet for verifying their models would be studying samples from metallic asteroids that have crashed into Earth. READ MORE: Iron volcanoes may have erupted on metal asteroids [UC Santa Cruz newsroom via Phys.org] More on asteroids: The “Space Nation” Warns That an Asteroid Could Wipe out Humanity Share This Article 
Courtrooms in Chicago are ordering teens awaiting trial to wear ankle monitors that not only constantly track them with GPS but also let probation officers call them at any time. While judges defend the monitors as a way to enforce probation, the monitors have legal experts up in arms over the all-but-unrestricted access they grant into the lives and goings-on of minors caught up in the penal code, CityLab reports. When wearing Track Group's ReliAlert XC3, the ankle monitor that Chicago agreed to use earlier this year, it's impossible to reject an incoming call. "I can't quite even start down the parade of horribles in terms of all the ways this could be a problem," Chicago-based attorney and former juvenile defender Sarah Staudt told CityLab. "The idea that an adult can turn on a listening device while a child is, say, in the bathroom or in their bedroom is not good." Other legal experts shared similar concerns with CityLab, describing the monitors as a needless symptom of overpolicing underprivileged parts of the city. A representative of the Circuit Court of Cook County, where Chicago is located, told CityLab that the communication system is used to remind the teens that their monitor's battery needs charging or to warn them against entering a prohibited area. The representative, Pat Milhizer, said he didn't know of any abuses of the recording system, but that the county would consider privacy concerns. Each recording is stored for 18 months, CityLab reports, so it's possible to check and make sure no one has abused a teen's privacy. Experts interviewed by CityLab argued that these monitors, which are supposedly meant to give minors an alternative to incarceration, do more harm than good. Research suggests that almost everyone who's released before trial will show up at court of their own accord, even without monitoring. Meanwhile, people with ankle monitors often end up committing some technical violation that results in them being incarcerated anyway. As one 15-year-old wearing an ankle monitor told Citylab, "They give you all the tools to bury yourself." READ MORE: Chicago’s Ankle Monitors Can Call and Record Kids Without Their Consent [CityLab] More on incarceration: U.S. Prisons Are Covertly Gathering Inmates’ Biometric Voice Data Share This Article 
On Wednesday morning, astronomers from the Event Horizon Telescope, a collaborative network of telescopes and astronomy research facilities around the world, are expected to release the first ever pictures of the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy. Accompanying it will be a picture of an even larger black hole in the Virgo constellation. In the past, images of black holes have been limited to pictures of the stuff surrounding them, or to computer models. The New York Times interviewed a number of astronomers who are excited to really see a black hole for the first time, and have visual evidence that confirms years of scientific speculation. For some researchers, the draw is just the wow factor. "Yes, I'm definitely excited to see the image!" University of Chicago scientist Daniel Holz told the Times. "It’s not really rational, since I know the math works and the theory has been thoroughly tested. But still, this would be a picture of the real thing, up close and personal. That is super cool." Yale astrophysicist Priyamvada Natarajan echoed Holz's sentiment: "It's exciting, even just technically, to get this up close and personal to a black hole." That excitement is understandable — a giant black hole, scientifically confirmed just a few years ago, holds our galaxy together. And yet we have no idea what it looks like, other than artists' renderings of black spheres. No one, aside from the scientists leading the Event Horizon Telescope project, knows what to expect from Wednesday's reveal. The Times writes that existing data suggest the black holes will look like a tiny dot illuminated by nearby stars and radiation. But the shape of the black holes could be circular, ovate, or even twisted depending on the black holes' rotation. More importantly, the image will likely show whether the equations scientists use to describe black holes are correct. Until Wednesday, we'll just have to wait and see. "For the first time," the Times wrote, "astronomers will be staring down the pipes of eternity." READ MORE: Expected Soon: First-Ever Photo of a Black Hole [The New York Times] More on the black hole pictures: Astronomers Are Teasing the First-Ever Photo of a Black Hole Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. When it comes to education, the internet has made distance nearly irrelevant leveling the playing field for millions of individuals who don't have easy access to schools or universities. But aside from distance, the advanced educational technology is also helping solve two other issues that plague education: scarcity and exclusivity. While everyone wants to learn from the best in a particular field, it's usually physically impossible and economically infeasible to do so for all but a privileged few. But thanks to modern educational technology, the best and the brightest can impart their valuable insights to a virtually unlimited amount of students, and can do so at an affordable cost. That's where MasterClass comes in. From Daniel Negreanu to Gordon Ramsay, Masterclass online courses allow world renowned experts to share their valuable knowledge and experience to anyone, anytime, anywhere. The online courses are taught via video by the world's greatest minds, and cover a wide range of compelling topics. So whether you're looking to learn about the wonders of outer space from someone who's experienced it first hand, or discover the basics of cooking from a Michelin-rated chef, MasterClass online courses provide hundreds of hours of on-demand educational material. So take a look at the variety of options listed below, and see all that MasterClass online courses have to offer. Judd Apatow, the writer/director behind such comedic classics as The 40-Year-Old Virgin and Freaks and Geeks, began studying comedy at age 15. Now, over the course of 32 MasterClass online courses, the Emmy Award winner will use his 36-years of experience to teach you the art of writing and directing comedy, as well as crafting a stand-up routine for a live audience. Despite his humble agrarian roots in southern Ontario, Chris Hadfield decided to aim for the stars... literally. And after many years of hard work and meticulous study, he became the first Canadian astronaut to perform a spacewalk, and eventually the first Canadian to command the International Space Station. In his 28 Masterclass video lessons, Hadfield will give a detailed explanation of the science of space travel as well as a detailed account of life as an astronaut. He'll also describe how his time in space changed his perception of the planet we all call home. With six World Series of Poker bracelets to his name, Daniel Negreanu is one of the most accomplished live-tournament poker players of all time. Now the Poker Hall Of Famer is imparting his winning wisdom via 38 MasterClass video lessons. Negreanu will discuss advanced theory and practice techniques, including advice on increasing your win rate, growing your ROI, and reading your opponents. World renowned chess Grandmaster Garry Kasparov is arguably the greatest player to ever play the game. He became a world champion at the age of 22, and between 1986 and 2005, he was ranked as the No. 1 player for all but three months. Now, over the course of 29 MasterClass video lessons, the six-time World Chess Champion will teach you a wide variety of winning strategies and advanced tactics that will help take your own chess game to extraordinary heights. For many, Gordon Ramsay is best known as the foul-mouthed star of cooking shows like Hell's Kitchen. But before becoming a television celebrity, he had already proved himself as a world-renowned chef. Over the course of his career, his restaurants have been awarded a total of 16 Michelin stars. And in 20 MasterClass online courses that were filmed in his own home kitchen, Ramsay will help you master the art of cooking and show you how to go about preparing some unforgettable dishes. With such a wide variety of accomplished teachers and incredibly informative classes, it can be difficult to decide on which MasterClass to take. Luckily, with MasterClass All-Access, you don't have to choose. As the name implies, the All-Access pass puts the entire MasterClass's video catalog at your disposal and allows you to take full advantage of an unbelievable amount of expert advice. Share This Article 
The leader of Asgardia, which styles itself as humanity's first "space nation," has a warning for world leaders: a life-threatening asteroid impact is "inevitable" unless we do something to stop it. "In the last 100 years, the Earth has been hit at least three times by space objects, each with an explosive power many times greater than the Hiroshima atomic bomb," Igor Ashurbeyli said in a press release shared with Futurism. "Future life-threatening impacts are inevitable unless defences [defenses] are built." "World leaders must intensify efforts to detect and track [near-earth objects] and create ways to deflect them from a strike on earth," he added. Let's be real: It'd be easy to dismiss anything that comes from Asgardia as a joke. The nation is little more than an idealistic concept at this point — it doesn't have anywhere for its citizens to live, and its name sounds kinda silly. However, Ashurbeyli isn't the first person to express concerns that an asteroid could wipe out humanity — scientists and other experts have been sounding the warning for years. He also isn't the only one who thinks world leaders aren't doing enough to protect the planet from the threat — retired NASA astronaut Russell “Rusty” Schweickart recently asserted that the United States should be doing a lot more to detect potential asteroid strikes. Thankfully, space agencies aren't completely ignoring the threat of Earth-bound asteroids. NASA is currently developing a probe to smash into incoming asteroids to redirect them away from the Earth, with plans to launch in 2020 or 2021. The European Space Agency, meanwhile, is developing a "self-driving" spacecraft to work in conjunction with NASA's probe. Whether these projects will be ready in time to prevent an asteroid from smashing into the Earth and causing humanity to go the way of the dinosaur, however, is currently impossible to predict. READ MORE: Scientists With Asgardia Are Demanding Swift Action To Stop Threat Of Apocalyptic Asteroid Strike On Earth [Inquisitr] More on Asgardia: We Talked to the New Leader of Space Nation Asgardia About What the Future Holds Share This Article 
It probably comes as no surprise that people who possess high levels of reading efficiency tend to be more successful in both business and academics. After all, knowledge is power, and the ability to process and retain knowledge through speed reading is an invaluable skill. Unfortunately, for many people, improving reading efficiency is easier said than done. Luckily, there are methods you can use to vastly improve your reading skills by changing the way your brain functions while you read. By learning these science-backed cognitive hacks, you’ll be able to receive and interpret information at a faster pace, vastly improving both your reading speed and comprehension in the process. And one of the best ways to learn these invaluable speed reading hacks is with a lifetime subscription to Stack Social’s Award-Winning Speed Reading Bundle. With this bundle, you’ll receive lifetime access to three different software programs specifically designed to improve your reading speed and comprehension. They include online video tutorials, e-readers, and other tools created by professionals to help you to master the art of speed reading. Not only will these programs retrain your brain to read more efficiently, but they will also help you unlearn the bad habits that are currently holding you back. And best of all, Stack Social’s Award-Winning Speed Reading Bundle is incredibly affordable. While buying these courses individual would cost hundreds of dollars, right now you can get lifetime access for only $19.00. Take a look at what’s included in the Speed Reading Bundle: 7 Speed Reading EX 2019 is designed to help you triple your speed using various exercises and activities, while also providing various strategies for better, faster comprehension. It includes video tutorials from world-renowned experts, as well as interactive exercises, and access to a library of more than 20,000 eBooks. It also includes e-reader software which gives you the ability to upload any article, text file, PDF, or webpage, so you can practice these techniques while using text you would actually read as part of your daily routine. In addition to helping you read faster, you’ll also learn how to eliminate your bad habits, as well as techniques for proper eye care. Studies show that the number one driver of career success comes down to your vocabulary. Vocab1 is an intuitive software that uses the proven science of contextual learning, paired with expertly curated word lists, to help double your vocabulary through fun, quick activities. Vocab1 boasts the ability to build your vocabulary effortlessly while providing you with a better grasp of the English language. This vocabulary software has a massive database of over 520 million words to use contextually, allowing you to build word lists and track your progress. Since this skill-enhancing software will teach you the deeper meaning of words, it’s an extremely useful tool for anyone who is looking to further increase their speed. Used in conjunction with 7 Speed Reading EX 2019, Spreeder CX 2019 provides huge benefits to anyone interested in mastering the art of speed reading. The software uses RSVP (rapid serial visual presentation) to reduce the amount of eye movement required to read. Instead of trying to read an entire page left-to-right, Spreeder CX delivers short bursts of words in the area your eye is focused, and optimizes the speed at which you read. The program is also highly customizable, allowing users control over various aspects including pauses, fonts, background color, and much more. As mentioned above, Stack Social’s Award-Winning Speed Reading Bundle provides incredible tools at an incredible price. Sold separately, these courses would cost hundreds of dollars apiece. But right now, you can get lifetime access to all three programs for only $19.00. That’s a discount of 97 percent. So if you’re interested in learning the techniques that will help you hack your brain for greater speed and comprehension, click here to give this amazing software a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For anyone looking to lessen their environmental impact, it's important to know not only where your furniture comes from, but how it's made. For example, a recent study claims that America's rapid consumption of furniture produced in China has led to major deforestation in central Africa. This is due in no small part to the fact that mass-produced furniture tends to be disposable in nature, and is often made of lower-quality materials which are sometimes unethically sourced. Luckily, Modos line of adjustable furniture can be easily expanded and reconfigured to meet your specific needs. Philosophically, Modos Furniture aims to be friendly in everything they do. Because of this, they create and design user-friendly, adjustable furniture that grows with you as your needs evolve. What sets Modos' apart from other brands is its unique, tool-free, connector/board assembly, along with a reconfigurable design that allows its products to be re-imagined and repurposed at a moment's notice. Additionally, the use of durable, sustainably harvested materials means Modos adjustable furniture is far better for the environment than typical, mass-produced furniture. Thanks to Modos' revolutionary design, your furniture will be able to evolve to meet your changing needs. If you move to a new location, add a new member to your family, or simply want to switch up your existing configuration, Modos' allows you to seamlessly upgrade and reconfigure your furniture whenever you like. And with Modos, buying custom furniture has never been easier. One of the most annoying things about furniture is putting it together, but that's not the case with Modos. They've put great effort into making their furniture function as simply as possible. They achieved this by focusing on users experience with the aim of making furniture assembly easy and enjoyable. As such, Modos uses three different connectors and boards that require no tools to construct. The revolutionary design of the boards and connectors ensures that putting together Modos furniture feels like a fun game you're definitely going to win. Modos is committed to creating products with zero waste. They do this by designing shelves to be cut from 4'x8' sheets of recycled or reclaimed wood. This results in nearly perfect yields, leaving only sawdust. As for the connectors, they're pressed from a billet of aluminum and cut into 1-inch sections. The aluminum sawdust is recycled, resulting in 0-percent material waste. Once everything is precision cut, the pieces are flat-packed for efficient shipping. From start to finish, Modos products are made with the environment in mind, including the connectors, which can eventually be recycled. Plus, all Modos products, some of which can be seen below, are handmade in the USA and designed with love in Brooklyn. Available in eco-friendly bamboo, the wood Monitor Stand/Laptop Stand elevates your computer, freeing up desk space and creating a storage area to help to keep your workspace organized. This five-cell shelf is a great way for storing and displaying books, records, plants, and various other items. And the easy to reconfigure design will look stylish in nearly any room. The Modos Platform Bed sits on top of a rigid hexagonal structure which leaves plenty of room underneath for storage. And the platform keys into the structure for added security and structural integrity, and is available in all US standard bed sizes. If the company's preconfigured furniture isn't right for your space, check out Modos' online 3D product customizer. It can easily accommodate your specific requests, making your home's awkward corners and wasted spaces a thing of the past. They people behind Modos want everyone to have access to beautiful, affordable furniture that makes their lives easier and simpler while supporting local communities and embracing the environment. Modos' adjustable furniture is modern, customizable, reconfigurable, and loveable. It's the eco-friendly future of furniture, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Unfortunately for our new AI overlords, the crusade to take over the world has been stopped in its tracks by an unlikely hurdle: a 16-year-old's math test. Faced with the same level of exam that a 16-year-old in the U.K. would take, according to a new paper by Google's DeepMind, its cutting-edge AI flunked. The algorithm was trained on the sorts of algebra, calculus, and other types of math questions that would appear on a 16-year-old's math exam according to the U.K. national curriculum, according to DeepMind research published online on Tuesday. The researchers tested several types of AI and found that algorithms struggle to translate a question as it appears on a test, full of words and symbols and functions, into the actual operations needed to solve it, according to an article on Medium. It turns out, according to the research, that even a simple math problem involves a great deal of brainpower, as people learn to automatically learn to make sense of mathematical operations, memorize the order in which to perform them, and know how to turn word problems into equations. But artificial intelligence is quite literally built to pore over data, scanning for patterns and analyzing them. In that regard, the results of the test — on which the algorithm scored a 14 out of 40 — aren't reassuring. READ MORE: DeepMind AI Flunks High School Math Test [Synced via Medium] More on Deepmind: There’s a Power Struggle Inside Google to Control Superhuman AI Share This Article 
Airbnb's policy on recording guests is clear: hosts are allowed to have cameras on their property — but only if the devices aren't in bathrooms or rooms where guests sleep, and only if they give guests a chance to consent before they book a listing. But the company has repeatedly bungled its response to hosts who don't adhere to the policy in a way that makes it seem more worried about bad press than guest safety — missteps that raise questions about gig economy platforms' incentives to properly regulate their workers. On Friday, Sky News published a grim story recounting the experience of a New Zealand family that discovered their Airbnb host in Ireland was not only recording them in secret — but livestreaming the feed. "We were all looking at ourselves on [my husband's] phone," Nealie Barker told Sky News. "I had one of those horrible adrenaline rushes you get when you sense danger." But weeks later, Airbnb told the family it had "found no wrong-doing on [the host's] part" and wouldn't be removing his listing. It wasn't until the family took their story to social media that the host was removed from the platform and the family offered a refund. That blundering response wasn't an isolated incident, either. A recent story by The Atlantic recounts similar experiences by several other guests, four of whom told the publication that Airbnb had "inconsistently applied its own rules when investigating their claims, providing them with incorrect information and making recommendations that they say risked putting them in harm’s way." Guests are right to be afraid. According to Airbnb's website, 2.9 million hosts use the platform to supplement — and sometimes altogether replace — their work incomes. It's not hard to imagine that a host concerned they might lose that Airbnb cash due to evidence of a hidden camera might take drastic action to prevent getting caught. Indeed, when guest Max Vest discovered two undisclosed cameras recording him at a Miami Airbnb, his first thought was to flee, but that was quickly followed by concerns about what the host might do if he knew Vest had found him out. "I know what [the host] had [at] stake by being caught," the children’s-camp director told The Atlantic. Vest was able to escape without incident — only to have a member of Airbnb's Trust & Safety team then urge him to return to the home to hand over the host's keys. "No one really seems to know what they’re doing," Jeff Bigham, another hidden camera victim, told The Atlantic. "And it seems like it’s only going to get worse." READ MORE: Airbnb Has a Hidden-Camera Problem [The Atlantic] More on hidden cameras: Cities’ “Smart” Led Streetlights May Be Secretly Watching Over You Share This Article 
The ongoing war between Elon Musk and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) just wrapped up its latest battle. The bare bones: On Thursday afternoon, a federal court heard oral arguments related to the SEC's recently filed motion asserting that Tesla's CEO violated the terms of a 2018 settlement agreement — the most recent drama in an unusual and high-profile spat between a buttoned-up federal agency and a devil-may-care executive. Here's everything you need to know about what led up to the hearing, what actually went down, and what it could mean for the future of Tesla and its tweet-happy CEO. In August, Musk tweeted that he'd secured funding to take Tesla private. The only problem was that he hadn't — and the following month, the SEC filed a lawsuit against Musk, alleging that his tweet had intentionally mislead Tesla investors. By mid-October, Musk and Tesla officially settled the lawsuit, agreeing to pay the SEC a total of $40 million. Musk also agreed to give up his seat as Tesla's chairman for three years and allow lawyers to oversee his communications. Tesla did replace Musk as chairman, but his tweets kept coming, including a Feb. 19 specimen in which Musk claimed that Tesla would make about 500,000 cars in 2019 — contradicting public filings placing that number closer to 400,000 (Musk corrected himself with another tweet four hours later). The next day, the SEC asked Tesla if anyone had reviewed the first tweet prior to Musk sending it. Tesla answered in the negative, and on Feb. 25, the SEC filed a motion claiming Musk violated the terms of the settlement and should therefore be held in contempt of court. That brings us to Thursday, when lawyers for the SEC and Tesla each had 45 minutes to make their case to Manhattan federal judge Alison Nathan as to why Musk should or shouldn't be held in contempt of court. During the SEC's time, attorney Cheryl Crumpton said that Musk "recklessly tweeted out information that has no basis in fact" and that "it's become pretty clear over the course of the last few weeks" he doesn't intend to comply with the terms of the settlement, according to Bloomberg's live updates of the hearing. “Tesla’s conduct is also troubling to the SEC,” Crumpton told the judge. “This court ordered Tesla to implement a mandatory pre-approval process, but they are apparently fine with Mr. Musk making up his own procedure," adding that "Tesla still seems unwilling to exercise any meaningful control over the conduct of its CEO." During his time speaking before Nathan, Tesla's lawyer John Hueston argued that the settlement's language leaves it up to Musk to decide what information needs to be pre-approved. If he doesn't think it's "material," he doesn't need the pre-approval. "[The SEC] agreed to take out language saying that everything has to be approved," Hueston said, according to Bloomberg. "There has to be an oversight process and there is an oversight process. They’re not happy about that today.” After hearing from both sides, Nathan ordered the SEC and Tesla to arrange a meeting between themselves and send the court a letter within two weeks letting it know if they've reached an agreement, according to Teslarati's coverage, which notes that the SEC and Tesla will hear from the judge "in due course" if they can't work out their differences on their own. If that's the case, and the judge decides Musk was in contempt, she could decide to fulfill the SEC's request that Musk be forced to pay "a series of escalating fines" for any future violations of the settlement agreement. She could also insist that Musk provide the SEC with monthly reports showing he is complying with the terms of the settlement. For now, though, it looks like speculation that Musk might be forced to step down as CEO of Tesla is unwarranted — if that was the SEC's end game, it likely would have made the request during this hearing. Musk didn't speak during the hearing, which wrapped up less than two hours after it began, but afterwards he said he was "very impressed with Judge Nathan's analysis." Nathan, however, doesn't appear impressed with the situation between Musk and the SEC, telling the courtroom that she had "serious concerns that... the issue will not be finally resolved" regardless of her decision. READ MORE: Live Now: Elon Musk Judge Hears Arguments in SEC Contempt Fight [Bloomberg] More on the SEC: SEC Threatens Elon Musk With Legal Action Over New Tweet Share This Article 
When an AI algorithm learns a new skill — say a video game like StarCraft II — it can get good enough to topple the best human pros. But that's only true if everyone plays by the rules. Change the parameters of the game, and the AI will find itself totally unable to adapt. AI that excels at the game Pong can't handle even the slightest shift in distance between the two paddles. Now, new IBM research set to be presented at an AI conference in May could change that. The tech company says it's built an algorithm that can learn on the fly, leveraging something resembling a virtual memory to adapt to a changing environment without needing to be trained from scratch. When it was playing a game of Flappy Bird, for instance, the algorithm could continue to play even as the distance between pipes and obstacles kept changing, according to the research paper recently shared online by the IBM-Watson AI lab — a remarkable example of flexible reasoning by a next-generation AI, and perhaps a sign of things to come. The end goal of projects like this is to build artificial general intelligence, or the sort of human-like — or super-human-like — AI from science fiction. This new research isn't there yet, but it does enable AI to learn in a more humanlike fashion by mimicking the brain's flexibility and ability to update its knowledge base over time. IBM scientist Matt Riemer describes how his team's research tackles the problem of forgetful AI in an unpublished blog post that hasn't yet undergone internal review at IBM that was reviewed by Futurism. Typically, an algorithm will fall prey to what's called "catastrophic forgetting" wherein AI forgets its previous training, wiping the slate clean and forgetting all previous training as soon as they're trained on a new task. Other scientists have tackled catastrophic forgetting. One team from Google's DeepMind even built an algorithm with a semblance of an imagination that allowed it to better store "memories." This new research tackles a similar problem as the DeepMind research, but from a different angle, IBM spokesperson Fiona Dohertytold Futurism. But Riemer wrote that keeping an algorithm from forgetting isn't as good as making AI that can adapt and learn new things. "However, approaches that only consider stabilizing continual learning by reducing 'forgetting' are only looking at half the picture, so it is easy to construct domains where they fail," Riemer wrote in the blog. The main difference is that IBM's team found a way to train AI so that when it encounters changes to its environments, whether it's the distance between pipes in Flappy Bird or anything else, its existing knowledge and training transfers to that new task instead of interfering with it. Ultimately, Riemer writes, the goal is to create AI that can go do its own thing, learning and adapting without needing a human to supervise and hold its hand along the way. More on AI: You Have No Idea What Artificial Intelligence Really Does Share This Article 
The general consensus among experts is we're headed toward a future in which humans driving cars will seem downright archaic. In a new Vox essay, New York University data journalism professor Meredith Broussard disagrees. She thinks the era of the autonomous car is far from inevitable, and not because researchers won't be able to perfect the tech — she argues that it's the role drivers currently play in society that we won't be able to live without. On Wednesday, Vox published Hindsight 2070, a series of 15 articles penned by experts in various fields, each answering the same question: "What do we do now that will be considered unthinkable in 50 years?" Broussard was one of those experts, and she believes the existence of "unspoken social contracts" between riders and drivers will make driverless cars seem "unthinkable" to future generations. In Vox, she describes an incident in which she witnessed a Manhattan bus driver calm an agitated passenger. "The simple explanation for why this situation didn’t escalate: the unspoken social contract of the bus driver’s authority in this space," she wrote. Essentially, she argues that having someone "in charge" makes public transportation feel safer, especially for marginalized groups. "It doesn’t feel safe to imagine riding in a shared driverless vehicle... because it doesn’t feel safe to be alone in a small, enclosed space with strange men," she wrote. Broussard's Vox piece doesn't cite any studies establishing the role drivers play in keeping shared transportation safe or at least safe-feeling, but her anecdotal evidence is thought-provoking. Today, much of the autonomous car conversation is focused on when we'll perfect the tech, with occasional diversions to discuss how the vehicles might impact traffic, decrease accidents, or increase unemployment. The idea that a driverless future will make passengers feel less safe from the threat of other people isn't talked about much, if at all —  but Broussard thinks we'll soon realize that it's a discussion we should have been having all along. "In 50 years, we’ll likely regret spending so much on this futile, antisocial endeavor," she wrote for Vox. "It’s time to collectively say no to the fantasy of the driverless car and invest in making our existing transportation systems better." READ MORE: Self-driving cars will be considered unthinkable 50 years from now [Vox] More on self-driving cars: Elon Musk Compares Driving a Non-Autonomous Vehicle in 2037 to Riding a Horse Today Share This Article 
Ever since it was first released back in 2012, the Raspberry Pi has been wildly popular with tech enthusiasts across the globe. While it was originally created as a simple low-cost device for teaching kids how to code, the pocket-sized miniature computer quickly developed a cult following among programmers, gamers, and other hobbyists looking for computing power on the cheap. The latest version consists of single circuit board with a 1.4GHz processor and 1GB of RAM. On the surface, that might not sound impressive. However, what the Raspberry Pi lacks in raw power it more than makes up for in versatility. Since it costs just $35 and is no bigger than a credit card, it's an ideal piece of hardware to perform an almost unlimited array of computing tasks. From streaming movies and hosting VPNs, to playing retro video games and controlling drones, Pi users continue to find new, practical uses for their mini-machines. Some are even using the Pi as an all-purpose, opensource smarthome hub, allowing their various smarthome devices and virtual assistants to work together as a cohesive unit regardless of operating system or brand. But given its extreme versatility, the Pi can be a bit intimidating to outsiders. When dealing with a machine with unlimited uses, where do you even begin? The good news is it's not as hard as you think. There are a lot of online resources that can help you get you up to speed on the Raspberry Pi revolution. And one of the best is the Complete Raspberry Pi 3B+ Starter Kit & Course Bundle. With this bundle, not only do you receive access to three online courses by programming and IT expert Lee Assam, but you'll also get an actual Raspberry Pi3B+ along with a 37-piece sensor kit from Sunfounder. Here's a closer look at everything that's included: Raspberry Pi Bootcamp This online course is basically Raspberry Pi 101. Designed for users of all experience levels, it starts with the fundamentals before moving on to some common Raspberry Pi projects. Your subscription comes with lifetime 24/7 access to two hours of instruction broken up into 50 individual lessons. 2018 Ultimate Guide to Raspberry Pi While the second course is still beginner friendly, it will take you deeper down the rabbit hole and give you a greater understanding of what the world's most popular mini-computer can do. You get lifetime 24/7 access to over four hours of instruction broken up into 76 lessons. Topics include working with Python, using GPIO pins, setting up sensors, and using the Pi camera module. Building Alexa Skills for Home Automation with Raspberry Pi Last but not least, we have the course that will teach you how to turn your home into the Jetsons’ house. Featuring 24/7 lifetime access to four hours of instruction broken up into 55 lessons, this course will teach you the basics of Amazon’s Alexa ecosystem. You'll learn how to use Raspberry Pi to interface with your home electronics and devices, and how to create custom Alexa skills so that your entire home can be voice automated. 37 Sensors Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi (Pi 3B+ Included) After you’ve mastered the basics of Raspberry Pi with these online courses, you can start putting your knowledge to work with this kit from Sunfounder. It comes with 37 individual sensor modules that do everything from track movement to detecting rain, as well as detailed instructions for building games, robots, tools, and tracking systems. Best of all, it comes with an actual Raspberry Pi 3B+ featuring dual band wifi and Bluetooth, four USB ports, an HDMI port, an ethernet port, a 3.5mm stereo output port, 40-pin GPIO (General Purpose Input/Output) port, and a microSD slot. So whether you’re interested in the Pi for its practical applications or you’re just looking for a cool new hobby, the Complete Raspberry Pi 3B+ Starter Kit & Course Bundle is the best way to get started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The death of its star wasn't enough to destroy a planet 400 light years away from Earth. Not totally, anyway. For just the second time ever, astronomers have found a fragment of a planet circling around one of the small, dense remains of a star known as a white dwarf. Even cooler: This is the first such discovery made using spectroscopy, a technique that could make it far easier to detect similar fragments in the future — and astronomers believe those fragments could help us better understand not only other solar systems, but also our own. The first time astronomers detected a solid body orbiting a white dwarf, they did so using the "transit method'' — essentially, they were looking at just the right place when the fragment passed between the white dwarf and the Earth, which caused a detectable dip in the light from the star. In a study published in the journal Science on Thursday, astronomers from the University of Warwick detail how they used the Gran Telescopio Canarias in La Palma to study a star with the not-at-all-pithy moniker SDSS J122859.93+104032.9. This time, they used spectroscopy to analyze the gas around the star, leading to the discovery of the planet fragment. According to their study, the fragment is likely at least one kilometer (.62 miles) wide, but its diameter could be as much as a few hundred kilometers (186 miles). It's positioned extremely close to the white dwarf, making a full orbit around it every two hours, and it was likely able to survive the destruction of its planetary system thanks to a sturdy iron and nickel composition. Researcher Christopher Manser said in a press release that the team already knows of several other solar systems with debris discs similar to that of SDSS J122859.93+104032.9, so they plan to begin looking for fragments around those next. "We are confident that we will discover additional planetesimals orbiting white dwarfs," Manser said, "which will then allow us to learn more about their general properties." And given that our own Sun will one day die, anything that we can learn about white dwarfs will essentially help us better understand the future of our own solar system. READ MORE: Heavy metal planet fragment survives destruction from dead star [Phys.org] More on white dwarfs: In About 10 Billion Years, Our Sun Will Harden Into a Giant Crystal Share This Article 
Microsoft is about to delete its eBook store. And when it goes, so too will every single book that anyone bought on the platform. Those soon-to-be disgruntled readers will get full refunds, BBC reports, but the shutdown serves as a reminder of the transience of the internet — and how even media people think they own can be deleted with the push of a button. In another recent example of the same phenomenon, Myspace deleted over a decade of music history when the surprisingly-extant social media site migrated across servers last month. And while the news prompted countless jokes from people who were relieved that a record of their cringey teenage years had been erased, it also demonstrated how quickly things stored on the internet can be lost forever. Microsoft's eBook store closure isn't so extreme — the books still exist elsewhere. But the store's customers will still find themselves cut off from media that they thought they owned. In the long run, Microsoft closing its digital bookstore won't change much. People will get their money back and feasibly be able to find their books elsewhere, armed with the knowledge that buying an eBook is really more of borrowing a rental that can be nabbed away at any time. READ MORE: Microsoft's eBook store: When this closes, your books disappear too [BBC News] More on books: This Ebook Company Is Trying to Make Reading More Like Videogames Share This Article 
After utterly crushing it on "Jeopardy!" IBM wanted to shift focus with its artificial intelligence division, Watson. The much-hyped premise was that Watson would revolutionize healthcare, as a computer could feasibly store and access a database of medical knowledge better than a human practitioner. But now, after eight years of waiting with little in the way of results, several doctors told IEEE Spectrum that they're getting fed up — bad news for IBM, but also a potential inflection point for the AI field. In July, Watson made headlines for offering potentially dangerous medical advice based on hypothetical patient data — a failure that contrasted IBM's lofty goals and claims that Watson would be able to pore through medical research to make the best diagnoses and recommend the best treatments for patients. "They came in with marketing first, product second, and got everybody excited," UC San Francisco medical chair Robert Wachter told IEEE Spectrum. "Then the rubber hit the road. This is an incredibly hard set of problems, and IBM, by being first out, has demonstrated that for everyone else." "Reputationally, I think they’re in some trouble," he added. Part of the problem stems from IBM's impressive body of AI research not quite reaching the point of clinical relevance. "Merely proving that you have powerful technology is not sufficient,” Martin Kohn, a former IBM medical scientist, told IEEE Spectrum. “Prove to me that it will actually do something useful — that it will make my life better, and my patients’ lives better." Kohn said that he's waiting to see IBM's marketing division back their claims up with peer-reviewed scientific research that AI, whether or not its even Watson, benefits doctors. "To date there’s very little in the way of such publications," he told IEEE Spectrum, "and none of consequence for Watson." READ MORE: How IBM Watson Overpromised and Underdelivered on AI Health Care [IEEE Spectrum] More on Watson: Your Future Doctor May Not be Human. This Is the Rise of AI in Medicine. Share This Article 
If old-fashioned books are too boring for you, ebook distributor OverDrive wants to gamify them with interactive elements and video game-inspired achievements and badges for kids who finish their reading homework. "I actually had a team studying how Fortnite became so addictive," co-founder and CEO Steve Potash told Futurism. "This is why with [OverDrive's student-focused reading app] Sora we have badges and achievements, and we're actually in the school market, creating social. We're not actually saying 'pick a reading squad and go kill some books,' but we're trying to learn from the addictive nature of interactive gaming." Publishers are already using OverDrive's open-source platform to add voiceovers, music, and even Netflix-like "choose your own adventure" elements to their ebooks. Virtual and augmented reality content are on the way too, thanks to the marriage of artificial intelligence tech, big data, and good ol' fashioned books. In other words, according to Potash, reading will never be the same. OverDrive's team of engineers has also been leveraging its vast pile of library data, Potash said — the company's platform streamlines ebook lending for libraries around the world, so the engineers get real-time information on which books people are reading where, and for how long — to develop new AI tools. While some of these AI developments are being used to improve OverDrive's smart assistant-style library borrowing app called Libby, others are designed to improve reading habits in tech-savvy schools. That means building algorithms that can predict which books a student will enjoy and want to finish, as well as building new learning tools to enhance the reading experience. "Sometimes people just want a book with an orange cover," Potash told Futurism. "If kids will read more because their favorite animal's on the cover, we want to know that. AI is helping these institutions become more relevant in serving their functions." Teachers can even insert quizzes right into the pages of a book — either to streamline homework or to make sure students are reading books at an appropriate age level. The big idea, Potash says, is to make the experience of reading more like a video game or Netflix. "Everything you can do streaming, you'll be able to do on the page," Potash said. "If a user has a broadband connection, that can happen today because any kind of embedded link on the page can be resolved." Potash envisions a slew of ways to improve books with AI, like smart assistants that take on the persona of an author, AR content that drops readers inside the historical scene they're reading about, or games built into books that help students learn new words and concepts. In the meantime, OverDrive is trudging ahead with backend AI systems, that either help libraries buy books that are more likely to circulate or help teachers find books that actually teach the lessons that they want to work into their curricula. "This is coming, the biggest excitement we have is not the sexy front-end things I can show [on a demo]," Potash said, "but looking at the 250,000 books we have in the classroom, extracting the themes and concepts and aligning those to the curriculum." More on books and AI: Novelists Have a Boring New Gimmick: Writing Dull Books With AI Share This Article 
Scientists have figured out how to genetically alter bacteria to churn out super-strong spider silk. Pound for pound, spider silk is much stronger than steel, but farming spiders is incredibly inefficient, according to a press release — so finding a way to mass produce the material could lead to super-strong fabrics and perhaps even next-generation space suits. Put enough spiders as you'd need to farm silk together, and they tend to eat each other. Edit the gene for spider silk production into bacteria as is — now a common manufacturing process — and it gets rejected. "In nature, there are a lot of protein-based materials that have amazing mechanical properties, but the supply of these materials is very often limited," lead researcher Fuzhong Zhang from Washington University in St. Louis said in the press release. "My lab is interested in engineering microbes so that we can not only produce these materials, but make them even better." To get around those limitations, the scientists chopped up the spider silk genes into smaller pieces that re-assembled once they had been integrated into the bacterial genome, in research set to be presented Tuesday at the American Chemical Society national Spring 2019 meeting. With their new methodology, the scientists managed to manufacture two grams of spider silk — just as strong as silk that actually came from a spider — for each liter of gene-spliced bacteria. That's not all that much silk for an unsettling amount of bacteria, but the press release reports that it’s a vast improvement over other attempts to mass produce silk. If this research scales up, though, NASA may want to bring the bacteria along on future missions to space, giving crew members a new supply of materials for repairs. READ MORE: Bacterial factories could manufacture high-performance proteins for space missions [American Chemical Society newsroom via Phys.org] More on bacteria: Scientists Gene-Edited Tequila Bacteria to Make Cannabinoids Share This Article 
Earlier this year, Russian weapons manufacturer Almaz-Antey filed a patent for a new drone that was little more than a shotgun with wings. When Futurism first reported on the drone, details were scarce. But now, video footage of flight tests has surfaced showing the drone — which looks like a murderous model plane ­— in action. The drone carries a 12-caliber Vepr-12 semi-automatic shotgun, Tom's Guide reports. One might justifiably expect the recoil of a shotgun blast to send a drone veering off course, but that doesn't seem to be the case. Scientists from the Moscow Aviation Institute who worked on the drone published a press release saying that the drone can continue on its path after firing, and that its electric battery allows for 40 minutes of uninterrupted flight. Video footage shows the drone taking off and landing with its nose — and barrel — pointed straight into the air. But when all else fails, a video shows that a human can remove the drone's wings and shoot it just like any other shotgun. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXekPeTiDUo READ MORE: Watch Russia’s Flying Rifle In Action For the First Time Ever [Tom's Guide] More on the shotgun drone: Russian Arms Maker Invents Drone With Built-in Rifle Share This Article 
Astronomers finally figured out where the methane on Mars is coming from. The finding resolves a mystery that's been ongoing since the organic gas was first detected on Mars in 2003 — but which subsequently eluded scientists trying to measure and trace it. It turns out that an ice sheet on Mars' surface near Gale Crater, which may have once have been a lake, is likely giving off the planet's methane, according to research published Monday in the journal Nature Geoscience — and which could represent yet another puzzle piece in the mystery of whether the Red Planet ever harbored life. The research describes two studies that both isolated the same ice sheet as the source of atmospheric methane, using data from two spacecraft and simulations of the Martian atmosphere. It's worth noting that the data for these studies was collected in 2013, while the surveys that failed to detect any methane were conducted in 2018. However, the more recent study focused on the upper atmosphere — the scientists behind it conceded that there may be ground-based sources of methane that they simply missed. And since one of the new studies used data from the Curiosity rover's trek across the Martian landscape, it's likely that the methane was simply too sparse to measure from an orbital instrument. The presence of methane is often touted as a sign of life, but confirming that Mars has methane isn't quite the same as confirming that life exists there. Rather, the combination of atmospheric methane found near body of water opens up the possibility that life may have once existed there — the researchers behind this new study settled the matter of "where" in regards to Martian methane, but their study doesn't scratch the surface of the "why" or "how." READ MORE: Scientists find likely source of methane on Mars [Phys.org] More on Martian methane: Scientists Need to Solve These Two Mysteries to Find Life on Mars Share This Article 
The U.S. Army is developing tanks and drones armed with laser weapons. The Army's stock of armored Stryker tanks may soon get a laser cannon upgrade, as well as the capability to launch "hunter-killer" drones, according to Defense Maven. The laser-equipped vehicles and drones would be able to autonomously target, track, and disable targets with invisible lasers, which are becoming increasingly prevalent in militaries around the world — a futuristic upgrade to the U.S. military's ground combat capabilities. The laser weapon is expected to be combat-ready within the next few years — the army has successfully used it to target and shoot down drones during tests. It's also been able to successfully disrupt communications and block drones' signals, Defense Maven writes. Congress wants these lasers to speed up the process of warfare and combat, giving the U.S. military the edge it needs to beat its enemies to the draw. "[Directed energy] weapons have the potential to change the very nature of warfare," reads a February report from the Congressional Research Service. The report also said the laser systems "could be used as both a sensor and a weapon, thereby shortening the sensor-to-shooter timeline to seconds. This means that U.S. weapon systems could conduct multiple engagements against a target before an adversary could respond." General Dynamics Land Systems, the company behind the Stryker and its new lasers, told Defense Maven that the lasers may be suitable for crowded areas, where they could detect and target threats. "It will go out in an urban environment and it will sense and find your shooter or incoming RPG," said General Dynamics Land Systems' Michael Peck. But for now, the Army will continue testing its new lasers to make sure that they're ready to be deployed in the next few years. READ MORE: Army Stryker Fires Lasers & Launches "Hunter-Killer" Drones - Changes Tactics [Defense Maven] More on lasers: The Navy is Incinerating Hard Drives About Laser Weapon Research  Share This Article 
Water has had a rough few decades. For years clean water has been degraded by factors like climate change, pollution, and rising urban populations. Clean, safe, and accessible water is as scarce as ever. The World Wildlife Fund estimates that by 2025, two-thirds of the global population will face water shortages, and it’s difficult to understate the dire consequences those shortages are already having. The people of Flint, Michigan have been without clean water for four years and counting. Crippled from severe drought, Cape Town barely avoided a “day zero” when the city would be forced to control the water supply of a major metropolitan area, and experts fear places ranging from Mexico City to Jakarta could be next. India has threatened to use water as a weapon in its ongoing conflicts with Pakistan. Clean water gives life and financial stability to people each day. Water-related diseases also kill 6,000 children every day.     With stakes so high, the challenges can feel insurmountable. But some of the world’s brightest entrepreneurs are doing the seemingly impossible -- they’re carving out a niche in the incredibly complex world of water and tackling those challenges head-on. A myriad of issues prevent them from making progress. Like many other highly regulated industries, bringing new products to market can be capital intense and the commercialization runway can take years. In the rapidly growing world of water startups, though, many are finding a way not just to monetize their idea but save lives in the process.  Agriculture is one of the biggest causes of the water crisis, accounting for as much as 70 percent of freshwater withdrawals in many regions of the world. Startups like Shenandoah Growers and Farmshelf  are turning to innovative new methods of growing, such as vertical farming and low-tech greenhouses, to maintain production to feed a climbing world population without depleting our planet’s water supply. Israel-based startup PlantArcBio launched with the goal of impacting global food security, and recently announced a breakthrough in crops that can hold up against severe drought. Other water solutions are trying to kill two birds with one stone by turning waste into water. Indra Water Systems, A Mumbai biotech startup, built a portable water treatment system that has turned more than 5 million liters of wastewater into clean water.  Technological advancements including speedier networks, the Internet of Things (IoT), and blockchain technology are another driver for water startup success, as entrepreneurs are now better equipped to use data and smart tech to minimize waste and maximize efficiency. For instance, water startup Rachio developed products including a smart sprinkler and flow meter. The devices can help homeowners monitor their water usage to cut back on costs and stop leaks before they cause damage, all right from their smartphone. In India, the Swajal Water ATM uses the IoT to remotely monitor and repair its clean water stations, solar power to keep its carbon footprint low, and an RFID-based smart card system and mobile wallet technology to accept multiple forms of payment. Another startup, Ketos, uses a combination of proprietary hardware, smart software, and IoT connectivity to offer real-time monitoring of water. The company helps clients such as farmers or businesses use data about their water to detect any contaminants or leaks, understand customer behavior anomalies, and improve overall efficiency.  Companies like these are making huge strides in water solutions, but entrepreneurs have only begun to scratch the surface of what’s possible in the business of water. If you have a clean water solution that can scale to 100 cities over the next 5 years, connecting with a local accelerator program like URBAN-X can help put your idea into action. There, experienced urbantech professionals can help you hone your idea, polish your product, and attract funding from a variety of sources, such as foundations with backers like Pepsi and Patagonia, or government grants from agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency. Together, you and URBAN-X can transform your idea into a practical solution with the potential to save lives, and the team will have your back as you release it into the world.  The global water crisis is complex, and won’t be solved overnight. The right policy and planning by government agencies and elected officials is essential. For founders looking to bring new solutions to life that will make clean water more accessible and safer, the team at URBAN-X stands ready to help. Learn more about the accelerator program that offers $150,000 to help get you started, plus 1,000 hours of world-class design and engineering resources for product development. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with URBAN-X, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Toyota is on a mission to automate the NBA — it's built a six-foot-ten robot called Cue 3 that can nail three-pointers all day long. In a demo for The Associated Press, Cue 3 successfully threw five shots from the three-point line out of eight attempts — which would be really good for a professional human player, and shows that robots are starting to handle more complex physical maneuvers than ever before. Cue 3 looks like it was draped in chainmail — Toyota told the AP that it deliberately wanted to avoid the sleek, white Apple Store-esque look seen in "iRobot" and other common renderings of humanoid robots. Keeping with that image, Cue 3 doesn't have a humanoid face. Rather, sensors in its torso create a 3D map of its surroundings that allow the robot to calculate how hard and high to toss the basketball. Today's robots, for all their bells and whistles — and sleek, iPhone-like designs — still generally excel only at extremely narrow tasks, be it assembling a car or shuttling items in a warehouse. As such, Cue 3 can't run, dribble, or dunk. But it excels at what it does. And given the complexity of successfully sinking a three-pointer — something this writer could never nail in gym class — Toyota's sportsbot may signify a new era for precision tasks in robotics. READ MORE: Toyota robot can’t slam dunk but shoots a mean 3-pointer [The Associated Press] More on basketball: AI Coaches Are Here To Unleash Your Inner LeBron Share This Article 
Tesla has no shortage of haters, and we all know haters gonna hate — but at least one Tesla hater might have to pay for their harbored hostility. On Friday, Tesla diehard Rafael Santoni posted a video to his YouTube channel featuring footage of a woman apparently dragging her key across his friend's Model 3 — and because the car had Tesla's new Sentry Mode feature enable, she's now reportedly facing vandalism charges for the incident. Following an increase in vehicle break-ins, Tesla introduced a Sentry Mode for its vehicles in February. When enabled, the system uses the vehicle's external cameras to keep an eye out for potential threats, such as a person leaning on the car. Once Sentry Mode detects a potential threat, the cameras begin recording. If the threat escalates to break-in level, the vehicle sounds an alarm and begins blasting music — specifically Bach’s Toccata and Fugue, by CEO Elon Musk's directive. According to Teslarati, a third-party body shop told the Tesla owner the damage caused by the incident would cost $900 to repair, but no word on whether the alleged vandal will be forced to pay those costs. Her motivation behind the attack isn't clear, either. The Model 3 owner said he didn't recognize her, so this might just be one more example of someone taking their issues with Tesla out on the company's customers. But this time, thanks to Sentry Mode, she might not get away with it. READ MORE: Tesla Sentry Mode catches deliberate attack against Model 3, vandal arrested [Telsarati] More on Sentry Mode: Elon Musk: A “360 Degree Dash Cam” Will Soon Keep Your Tesla Safe Share This Article 
Today is a historic day—one that will bring joy to the hundreds of millions of Pluto lovers around the globe. The International Astronomical Union (IAU), the body that is responsible for naming and classifying objects in the cosmos, has just announced that Pluto has been reclassified as a major planet. That's right, the little dwarf will be rejoining the ranks of Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, and Planet-X (the planet that will surely spell doom for all humanity). As many of you know, in 2006, the IAU made their infamous vote, deciding to demote everyone's favorite planet to a "dwarf planet" – it didn't meet the criteria needed to be a full-sized planet. Immediately after this 2006 announcement, the public exploded with outrage. There were a number of campaigns launched that were aimed at ensuring that Pluto was reinstated as a planet. These met with no success. But all of that just changed, After years of deliberation, the IAU announced in a press release that they have reclassified the icy world—they upgraded Pluto back to its proper standing as a planet. "We simply underestimated the public's attachment to Pluto. We realized our error shortly after the decision came down to demote it," said Dr. Amy Joggy, professor at the Institute of Planetary Studies and head of the IAU's Planetary Classification and Experimental Nomenclature Task Force. "We didn't think anyone would really care if a little clump of ice and rock on the outskirts of the solar system was reclassified. Today, we take steps to correct this most grievous of errors." In addition to Pluto's reclassification, Dr. Joggy has also proposed that the IAU create a new category of planet called a "hyper-planet." These hyper-planets, according to Dr. Joggy, are like regular planets but at least two times as awesome. It has also been proposed that Pluto be made an honorary member of this new planetary class. "In all honesty, we feel bad for the way we treated Pluto and, more importantly, all those that cared about it so greatly – the public showed us our error. Hopefully, the new class of planet will be created without a hitch, and Pluto will be added as the first member. It's only fair." Say it with me now, "Yay!" ... also, have a happy April Fool's. Share This Article 
Seniors in search of some high-tech companionship may find comfort in a small robot that can listen to them and read relevant scripture. SanTO is a foot-and-a-half tall robot resembles the sort of altar or figurine a Catholic may use to decorate their home. But it's equipped with software it uses to listen to people, scan their faces for signs of specific emotions, and select religious texts that may be relevant to their troubles, according to The Wall Street Journal — heralding a new marriage of religion and technology that challenges who, or what, can influence a person's faith. When Waseda University roboticist Gabriele Trovato designed SanTO, he was warned by religious leaders to not let AI interpret scripture, just recite it, the WSJ reports. "They said there is a human factor which is very important in the communication of faith," Trovato told the WSJ. "Even choosing the right text, the right part of the Bible, is not something you can do easily." When Trovato told SanTO that he's worried about the future, for instance, the robot recited a Bible verse about taking life one day at a time. As robots and AI technology improves, both have become increasingly intertwined with religion — robots are delivering sermons, the pope is endorsing apps, and people are praying to robotic statues of Buddhist deities. But while Trovato told the WSJ about how his little robotic idol could help spread religious ideas, it seems far more useful as a buddy for the lonely and elderly, not unlike a robotic dog or other sorts of high-tech companions. "It is interesting to focus, to study, how this change of the medium is influencing the relation of people with God and the activity of religion," Travato told the WSJ. READ MORE: Deus Ex Machina: Religions Use Robots to Connect With the Public [The Wall Street Journal] More on high-tech religion: Microsoft’s President Met With the Pope to Talk About Ethical AI Share This Article 
A stark limitation to biological computers was that any code programmed into DNA couldn't be rewritten. UC Davis computer scientist David Doty told Wired that using a DNA computer is "like having to build a new computer out of new hardware just to run a new piece of software." But now, Doty and his team have built the first DNA-based computer that can be written and rewritten like any other — a potentially revolutionary leap that could lead to the next generation of biological computing. In research published Wednesday in the journal Nature, Doty and other scientists from UC Davis, California Institute of Technology, and Harvard describe a DNA-based computer with 355 different "tiles" of DNA that can be compared to the circuits in a conventional computer. Compared to existing DNA circuitry that can only run one program, the team of researchers managed to program their computer to run 21 different programs, which can do simple things like counting, selection options from a list, and recognizing palindromes. It's all early work — Wired describes the study as producing "beautiful, albeit useless results" — but it could lay the groundwork for a new generation of flexible, programmable biological computers. Conventional computers still have a major advantage over DNA-based systems, in part because of how much of a head start they have. Your laptop has decades of development behind it, so the people writing new programs don't need to also study materials science, circuitry, and all of the other various disciplines that led to the first computer. But as research like Doty's develops and more team of scientists build on the work, that may change — Wired envisions a future where molecular programmers can approach their trade with just as narrow and specialized a focus as today's computer scientists can. READ MORE: Finally! A DNA Computer That Can Actually Be Reprogrammed [Wired] More on DNA computers: Self-Replicating “DNA Computers” Are Set to Change Everything Share This Article 
A few months ago, astronomers noticed that a well-known asteroid that orbits the sun way out past Mars had sprouted a long, comet-like tail. Now, data from the Hubble Telescope reveals that something has set 6478 Gault off kilter and it's self-destructing, spinning itself into pieces. "It could have been on the brink of instability for 10 million years," University of Hawaii astronomer Jan Kleyna, who led the research into Gault's new tail, said in a press release. "Even a tiny disturbance, like a small impact from a pebble, might have triggered the recent outbursts." Scientists from NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA) suspect that Gault has fallen victim to the YORP effect, in which sunlight hitting the asteroid heats its surface, causing a shift in the asteroid's momentum. Sometimes, as the astronomers suspect is the case with Gault, this momentum can speed up the asteroid's spin to the point that it begins to disintegrate. The long tail that appeared in January could be debris given off by a series of landslide as Gault began to spin faster. While NASA and ESA scientists approximate that roughly one of the 800,000 asteroids orbiting between Mars and Jupiter goes through a so-called YORP disruption every year, being able to directly study the materials that Gault shreds off of itself could help astronomers better understand the history of our solar system. But the YORP effect may not spell doom for Gault. Insider reports that it's certainly possible that 6478 Gault could disintegrate into nothing. But it's also possible that the asteroid's gravitational pull will manage to hold enough debris together that a new version of Gault is reborn. "In all cases, this will release a lot of dust, which will be spectacular," Olivier Hainaut, another astronomer who worked on the research, told Business Insider. "The radiation pressure from the sun will disperse the dust, leaving either the new Gault or the binary/multiple system behind." READ MORE: The Hubble telescope caught an asteroid ripping itself to pieces due to the 'YORP effect' [Insider] More on Hubble: The Wounded Hubble Could be Back Soon, But It's on Borrowed Time Share This Article 
A Finnish AI startup called Vainu has spent the last three months relying on prison labor to train its AI algorithm. Vainu previously paid people through Mechanical Turk, a service where people perform menial tasks — like those necessary for preparing AI's training data — just like many other startups. But Vainu found that it got more bang for its buck enlisting the Finnish Criminal Sanctions Agency (CSA), which had access to more Finnish-speaking labor than the largely English-speaking Mechanical Turk, according to The Verge. And though Vainu and the CSA are working hard to spin the news as a positive development for the prisoners, Vainu's practices seem to herald in a new era where prison labor continues to provide cheap, unrewarding labor, even if the specific jobs involve new technology. Vainu uses human labor to scan news articles and determine whether or not they discuss business acquisitions or similar topics. That way, the company can use those articles to train an AI algorithm that Vainu hopes will help connect companies with contractors, according to The Verge. But there was only one person on Mechanical Turk that helped Vainu scan articles written in Finnish. "We saw that and said, 'okay, this is not going to be enough,'" Vainu co-founder Tuomas Rasila told The Verge. He went on to describe how he had a eureka moment upon realizing his office was in the same building as the CSA. He told The Verge that he suddenly realized, "Hey, we could actually use prison labor." Vainu pays the CSA, which divvies a portion of the cash among working prisoners, roughly the same amount it would for the same labor on Mechanical Turk. But that means that the actual workers make less money through this arrangement than on Mechanical Turk, which The Atlantic reports tends to pay out just a few dollars per hour. The CSA claims that by working with an AI startup, the prisoners are building up job skills that are relevant in a society facing ever-increasing workplace automation. But there's no indication that performing these routine tasks will actually help inmates land an AI job once they're release from prison. "The hook is that we have this kind of hype circulating around AI so that we can masquerade really old forms of labor exploitation as 'reforming prisons,'" UC San Diego communications professor Lilly Irani told The Verge. "They're connecting social movements, reducing it to hype, and using that to sell AI." READ MORE: Inmates in Finland are training AI as part of prison labor [The Verge] More on prisons: U.S. Prisons Are Covertly Gathering Inmates’ Biometric Voice Data Share This Article 
On Monday, The U.S. Department of Defense's Missile Defense Agency (MDA) intercepted and shot down an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) that had been launched from the Republic of Marshall Islands. The U.S. was testing its ability to destroy a hostile missile before it reached the U.S. In this case, sensors on the ground, as well as those floating in the Pacific Ocean and orbiting in space, helped track the ICBM, guiding interceptor missiles launched from California to their target, according to an MDA press release — a sign that the military is readying itself for any future nuclear threats. While the military's ability to smack an inbound missile out of the sky is impressive, the nature of running a test means that the odds were slightly stacked in the MDA's favor. For instance, the MDA knew when and where the ICBM would be launched, whereas an actual attack might come as a surprise. While the MDA's announcement was scarce as far as specific, technical details go, past missile defense tests boasted impressive results because they were conducted under ideal, simplified conditions. That said, the military just shot down a missile with a missile, which is an extremely metal thing to be able to do. And while the MDA says it's still gathering and analyzing data from the test, the organization is celebrating the interceptor missile strike as a successful demonstration of the military's ability to defend against a nuclear strike. "This was the first GBI salvo intercept of a complex, threat-representative ICBM target, and it was a critical milestone," MDA Director and Air Force Lt. Gen. Samuel A. Greaves said in the press release. "The system worked exactly as it was designed to do, and the results of this test provide evidence of the practicable use of the salvo doctrine within missile defense." READ MORE: US Military Shoots ICBM Target Out of the Sky in Missile Defense Test [Space.com] More on missile defense: Watch a Missile Smash a Dummy Nuclear Warhead out of the Sky Share This Article 
In August 2018, the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) filed a complaint against Facebook. It claimed the social network violated the Fair Housing Act by allowing advertisers to prevent certain protected classes of people from seeing their housing ads. Now, HUD is taking the issue one step further, formally charging Facebook with violating the Fair Housing Act — adding yet another legal woe to the company's seemingly ever-growing list of recent scandals. Since its passage in 1968, the Fair Housing Act has made it illegal for landlords to consider certain information about a person, such as their race or gender, when deciding whether to rent or sell housing to them. Because Facebook's advertising service includes options that allow advertisers to target certain types of Facebook users or exclude others, including those in these protected classes, HUD believes it violates the Fair Housing Act. "Facebook is discriminating against people based upon who they are and where they live," HUD Secretary Ben Carson said in a press release. "Using a computer to limit a person's housing choices can be just as discriminatory as slamming a door in someone's face." Shortly after HUD filed its complaint in August, Facebook removed more than 5,000 ad targeting options, and Facebook spokesperson Joe Osborne told The Washington Post the platform has been "working with [HUD] to address their concerns and have taken significant steps to prevent ads discrimination." However, the platform did deny HUD's request for complete access to its user base, according to Osborne, which he credits with leading to the breakdown between the two groups. "While we were eager to find a solution," he told WaPo, "HUD insisted on access to sensitive information — like user data — without adequate safeguards. We’re disappointed by today’s developments, but we’ll continue working with civil rights experts on these issues." Whatever the reason HUD decided to file charges against Facebook for housing discrimination, the case will now go before a judge, who may decide to force the social media company to pay damages for the alleged discrimination. "Just because a process to deliver advertising is opaque and complex doesn’t mean that it exempts Facebook and others from our scrutiny and the law of the land," HUD General Counsel Paul Compton told WaPo. "Fashioning appropriate remedies and the rules of the road for today’s technology as it impacts housing are a priority for HUD." READ MORE: US government charges Facebook with housing discrimination [Engadget] More on Facebook: Facebook Helps Landlords Discriminate Against Minorities, Says U.S. Government Share This Article 
NASA's 3D-Printed Habitat Challenge that kicked off in 2015 has challenged teams around the U.S. to render, prove the structural integrity, and construct a model of a habitat that could one day shelter humans on the surface of the Moon or even Mars. And yesterday, NASA crowned the top three winners of the Challenge's latest round, challenging the participating teams to "complete a virtual construction level." The top three teams, which split a prize of $100,000, hail from New York, Arkansas, and New Haven — and their designs are bold visions of off-world habitation. The winner of this round of the Challenge is team SEArch+/Apis Cor for a vertical habitat design that can be continuously reinforced with additional 3D printing. Light enters through circular ports around the outside and the top. Second place goes to Team Zopherus for a design that would be constructed by a roving 3D printer. Team Mars Incubator was awarded third place. Its pods are made out of hexagonal pieces of 3D printed plates consisting of polyethylene, fibers, and locally sourced regolith, could one day house a team of astronauts. It's a fascinating competition that paints an incredibly detailed picture of what the future of Moon or even Mars exploration could look like one day — and we've never been closer to that future. READ MORE: Top Three Teams Share $100,000 Prize in Complete Virtual Construction Level of 3D-Printed Habitat Challenge [NASA] More on the Challenge: Here Are The Finalists For NASA's Mars Habitat Design Competition Share This Article 
On six separate occasions, Secretary of Energy Rick Perry authorized U.S. companies to sell technology to Saudi Arabia that would help the country develop nuclear power plants. According to documents reviewed by Reuters, the Trump Administration obliged the companies' requests to keep the deals confidential, as similar Department of Energy authorizations have been made public in the past — suggesting that energy companies and White House officials are amenable to controversial nuclear deals if they don't run the risk of public backlash. Saudi Arabia has previously announced plans to construct two nuclear power plants, and is currently vetting Russian, South Korean, and American proposals for contracts, Reuters reports. Perry's authorizations permit countries to perform preliminary work on nuclear plants, but forbid them from selling or constructing anything that would actually go into the plant itself, an anonymous source familiar with the discussion told Reuters. Last year, Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said that he would pursue nuclear weaponry if Iran did. The country has also pushed back against attempted nuclear regulations, according to Reuters. While these secretive deals don't mean that a nuclear standoff is on its way, some members of Congress are now calling for increased scrutiny over any future partnerships. During a hearing on Wednesday, Representative Brad Sherman called for the names of the companies that dealt with Saudi Arabia, arguing that the Trump Administration was deliberately trying to skirt congressional oversight. READ MORE: U.S. approved secret nuclear power work for Saudi Arabia [Reuters] More on Saudi Arabia: A Dangerous Cyberattack On A Petrochemical Plant Could Be The First Of Many Share This Article 
Engineers at Stanford University in California figured a way to teach a self-driving car how to make high-speed turns, like a racecar. While that sounds like an inherently unsafe maneuver, the engineers' findings could end up making passenger-oriented driverless vehicles safer, according to New Scientist, in case they have to swerve suddenly to avoid a collision. "We want our algorithms to be as good as the best skilled drivers — and, hopefully, better," said Nathan Spielberg, a graduate student in mechanical engineering at Stanford and lead author of a paper about the research published yesterday in the journal Science Robotics, in a statement."Our work is motivated by safety, and we want autonomous vehicles to work in many scenarios, from normal driving on high-friction asphalt to fast, low-friction driving in ice and snow." They trained a neural network with data from 200,000 motion samples, including test drives on slippery surfaces like snow and ice. In a video, you can watch a Volkswagen GTI race around a circular track without ever spinning out or losing control. Why a neural network — a kind of AI loosely modeled on a biological brain — and not a simple physics-based model? The researchers found that the neural network could better predict what surface it was driving on and how grippy it was than a simpler algorithm. By learning from how racecar drivers "harness all of the tire-road friction to avoid a crash," the neural network was "capable of learning vehicle dynamic behavior on a range of different surfaces," according to the researchers' paper. While the neural-network-enhanced self-driving car is faster than you average autonomous vehicle, it's not quite as fast as an "expert human" — to be faster, self-driving cars would need the "human driver’s willingness to deviate from the path to more fully use friction and reduce time." "If we can develop vehicles that have seen thousands of times more interactions than we have, we can hopefully make them safer," Spielberg said. READ MORE: Driverless car learns to perform high-speed turns without crashing [New Scientist] More on self-driving cars: Tesla Is Now Building Cars With Hardware For "Full Self-Driving" Share This Article 
Thanks to a new neural network, convincing photo edits that would have previously required extensive Photoshop expertise has become as easy as drawing a quick doodle. The AI algorithm, recently shared by YouTube channel "Two Minute Papers," lets people quickly generate convincing, fake pictures of people just by sketching new features onto them and letting the AI handle the rest. The research, first published to the preprint server ArXiv in February, is the product of computer scientists from South Korea's Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute. The paper includes examples in which the researchers tweaked photos of celebrities to have totally new expressions or facial features. For instance, the researchers doodled a smile onto a photo of a neutral expression, and the algorithm churned out a photo that shows the subject smiling. Similarly, a couple brushstrokes enabled the neural net to edit people's jawlines and hairstyles, and even erase sunglasses off their faces, generating realistic eyes in their place. While algorithms like this can be a fun way to tweak photos, and photo-altering algorithms could lead to better special effects in movies and video games, research like this can readily be misused to create misleading or harmful deepfakes. While manipulative media is nothing new, computer scientists seem hell-bent on developing the most convincing, easiest-to-use algorithms that make pictures or videos of people in situations that never really happened — and this new neural net is no exception. WATCH MORE: This AI Learned to “Photoshop” Human Faces [YouTube] More on deepfakes: DARPA Spent $68 Million on Technology to Spot Deepfakes Share This Article 
Researchers have created a "metallic wood" that's as strong as titanium, but light enough to float in water. Right now, they can only produce a small amount of the metallic wood at a time — but if they can find a way to scale-up the manufacturing process, the material could lead to everything from highly durable smartphones to super-light cars. Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, and the University of Cambridge detail how they created the metallic wood in a study recently published in the journal Scientific Reports. First they suspended tiny plastic spheres, each a few hundred nanometers wide, in water. Then they evaporated the water, which caused the spheres to stack in an orderly pattern. After that, they used a process called electroplating to coat the spheres in nickel. Finally, they used a solvent to dissolve the plastic spheres, leaving just the nickel lattice in place. About 70 percent of the resulting material is empty space, but this low density isn't the only thing the material has in common with wood. "The reason we call it metallic wood is not just its density, which is about that of wood, but its cellular nature," researcher James Pikul said in a press release. "Cellular materials are porous; if you look at wood grain, that’s what you’re seeing — parts that are thick and dense and made to hold the structure, and parts that are porous and made to support biological functions, like transport to and from cells." It currently takes the researchers about a day to produce a postage stamp-sized piece of the metallic wood. But if they can effectively scale up the process, the potential uses for the material are numerous. Architects could use it to design buildings with new strength-to-weight ratios, and electronics manufacturers could coat their devices with it, giving them added durability without adding much weight. By filling the pores with chemicals, researchers could even potentially transform the material into a lightweight, rechargeable battery. Timothy J. Rupert, an associate professor of materials science and engineering at University of California, Irvine, who wasn't involved in the research, also sees potential uses for the metallic wood in transportation. "One could imagine making a car with the same safety standards used today but a much, much lighter weight," Rupert told The Philadelphia Inquirer. "This would have huge implications for energy efficiency." In other words, this metallic wood could allow electric vehicles to go much farther on a single charge, eliminating one of primary issues currently stopping some drivers from trading in their fossil-fuel powered cars for climate-friendly EVs. READ MORE: 'Metallic wood' at Penn is as strong as titanium but lighter than water [The Philadelphia Inquirer] More on super materials: Super Materials Are Leading Us to a New Age in Science Share This Article 
The U.S. Army has struck a contract with Palantir Technologies — co-founded by tech heavyweight Peter Thiel — to build out and deploy an artificial intelligence system that can help soldiers analyze a combat zone in real time. The decision came down to Palantir and defense contractor Raytheon, both of which were invited to apply for the contract back in March 2018, according to The Washington Post. It also marks a shift in the military's tech strategy that opens the door to future corporate partnerships. Originally, the two companies were invited to design the next phase of the Army's custom-built AI tool called the Distributed Common Ground System (DCGS-A), which can track enemy movements and analyze the terrain and landscape of a battlefield. But the Post reports that military leaders have long argued that DCGS-A was too expensive. Palantir argued that the program was still worth pursuing and that the Army could save money by purchasing and tweaking the company's commercial AI systems instead of building one from scratch. To reach a winner, Army soldiers ran tests with both Palantir and Raytheon's systems, giving feedback and critiques that the two companies used to tweak and refine their final submissions. Ultimately, the test drive gave Palantir the edge it needed to win out — details are vague on how — earning what the Post says is the company's first major government contract. READ MORE: Palantir wins competition to build Army intelligence system [The Washington Post] More on Palantir: The LAPD’s Terrifying Palantir-Powered Policing Algorithm Was Just Uncovered and Yes It’s Basically ‘Minority Report’ Share This Article 
So-called evolutionary roboticists raise the question: why go to the trouble of building a new and improved machine when current robots could do it for you? The idea invokes a high-tech Darwinism, in which researchers' ultimate goal is to design artificial intelligence and robots that can analyze their own source code and mate with others by combining bits and pieces of their code with that of other robots — to create offspring, much like organic life. Just like biological life evolves to fill ecological niches, these robots' offspring might be better adapted to their environments. And some research teams, Wired reports, are on their way to making this technology a reality. Computer scientists at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam built a simplified system that shows how future robots might swap and combine their "genetic" information. Their recent research, published in the journal Nature Machine Intelligence and which involved programming two parent robots to code a new "offspring," found that the resulting offspring contain a mixture of the parents' code as well as some modules that seemed to have mutated or been blended on its own. "It gives you a lot of diversity, and it gives you the power to explore areas of a design space that you wouldn't normally go into," David Howard, one of the scientists on the project, told Wired. Twenty or so years down the road, Howard envisions that scientists could mass produce cheap robots that go out and attempt to perform a given task — and then "breed" those that are more successful into a new generation of robots that grow increasingly adept at that particular skill. "One of the things that makes natural evolution powerful is the idea that it can really specialize a creature to an environment," Howard told Wired. READ MORE: Robot 'Natural Selection' Recombines Into Something Totally New [Wired] More on robots: This All-Terrain Robot “Teaches” Itself to Walk in a Revolutionary Way Share This Article 
Indian authorities claim to have successfully tested an anti-satellite missile. "India is now a major space power," said Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, according to local news. "India has achieved a big feat today." The destroyed satellite was one of India's own, orbiting the Earth at 186 miles (300 km). The Independent reports that it may have been a mini-satellite launched into orbit a month ago for this purpose. The interceptor missile was launched from a launch complex on the East coast of India on Wednesday morning. "India has always maintained that space should not be an arena for warfare and that remains unchanged in spite of this," Mohdi said, according to local media. "India has always been a nation of peace, but we also defend ourselves. It is with that intention that we achieved this capability." The news comes in the midst of election season in India, with polls opening in several weeks. The move could be a bid to bolster Modi's chances at re-election, according to The Wall Street Journal. India isn't the only world nation that has carried out such a test. China claims to have carried out a successful test in  2007, the U.S. in 1985. The Pentagon has recently warned of both China and Russia developing anti-satellite technology, including jammers and even lasers capable of disrupting or damaging satellites in orbit. Whether India's test will fuel the race to become the dominant nation in low-Earth orbit and beyond, or, as India claims, "secure and further peace" is still uncertain. READ MORE: India Successfully Tests Satellite-Killer Missile [Wall Street Journal] More on satellite killers: Pentagon Warns That Enemies Could Shoot US Satellites with Lasers Share This Article 
By 2020, a fleet of robots may work aboard the International Space Station, handling menial or dangerous tasks so human astronauts can focus on more complex or scientific projects — or even letting people back on Earth beam into robot bodies. At least, that's the end goal of a new partnership between the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) and a space robot startup called GITAI. "We want to solve the cost and safety problems of human travel by using robotics technology," GITAI co-founder and CEO Sho Nakanose told IEEE Spectrum. "Further, the problem of human travel is the most urgent and deep-rooted in the space industry and so we are working on space telepresence robots because they can be made practical faster than autonomous robots." Videos published by GITAI show the vaguely-humanoid robots flipping switches, opening toolboxes, and performing other simple tasks in a lab meant to look like the ISS. In one, the robot needs a little help from a human researcher, but given that the robots are meant to be remote controlled by Earthbound operators, we'll allow it. Any GITAI robots that get sent into orbit will stream 360-degree video back to Earth, and the company claims that it's found a way to get high-quality video footage back and forth with just a 60-millisecond delay. GITAI says that deploying robotic workers will cut JAXA's costs to just one-tenth of what it costs to send humans to the ISS, even with humans controlling them from the ground. But those humans may eventually be out of work. "However, when working on the surface of the moon, for example, the physical delay alone is at least 1.2 seconds, so it will be difficult to use telepresence robots, and we think there will be a need to conduct work using semiautonomous/semiremotely operated robots," Nakanose told IEEE Spectrum. "We are conducting research led by a robot PhD who developed autonomous robots, so in our research and development work we are actively pursuing the development of autonomous robots." READ MORE: GITAI Partners With JAXA to Send Telepresence Robots to Space [IEEE Spectrum] More on space robots: Watch the ISS’s New AI Robot Companion Act Like Kind of a Brat Share This Article 
Virtual reality headsets are already pretty good at fooling our eyes and ears into thinking we're in another world. And soon, we might be able to navigate that world with our thoughts alone. Speaking at this year's Game Developer's Conference in San Francisco, Mike Abinder, in-house psychologist and researcher for game developer and distributor Valve, gave a talk on the exciting possibilities of adding brain-computer interfaces to VR headsets. The idea is to add non-invasive electroencephalogram (EEG) sensors to the insides of existing VR headsets. EEG readers detect the electrical signals firing in the brain and turn them into data points. And by analyzing that data, according to Abinder, game designers could make games that respond differently depending on whether you're excited, happy, sad or bored. "So think about adaptive enemies. What kinds of animals do you like playing against in gaming?" Ambinder said, as quoted by VentureBeat. "If we knew the answers to these questions, you could have the game give you more of a challenging time and less of the boring time." Game design could become almost perfectly tailored to the person wearing the VR headset — or even recreate a perfect representation of you inside a virtual world. Your avatar could perfectly mimic your current state of mind or mood. "All of a sudden, we start becoming able to assess how you’re responding to various elements in game," Ambinder continued. "We can make small changes to make big changes." There are a handful of companies already trying to harness brain signals for enhancing gaming experiences. A startup called Neurable is already testing out BCIs built into off-the-shelf VR headsets "to create a natural extension of our brains, creating new possibilities for human empowerment," according to its website. Of course, Abinder's vision of the future of gaming is mostly a fun thought experiment at this stage. Even hospital-grade EEGs have to deal with a huge amount of noise — and that's especially the case for consumer-grade, non-invasive scanners that are not planted to the scalp or surgically implanted. READ MORE: Valve Psychologist: Brain-computer Interfaces Are Coming & Could Be Built into VR Headsets [Road to VR] More on VR: The U.S. Army Is Using Virtual Reality Combat to Train Soldiers Share This Article 
Bank robbers have traded in masks and guns for VPNs and proxy servers, and there's more of them than ever. In the last 12 months, 67 percent of financial institutions — banks, credit unions, and the like — that participated in a cybersecurity report published this month by security firm Carbon Black said that they were hit by an increasing rate of attempted cyberattacks and hacks. On top of that, 79 percent said that the hackers were becoming more and more sophisticated. It's no surprise that crime is moving online and that security means more than thick vault doors. But cybersecurity practices haven't quite kept up with the sheer volume of hackers targeting banks, as the report says that many attacks were at least partially successful. Instead of settling for a quick buck, many of the attacks included in the report were intended to disrupt banking services or delete financial records — a hack strategy that's increased by 160 percent over the last 12 months. And once the hackers are in, 32 percent of banks said that the hackers were digging in their heels and fighting back against efforts to lock them out of the system. "It's something that we should be very concerned about," Tom Kellermann, Carbon Black's chief cybersecurity officer, told BobsGuide, “because what that says to me is that [cybercriminals] are willing to shoot the hostages now, they're willing to burn down the infrastructure, and destroy segments of a financial institution because they're angry that you are reacting to them in the first place." Many banks' cybersecurity vulnerabilities are introduced when they launch a new platform, be it online banking, mobile banking, or anything of the like. Kellermann told Bobsguide that banks' tendency to launch new services and platforms without a proactive focus on security "is a systemic mistake and it is a terrible mistake." Too often, Kellermann said, security teams are left running around and putting out fires rather than proactively seeking out and securing their vulnerabilities. "They're doing this to increase access to their systems," Kellermann said. "What they're not understanding is that if you build it they will come and not all of them will be righteous." READ MORE: Technology obsession blinding banks from real cybercrime threat [Bobsguide] More on cybersecurity: The US Finally Has a Defense Agency Devoted to Cybersecurity Share This Article 
It's official: the European Parliament has finally approved the controversial Copyright Directive, which is designed to overhaul online copyright law in the EU. The law is divisive. Especially Article 13: opponents call it a "meme ban," and say it'll limit freedom of speech by forcing "upload filters" on any user-uploaded content and give big tech an even stronger grip online. Advocates, on the other hand, say that it will force big tech to pay their fair share. What's certain: the internet in Europe will never be the same. One controversial part of the Directive, which many observers have dubbed a "meme ban," would force major platforms like YouTube to filter every single upload to prevent copyright infringement. Supporters of the Directive say that "meme ban" is inaccurate, since memes would fall under the label of "parodies" and thereby be protected, but opponents argue that automatic upload filters won't know any better. Another stipulation, which opponents have dubbed the "link tax," would force news aggregators — including heavyweights like Google News — to remunerate publishers for linking to their articles. Member of Parliament Julia Reda, a vocal opponent to the EU's Copyright Directive has argued that small publishers with less brand recognition could lose out — and called it a "dark day for internet freedom." READ MORE: Europe’s controversial overhaul of online copyright receives final approval [The Verge] More on the Copyright Directive: European Parliament Approves Controversial “Meme Ban” Share This Article 
In the Bay Area, according to Wired, tech-savvy DJs are creating a new style of electronic music. Instead of using sequencers and turntables, some DJs are writing code that generates sounds and beats in real time, assembling new tracks on the fly during what's become known as an "algorave." One show attended by Wired featured a DJ who projected his code onto the wall behind him. The crowd looked on as he ran programs to generate tunes, typing code to alter how it sounds or adjust the overall mix. The show was part of a festival called the Algorithmic Art Assembly, which featured speakers and performances that used software to generate art or music. The festival was the brainchild of Scottish musician Thorsten Sideb0ard — yeah, that's with a zero instead of an "O" — who told Wired that he first encountered algoraves in England and felt they'd be a hit in San Francisco. The appeal of these algoraves is that they add artistry to live electronic music shows, which can in some cases involve little more than a DJ pressing the play button. After the fact, it doesn't sound too different from the genre at large. But while listening, one can't help but imagine the DJ frantically typing away, working to queue up and run each track at the right moment like a futuristic orchestral conductor. READ MORE: DJS OF THE FUTURE DON'T SPIN RECORDS—THEY WRITE CODE [Wired] More on music: This Musician Created an AI to Write Songs for Him, and They're Pretty Strange Share This Article 
Nine months after internal protests and public outcry caused Google to stop developing AI for military drones, the Department of Defense is keeping any records of the mysterious Project Maven tightly under wraps. More than a year ago, The Intercept reporter Sam Biddle tried to use public information law to learn more about the drones. Now, Biddle writes that the Department of Defense identified 5,000 pages of relevant records and documents — but deemed that every single sentence was too sensitive to release to the public. The Intercept reports that the Department of Defense claimed that every record of Google's involvement in Project Maven, which has since switched hands from Google to defense contractor Anduril, contains "critical infrastructure security information." The Department of Defense sent The Intercept a memo from Chief Management Officer Lisa Hershman, who wrote that releasing Project Maven records would "provide an adversary with the information necessary to disrupt, destroy, or damage DoD, technology, military operations, facilities, and endanger the lives of personnel." Unfortunately for reporters, the government has a bunch of slightly-shady tricks it uses to deny requests for public records. In this case, the laws that protect information about "critical infrastructure" were written to protect chemical plants or explosives storage facilities — not AI software that helps guide drones. Biddle writes that The Intercept's legal team plans to fight the Department of Defense on the basis that it denied access to records too aggressively, so there's a chance that we may learn more about the elusive military research soon. READ MORE: PENTAGON SAYS ALL OF GOOGLE’S WORK ON DRONES IS EXEMPT FROM THE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT [The Intercept] More on Project Maven: Google: JK, We’re Going To Keep Working With The Military After All Share This Article 
Milton Pedraza is an expert on how the rich spend their money. The CEO and founder of the Luxury Institute, a luxury goods and services consulting firm, recently told The New York Times that one of the hottest commodities amongst the uber-wealthy right now isn't a flying motorcycle or $5.5 million yacht — it's human contact. "What we are seeing now is the luxurification of human engagement," Pedraza told the paper — and the trend could widen the gap between the rich and the poor. When personal computers hit the market in the 1980s, they were expensive and not terribly necessary for navigating the world, so at first, the only people who owned them were those with significant disposable income. In the decades since, PCs and the litany of devices that spawned from them have gotten far cheaper, meaning screen time went from being something people craved to something they now can't avoid — unless they have loads of money, anyway. According to the Times, while public schools cut costs by having students learn from laptop screens instead of live instructors — sometimes despite parent protests — Silicon Valley's richest residents pay to send their kids to a private school that promises a "nearly screen-free education." Meanwhile, the working-class parents of those public school students are finding themselves forced into a state of 24/7 availability to their employers thanks to their smartphones. Those employers, in contrast, are afforded a "right to disconnect" thanks to their position in the workplace hierarchy. And as for that disposable income they once spent on the latest tech, the rich are now choosing to splurge on dining and travel experiences, according to Pedraza. "Now education, health care stores, everyone, is starting to look at how to make experiences human," he told the Times. "The human is very important right now." The potential problem with this transition lies in the unknown impact of screen time on human health, particularly with regard to the development of children's brains. One recent study found physical changes in the brains of children who spent more time behind screens, as well as a link between screen time and lower thinking and language test scores. If corroborated by additional studies, that could mean the lower and middle-class children spending more time behind screens could be at an educational or even cognitive disadvantage compared to their wealthier peers. So far, though, researchers have yet to definitively decide that trading human contact for screens is harmful — but the fact that the same Silicon Valley elites whose livelihoods depend on keeping eyes on screens are willing to pay big bucks to ensure they and their offspring aren't beholden to their devices doesn't exactly instill confidence. READ MORE: Human Contact Is Now a Luxury Good [The New York Times] More on screens: Google and Apple Can Help Learn How Phones Affect Kids’ Brains Share This Article 
As Russia, China, and the United States race to build undetectable submarines or underwater drones, scientists are recruiting some unlikely help to keep up. A DARPA-funded program called Persistent Aquatic Living Sensors — adorably abbreviated to "PALS" — is developing a way to use the endless bubbling, snapping, and clicking of underwater shrimp as a sort of ubiquitous sonar, according to Discover Magazine, which talked to Alison Laferriere, the project leader who works at defense contractor Raytheon BBN Technologies. "The idea is that the sounds that the shrimp create would travel to the object, reflect off of it and we would be able to detect it at our sensors," she told Discover. Snapping shrimp can shut their claws so fast that it gives off a 190-decibel noise. Because the shrimp are so common, their snapping fills coastal areas with a sort of underwater white noise that could be used to spot enemy submarines or drones — or at least that's DARPA's idea. "What we’re interested in, specifically, is monitoring the soundscape and determining if there's a change in the soundscape in some way when an underwater vehicle passes through," Laferriere said. Monitoring that underwater soundscape would only require that the military install listening devices — because the shrimp and other animals are making the noise, there's no need to install a prohibitively-expensive network of sonar-generating devices as well, Discover reports Of course, Laferriere's team doesn't yet know what a military drone would look like to a sonar detector — she's still working in a lab setting with tanks of snapping shrimp. But if all goes well, PALS will travel to the Virgin Islands to start recording and analyzing oceanic noise later this year. READ MORE: DARPA’s Newest Drone Submarine Detection Device: Snapping Shrimp [Discover Magazine] More on sonar: Underwater and Airborne Craft Can Now Communicate Directly and Wirelessly Share This Article 
Aubrey de Grey, a scientist who studies regenerative medicine, thinks that new biotechnology will let people who are already alive today reach the ripe old age of 1,000. "It's extraordinary to me that it's such an incendiary claim," de Grey said according to a new overview by The Week. De Grey is just one of many in Silicon Valley who are determined to expand the human lifespan as much as technologically possible, signifying a growing but still controversial field of researchers obsessed with staving off death. For instance, The Week reports that a Korean doctor named Joon Yun has offered up two $500,000 prizes to researchers who can extend an animal's life by 50 percent by keeping its heart healthy. Yun argues that because the mortality rate for 20-year-olds is about one in a thousand, basic math predicts that someone able to maintain a healthy 20-year-old's physics indefinitely would live to be approximately 1,000 years old. De Grey and Yun are hardly outliers — The Week details several other death-obsessed scientists, like Bulletproof Coffee's founder, Dave Asprey, who takes 100 dietary supplements every day and plans to regularly inject stem cells into his joints and organs in hopes that it keeps them youthful. But outside of Silicon Valley, these longevity researchers haven’t quite convinced the scientific community that they’re on to something. The Week quotes experts in the field who believe that de Grey's claims are totally implausible. Others are concerned that Silicon Valley's "move fast and break things" ethos shouldn't apply to human longevity. There are too many ethical quandaries inherent to the emergence of a new, ultra-wealthy class of people who can afford the hypothetical treatments that would let them live for hundreds of years. Thankfully, de Grey's predictions aside, there's no real indication that today's people will need to worry about this sort of problem — the oldest humans to have lived only made it to 122. READ MORE: Can human mortality be hacked? [The Week] More on longevity: This Scientist Predicted He Would Live to 150. Now He’s Not So Sure. Share This Article 
On March 15, people looking up Ghana's exchange rate got a bit of a shock — according to Google's exchange rate service, the Ghanaian Cedi was trading at one-fourth its normal value, signaling some sort of economic cataclysm. In actual fact, a U.S. dollar is currently trading for about 5.10 Cedi. But an error that Google has since referred to as a "minor glitch" shifted the exchange rate to a catastrophic 22.72 Cedi per dollar, CNN reports — a troubling sign of the power of information brokers in the age of the web. Many people throughout Ghana were caught off guard by the exchange rate glitch, as it was unclear in the moment whether the glitch was an error or if the economy had truly tanked overnight, according to a press release published by Ghana's Ministry of Finance. "We always aim to provide people with the most relevant, useful information to help them to make the right decisions," Titi Akinsanmi, Google's Head of Public Policy & Government Relations for West and Francophone Africa, wrote to Ghana's Minister of Finance. "But sometimes there are temporary issues that can cause people to have undesired experiences, like the one this past Friday. This was regrettable." Google never confirmed the root cause of the glitch, which also affected two other nations this year. On Feb. 22, a similar glitch caused Google to trade the Nigerian Naira at twice its value. The same thing happened to Pakistan's Rupee in January. The tension over this unexplained glitch is palpable in Ghana's press release, which points out that Akinsanmi issued a non-apology over the economy-tanking glitch, instead opting to call it regrettable and point out how quickly the problem was resolved. READ MORE: Google regrets 'minor glitch' that sent Ghanaian currency plummeting [CNN] More on Ghana: Ghana Makes Historic Entrance Into the Space Race by Launching the Nation’s First Satellite Share This Article 
New dashcam footage shows a Tesla Model 3, with Autopilot switched on, veering towards a highway divider. The video, recorded Tuesday and shared to Reddit on Wednesday, shows the Tesla's semi-autonomous Autopilot mode correctly avoiding the divider several times before a final run where the car steers toward the metal barrier so severely that the driver needs to intervene.  It's BACK! After 6 months of working fine, 2019.5.15 drives at barriers again from      teslamotors    Even worse, this problem isn't new. Tesla drivers have been recording this particular Autopilot behavior for months — Ars Technica provided a timeline of concerned drivers whose Teslas had driven toward highway dividers as far back as last April. In one video from April, a Tesla driver demonstrates his car's Autopilot steering him towards a highway divider where an autopilot-enabled Tesla Model X crashed just days prior, killing its driver. Another video shared to Reddit in October corroborates those stories. Ars Technica reached out to Tesla for comment, but did not hear back as of March 22, when it ran its story about the Autopilot errors. According to research firm Navigant Research, Tesla's self-driving car technology ranks 19th out of the 20 autonomous vehicle companies that it evaluated, only beating out Apple's mostly-gutted autonomous vehicle division. In the past, a number of car crashes have been chalked up to Tesla drivers not understanding the limitations of the optimistically-titled Autopilot mode. Given the prevalence of this dangerous bug, drivers would be wise to be more cautious than ever before letting their semi-autonomous vehicles take the wheel. READ MORE: Dashcam video shows Tesla steering toward lane divider—again [Ars Technica] More on autopilot: Tesla Just Dropped “Full Self-Driving” Mode From the Model 3 Share This Article 
We've learned a lot about Neptune's largest moon, Triton, since it was first discovered in 1846. Some scientists believe it could be an "ocean world" with liquid water — and maybe even harbor life. And now, pending approval, we might soon get our best glimpse yet. NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory proposed on Tuesday at a conference in Texas to send a spacecraft called "Trident" to Triton — with the goal of sussing out whether it's a habitable world. Rather than spending billions of dollars, the proposed spacecraft called Trident aims to keep costs low — roughly the "price of a small mission to the moon," in the New York Times' reckoning. "The time is now to do it at a low cost," said Louise Prockter at Tuesday's Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in Texas, director of the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston and the principal investigator of the proposed mission. "And we will investigate whether it is a habitable world, which is of huge importance." Along with a Triton flyby, Trident would also visit Jupiter's moon Io and stop by Venus — it's been almost twenty years since NASA's Cassini-Huygens spacecraft visited the second planet from the Sun. The last good look we got of Neptune was during a 1989 flyby of NASA's Voyager 2 — the first time any spacecraft had ever done so. "We are comparing with the Voyager encounter in 1989, which was built on early 1970s technology, essentially a television camera attached to a fax machine," said Karl Mitchell, the proposed mission’s project scientist, as quoted by the Times. READ MORE: Neptune’s Moon Triton Is Destination of Proposed NASA Mission [The New York Times] More on Neptune's moons: Meet Hippocamp, “The Moon That Shouldn't Be There” Share This Article 
The U.S. military has constructed a massive virtual reality platform to help train infantry soldiers in realistic battlefields filled with millions of artificial intelligence agents. Futurism first reported on the Synthetic Training Environment (STE) back in April, when the U.S. Army published a whitepaper describing its ability to simulate real cities in the U.S. and North Korea. Now software developers who contributed to the VR platform opened up about their work in an interview with Digital Trends, describing how virtual reality can help the U.S. train a more combat-ready and versatile military. The goal of the VR platform is to simulate anywhere on Earth that the army might someday battle, preparing soldiers for the area's terrain before they actually ship out, explained Pete Morrison, an executive at Bohemia Interactive Simulations, a company that helped develop the STE. "This would enable the Army to conduct virtual training and complex simulations anywhere on a virtual representation of the Earth," Morrison said in the Digital Trends interview. "STE will leverage cloud technologies to deliver training to anywhere it's needed, ensuring a common and high-fidelity whole-Earth terrain representation for a multitude of different simulation systems." Now, the Army is ramping up the scale of its simulations to support more "intelligent entities" than there are residents in Vermont. "What's exciting about what we're doing is that the Army will be able to dramatically scale up the number of intelligent entities represented in simulation scenarios to the millions," Morrison told Digital Trends. "Previously, only tens or hundreds of thousands of entities would be represented, and those would be aggregated to reduce the complexity of simulating large forces." READ MORE: The U.S. Army is building a giant VR battlefield to train soldiers virtually [Digital Trends] More on military VR: Soldiers Are Training in Virtual Environments Generated From Real Cities Share This Article 
The founder of MoviePass is back, and this time he's not messing around. MoviePass co-founder Stacy Spikes has a new startup called PreShow, and it's using a business model straight out of "A Clockwork Orange": The company's new app helps you score free movie tickets — as long as you sit through 15 to 20 minutes of advertisements that use eye-tracking technology to make sure you don't look away. Unlike YouTube ads, which can be skipped after a few seconds or blocked with a third-party extension, PreShow demands your attention. To use the app, according to Engadget, you have to sign in with Apple's FaceID. And you can't just walk away or let your attention wander — the app watches you to make sure you’re paying attention. To earn the movie tickets, you have to keep your gaze in frame, and look at your screen for the entire duration of the ads. Look away, or put your phone down, and a red border appears, pausing the ads until you give in and return. Spikes says he doesn't plan on licensing the ad-pushing technology anywhere outside of PreShow, Engadget reports. But that doesn't mean executives don't plan to cash out. Right now, the app is still gathering backers via a Kickstarter. Once it's released, it's possible that the app — which, again, forces people to watch a TV-episode length slew of advertisements — could be available only through a monthly subscription. READ MORE: MoviePass founder's next big idea: Free movie tickets for watching ads [Engadget] More on cinema: Hollywood is Wrong: Netflix is the Future of Film Share This Article 
The New York Times reports that both Boeing 737 MAX commercial airliner jets that crashed in October and earlier this month lacked two optional safety features that Boeing charges extra for. "They’re critical, and cost almost nothing for the airlines to install,” Bjorn Fehrm, an analyst at the aviation consultancy Leeham, told the Times. "Boeing charges for them because it can. But they’re vital for safety." The two features in question relate to Boeing's Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation System (MCAS), which automatically corrects any angle of attack — essentially the horizontal pitch of the plane relative to the oncoming wind — that is too high to protect the plane from stalling. Lion Air Flight 610 crashed in October 2018, killing all 189 people on board. A second Boeing MAX plane, operated by Ethiopian Airlines, crashed on March 10, killing 157. Reports about the October crash suggest that even with the pilots giving altitude correction commands, the nose of the jet kept dipping before it crashed into the water while the pilots were frantically leafing through the handbook. It's not clear if the absence of those two features had anything to do with the cause of either crash, but sources familiar with the matter told the Times that two optional safety features "could have helped the pilots detect any erroneous readings." One of the features, an angle of attack indicator, could've notified pilots of the data picked up by the MCAS' two sensors. The other, a disagree light, would have activated if those sensors were "at odds with one another." Some U.S. airlines decided to order 737 MAX planes without either feature, according to the Times, "because its pilots use other data to fly the plane." READ MORE: Doomed Boeing Jets Lacked 2 Safety Features That Company Sold Only as Extras [The New York Times] More on Boeing: Confused Pilots Were Reading Boeing 737 Handbook as Plane Crashed Share This Article 
The World Health Organization (WHO), an agency of the United Nations, is trying to sort out how scientists could responsibly alter human genomes in their labs — an effort to prevent the next He Jiankui from performing unpublicized genetic experiments on human subjects. Specifically, the WHO announced Tuesday that an advisory committee didn't recommend banning human gene-editing research, but did argue that researchers ought to have to register with the government before beginning an experiment. Many of the organization's recommendations mirror the way clinical research is currently managed in the U.S., where scientists are required to seek approval from regulatory bodies in advance and are required to publish updates to their studies in a publicly-accessible database. "Gene editing holds incredible promise for health, but it also poses some risks, both ethically and medically," said WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. The Scientist points out that the WHO has arrived at different conclusions than many scientists who have called for a temporary halt on human gene-editing research so that leaders in the field can figure out the most responsible and ethical way to move forward. But that doesn't mean the WHO wants scientists to throw caution to the wind. "The committee agrees that it is irresponsible at this time for anyone to proceed with clinical applications of human germline genome editing," committee co-chairwoman Margaret Hamburg said in a press briefing attended by The New York Times. These recommendations may change, however. The panel of experts will continue to investigate human gene-editing over the next two years, consulting other experts and leaders before they come up with a finalized set of international standards. READ MORE: WHO Panel Calls For a Registry of Gene-Editing Research in Humans [The Scientist] More on gene editing: Another Scientist Is Gene-Editing Human Embryos — but More Ethically Share This Article 
The U.S. Air Force recently announced a new artificial intelligence program that it's calling "Skyborg," which military leaders hope will be able to autonomously fly drones and fighter jets in the coming years. Even before it's flying planes on its own — The Drive reports that the Air Force expects drone flights in 2021 and fighter plane flights in 2023 — Skyborg's AI could help human pilots manage the overwhelming nature of aerial combat and complex plane controls during missions by helping make sense of everything happening around the pilot and quickly recommending courses of action. "I expect the first things that we'll do will not appear as sexy as what you might imagine in a movie, but will be completely game-changing," said Will Roper, the Air Force Assistant Secretary for acquisition, technology, and logistics, when he announced the program. The Air Force set out specific requirements for any contractors who want to help build Skyborg — yes, we know it sounds suspiciously like Skynet, the villainous AI in the "Terminator" franchise — like the ability to autonomously take off, land, and have open software that would let engineers quickly upgrade Skyborg's capabilities as needed. The Air Force also wants the finished product, as well as whatever aircraft the AI flies, to strike the right balance between not being disposable but also not so obscenely expensive. The goal is to make Skyborg as feasible a project as possible. "I don’t want this to just be a laboratory project that lives and dies there in a petri dish," Roper said. "I want this to become a program. I want to see real, operational demonstrations within a couple years. And I will push them to be faster than that." Skyborg won't be the first military AI system built in the U.S. — the Navy is already working on autonomous fighter vessels. Across the pond, the U.K. is building its own AI-controlled fighter drones, and Russia just unveiled new semi-autonomous robot tanks. Giving a machine control over the trigger is an unsettling thought, but given how many military AI programs are already out there, Skyborg may be an inevitability of the AI arms race. READ MORE: USAF Plans For Its "Skyborg" AI Computer Brain To Be Flying Drones In The Next Two Years [The Drive] More on military AI: Russia Is Planning A “Ground Force” of Armed Military Robots Share This Article 
Taxis hardly resemble the steel cages on wheels we had in the 20th century. When hailing a cab, customers now choose between bedroom suite taxis, mobile office taxis, gym taxis, and dining taxis to name a few. A new world of consumer choice for transportation is just one of the many benefits of our fully autonomous vehicle ecosystem. Self-driving cars have reduced vehicular accidents by 90%. The system is so safe we even have self-driving bar taxis serving college towns across the country, giving a whole new meaning to the saying, “one more for the road.” This vision of the future is fast becoming a reality. But it is only possible with the right technological advancements, specifically mobility antennas and sensors that are cheaper, safer, and communicate faster than what we have today. And it seems now that a company called Lunewave has developed just such technology: the “eyes” of self-driving cars with a 360-degree field of vision and optimal clarity. Built in Tucson, Arizona, Lunewave was founded in 2017 by Hao Xin, John Xin, Min Liang and Sherry Byon focusing on research and development in microwave and millimeter wave frequency engineering. Hao, an MIT Ph.D and University of Arizona professor, knew that he and his team were building technology that could offer solutions in a variety of markets including telecommunications, aerospace, autonomous transportation, drones, and more. He just wasn’t yet sure how to best to bring it to market. Then the founders discovered URBAN-X, a tech startup accelerator program whose mission is to reimagine city life. Based in Brooklyn, NY, URBAN-X selects up to 20 promising companies per year and invests $150,000 into each of them as part of an immersive  process lasting 20 weeks.  URBAN-X’s goal is to accelerate startups with in-house experts focusing on product development and customer development, all in preparation for further fundraising. Operated in partnership between MINI and venture fund Urban.Us, 85% of companies who have participated in the program have gone on to raise their next round of capital. Since its inception, URBAN-X has accelerated 37 companies working to create disruptive and scalable solutions in sectors including mobility, real estate, construction, infrastructure, food, water, energy, and more.  When Lunewave applied and was accepted to URBAN-X’s Cohort 03, Xin and his team relocated to Brooklyn where they worked for five months with on-site experts-in-residence, and a community of serial founders, industrial designers, engineers, UX/UI experts, and software developers.  Within the accelerator, Lunewave transformed into a venture-backable business with a fully developed go-to-market strategy, fundraising plan, and high-design product. Most importantly, Luneware identified and delivered a working prototype required to realize a future with self-driving cars: highly sophisticated, 3D-printed, “eyes” for autonomous (ADAS/AV) vehicles. Despite all the hype, self-driving cars will only work when they can “see” better than human drivers.Lunewave is delivering on that promise. Since completing the URBAN-X program, Lunewave demonstrated proof-of-concept with BMW Startup Garage at a test track in Germany; a  critical milestone in their development and raised $5 million in seed funding from Fraser McCombs Capital, Baidu Ventures, SAIC Ventures and BMW iVentures. Now, Lunewave is hiring top talent to continue to develop its groundbreaking radar and antenna technologies, leading the acceleration of autonomous car deployment.  Are you working on innovative tech that could help reimagine city life? Do you have a startup aiming to transform or advance global mobility? Urban-X may be the right opportunity to accelerate your startup and work among leaders in design, product development, bring-to-market strategy, and fundraising. URBAN-X applications are now open through April 1st, 2019 for URBAN-X’s Summer ‘19 cohort beginning June 3rd, 2019 at A/D/O in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with URBAN-X, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Later this year, China will begin to construct floating nuclear power plants that could be used to bring power to distant, artificial islands in the South China Sea. Floating nuclear reactors sound perilous, but the China National Nuclear Corp plans to develop them as a cheaper alternative to transmitting power from mainland China, according to the Asia Times — and officials confirmed that a prototype reactor is already being tested near the coastline of China's Shandong province. With construction starting this year, according to the Asia Times, China's first fully-functional floating nuclear reactor should be seaworthy by 2021. And it's not the only country interested in similar tech. Russia's floating nuclear power plants are expected to head up to the Arctic Circle later this year. If China wants to use floating reactors to power the entirety of its artificial islands in the South China Sea, it'll need to construct about 20 in total, according to Asia Times. But even beyond that, if the nuclear barges do what they're supposed to, China may construct even more to provide power for its offshore fossil fuel extraction facilities. READ MORE: Ocean-going nuclear plants for South China Sea [Asia Times] More on nuclear boats: China is Building a 33,000 Ton Nuclear Icebreaker Share This Article 
A team of scientists achieved high pressure plasma — perhaps laying the groundwork to achieve fusion power, according to a terrific explainer by Ars Technica — at an old fusion reactor in San Diego by reversing the orientation of the vessel that houses the plasma. Despite the promising results, whether or not the modification will lay the groundwork for useful fusion power in the future is still far from certain — but, at the very least, it's a fascinating example of squeezing interesting research out of dated equipment. One possible route to practical fusion power takes the form of a massive and highly complex device called a "tokamak reactor," which confines high energy magnetic fields to control charged particles called plasma. Once both temperature and pressure levels are right, colliding particles release massive amounts of energy — or at least that's the idea. For the first time, researchers are finally inching closer to getting more energy out than they put in. The San Diego team — whose paper on the findings was published in the journal Physical Review Letters — flipped the orientation of the plasma chamber of an old tokamak reactor called DIII-D, which has been in operation since the 80s. The result, according to Ars' analysis, was surprising: pressure ramped up enough to meet the requirements for fusion power reactions to occur, with energy levels much higher than expected. The plasma was also more stable — a big deal when it comes to observing fusion reactions inside a tokamak. As Ars points out, "in practice, DIII-D can never reach the right temperature or pressure for fusion, because it’s not big enough." But since scientists understand how the machines scale, a bigger fusion reactor could prove to be even more promising. The scientists are hoping to try a similar experiment, but with ramped up power. Maybe the result will surprise them again. READ MORE: Physicists “flip the D” in tokamak, get unexpectedly good result [Ars Technica] More on fusion power: Expert: “I'm 100 Percent Confident” Fusion Power Will Be Practical Share This Article 
Certain members of YouTube star PewDiePie's fanbase have started infecting people's computers with homemade ransomware, according to a new investigation by ZDNet, in the ongoing push to get the YouTuber back on top as the channel with the most subscribers in the world. In the past, mischievous PewDiePie fans have hacked publicly-accessible printers and spammed comments online, urging people to subscribe to the online gamer-turned controversial YouTube personality — but an actual virus represents a dangerous escalation in similar tactics. When a computer gets hit by ransomware, it encrypts the hard disk until you meet the hackers' demands, sort of like a digital hostage situation. Developing ransomware and calling it a prank, as PewDiePie fans have done, is one thing. But the PewDiePie-inspired ransomware is made so poorly, according to ZDNet's analysis, that it's doing permanent damage: Because the authors of the first PewDiePie ransomware failed to save encryption keys, even if victims met the demands, their files were lost for good. Another ransomware attack holds computers hostage until PewDiePie reached 100 million subscribers on YouTube — and if his rival channel T-Series did so first, the files would be permanently deleted. The person behind that attack, realizing just how much trouble they could get themselves into after having infected a few computers, publicly released their code so people could decrypt their files and move on. But still, it's unlikely that PewDiePie's fans are about to stop their notoriously obnoxious campaign any time soon. READ MORE: PewDiePie fans keep making junk ransomware [ZDNet] More on ransomware: Hackers Are Holding The City of Atlanta Hostage Share This Article 
The Russian military's research division is working to develop ground-based, combat-ready robots to assist its infantry. The heavily-armed robots, first displayed in a state-produced video last month, resemble miniature tanks that can be deployed alongside infantry or swarms of quadrotor drones — either of which, according to C4ISRNET, can send targeting information back to the killer robot. For now, the robots will still require significant human intervention, with a soldier selecting targets for the tank or remotely controlling it from afar. But Russia's Advanced Research Foundation, the military research division behind this new technology, told C4ISRNET that the ultimate goal is to hand off those responsibilities to artificial intelligence algorithms as soon as possible. “The evolution of combat robots is on the path of increasing the ability to perform tasks in autonomous mode with a gradual reduction in the role of the operator," a spokesperson told C4ISRNET. Russia isn't the only country building semi-autonomous weapons — The U.S. is developing weaponized autonomous boats and the U.K. has a program in place to build autonomous killer drones. Meanwhile, many other nations have called for a ban on autonomous weapons, insisting that a human must always be the one to pull the trigger. Judging by Russia's new video, in which a semi-autonomous robot tank literally does donuts in the snow, that international ban may not mean all that much. READ MORE: Russian system uses infantry to spot for robots [C4ISRNET] More on military robots: The U.S. Navy Wants to Roll out Autonomous Killer Robot Ships Share This Article 
According to a lawsuit filed yesterday in the U.S. district court for North California, the Elon Musk-led electric car company Tesla is accusing four former employees of stealing proprietary information and trade secrets — and handing the material over to Zoox, a rival self-driving transport startup. "The theft here was blatant and intentional," Tesla wrote in a filing, as reported by Business Insider. "In the process, they misappropriated Tesla's trade secrets, violated their agreements with Tesla, and breached their duties of loyalty, all with the knowledge and support of Zoox." More than 100 former Tesla employees now work for Zoox, according to BI's reporting, which is now valued at $3.2 billion. Tesla claims the four former workers stole "proprietary information and trade secrets to help Zoox leapfrog past years of work needed to develop and run its own warehousing, logistics, and inventory control operations." According to the filing, a former Tesla warehouse supervisor called Christian Dement forwarded documents to his personal email address with the subject line "good stuff." As per the lawsuit, the employees signed a non-disclosure agreement to keep Tesla information confidential and within one year of leaving the company. The story is still developing. Neither Zoox nor Tesla have yet made public statements regarding the lawsuit. "While Tesla respects that employees may decide to pursue other employment opportunities, it must take action when current and former employees abuse their positions of trust and blatantly violate their legal and contractual obligations to Tesla," read the filing. READ MORE: Tesla is suing former employees, accusing them of stealing confidential information and giving it to robo-taxi rival Zoox [Business Insider] More on Tesla: Tesla Investors Sue Elon Musk For Twitter “Misstatements” Share This Article 
A flying drone created a 3D map of an Icelandic cave that had been carved out by flowing lava in a matter of minutes, using LIDAR technology. While cool enough on its own, scientists at the SETI Institute and NASA believe that the same base technology could be used to map the many caves dotting the surface of the Moon and Mars, according to research that will be presented this week at the 50th annual Lunar and Planetary Science Conference — and even search them for life. Andrew Horchler, the Director of Future Missions and Technology at Astrobotic, the robotics company that partnered with the SETI institute for this project, envisions a future in which drones are able to dive into volcanic caves and create similar 3D maps while searching for signs of water or geologic activity that would better inform future crewed missions into space. "Small free-flying spacecraft might be the ideal robotic platform for the exploration of lava tubes on Earth, the Moon, and Mars for the simple reason that they would not need to come in direct contact with any of the rough and potentially unstable surfaces found inside caves and lava tubes," he said in a press release. The thin atmosphere on Mars and the Moon's lack of an atmosphere make it hard for a conventional quadrotor drone to stay aloft. While NASA developed a helicopter-like drone capable of flying on Mars last year, the team behind this new research suggest that equipping a drone with small thrusters may be the way to go. "More development work will be needed to create a system that’s ready for the Moon or Mars," Horchler said in the press release, "But the study of this icy lava tube is an important first step for us." READ MORE: A drone map of lava tubes shows how we’ll go spelunking on Mars [MIT Technology Review] More on space drones: NASA Just Unveiled This Awesome, Tiny Helicopter That Will Cruise Over Mars Share This Article 
Space may be devoid of life, but us Earthlings are working hard to change that, especially when it comes to the bacteria growing in the International Space Station's bathroom. The ISS's bathroom isn’t the cleanest place in the universe, which is a problem given that space travel can weaken a person's immune system — and that antibiotic-resistant bacteria have already been found on board. "Spaceflight can turn harmless bacteria into potential pathogens," said Elisabeth Grohmann, a microbiologist at Beuth University of Applied Sciences Berlin, in a press release. "Just as stress hormones leave astronauts vulnerable to infection, the bacteria they carry become hardier — developing thick protective coatings and resistance to antibiotics — and more vigorous, multiplying and metabolizing faster." To help keep any astronauts who may have forgotten to wash their hands safe, Grohmann and her team developed a new, antimicrobial coating made of silver and ruthenium that they call AGXX, according to research published Wednesday in the journal Frontiers in Microbiology. To test it out, the scientists put an AGXX coating on the ISS's bathroom door. After six months, they didn't find a bacterial cell on the surface. Some bacteria emerged after a year, but the AGXX coating still hosted 80 percent less bacteria than an uncoated steel door, according to the research. In the same press release, Grohmann blamed the bacterial growth on dust and other things that could have gotten in the way of the AGXX, adding that none of the bacteria that did survive was particularly dangerous. "With prolonged exposure time a few bacteria escaped the antimicrobial action," Grohmann said. "The antimicrobial test-materials are static surfaces, where dead cells, dust particles and cell debris can accumulate over time and interfere with the direct contact between the antimicrobial surface and the bacteria." It may not be perfect over long periods of time, but anything that keeps astronauts' space poop where it belongs is a step in the right direction as NASA and other organizations figure out how to travel deeper into space over longer periods of time. READ MORE: Scientists are trying to make the International Space Station’s bathroom a little less gross [BGR] More on the ISS: Russia Says the American Toilet on the Space Station Blew Up Share This Article 
Faced with a critical land shortage, the city of Hong Kong is planning to build one of the most ambitious artificial islands in the history of the world, an extraordinary development project that would change the face of modern development. The Lantau Tomorrow Vision project, which would cost $79 billion, would give the city an additional 1,000 hectares of land to build 260,000 new residential properties — but the mammoth undertaking is generating stiff internal resistance. According to CNN, a group called Save Lantau is pressuring the government to reconsider the artificial island, citing a price tag that would reportedly wipe out half the city's financial reserves. "(This) will be the most expensive, complex and riskiest infrastructure project in Hong Kong's history," the group said in a statement. READ MORE: Hong Kong reveals plan to build one of the world's largest artificial islands [CNN] More on artificial islands: Denmark Is Building Nine Gigantic Artificial Islands Share This Article 
A new report by Swiss investment bank UBS predicts that soon high speed travel through the near reaches of space will come to compete with long-haul airline flights. UBS analysts estimate that space tourism alone will become a $3 billion market by 2030, while the space industry as a whole will double in worth from $400 billion today to $805 billion over the same period. And once we can spend a week of vacation in space, they ask, why not use the technology for Earth-bound long-distance travel? "Space tourism could be the stepping stone for the development of long-haul travel on earth serviced by space," wrote UBS analysts Jarrod Castle and Myles Walton in the report, as quoted by CNBC. As more and more people are choosing to travel long distances, the analysts estimate that the market for space travel will grow as well. Reusable space rockets and their speed could increase the total volume of passengers. "Given the length of long-haul commercial travel, and the rules around crewing and take-off and landing time slot restrictions at airports, we think a re-usable rocket (especially if not land-based) would have materially better utilisation rates than a commercial plane," UBS said. Private space companies like Virgin Galactic and Blue Origin have been making major strides towards a future in which humans will be able to spend spring break on board a space station. In May 2018, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk revealed plans for "Starship" rocket that could one day ferry up to 100 passengers practically anywhere in the world in roughly an hour. The company also successfully completed a test flight of its Crew Dragon passenger spacecraft to the International Space Station earlier this year. READ MORE:  Super fast travel using outer space could be $20 billion market, disrupting airlines, UBS predicts [CNBC] More on space travel: NASA Might Send Astronauts Around the Moon on Commercial Rocket Share This Article 
About a quarter of Europeans are so fed up with their leaders that they'd rather automate the political process and put robots in charge. In the U.K. and Germany, that rises to one in three people. But they don't want to give robots and artificial intelligence total control — 70 percent of Europeans believe that emerging tech like AI and robotics, including their new robot overlords, will do more harm than good to society unless contained by proper regulations, according to Metro. This glimpse into Europe's attitudes towards technology come from a new report,  published by Spanish researchers, that was presented in Madrid on Tuesday. Because more people were concerned about job loss caused by increasing workplace automation, the report's authors suspect that the people who want AI leaders are motivated more by their distrust of politicians than they necessarily want to be ruled by machines. "This mindset, which probably relates to the growing mistrust citizens feel towards governments and politicians, constitutes a significant questioning of the European model of representative democracy, since it challenges the very notion of popular sovereignty," said the center's executive director, Diego Rubio, during the presentation. The report found that Europeans expect their leaders, be they human or robotic, to protect their jobs from automation above all else. "The vast majority of Europeans expect their governments to set new laws and taxes to limit automation and prevent job displacement, even if that means slowing down economic progress," said Rubio. READ MORE: One in four Europeans trust artificial intelligence more than politicians, says study [Metro] More on automation: New Futurist Fear: “Economic Singularity” Could Kill Jobs Forever Share This Article 
The Arbor Day Foundation partnered with a non-editorial team at Futurism to create this post. There are certain things in nature we take for granted. We wake up and the sun is shining, or temporarily blurred by clouds. We pour a glass of water and trust it’s safe to drink. We take a deep breath of fresh air, not spending a minute worrying whether it will harm us. But some pockets of the world don’t have this luxury today, and many experts predict more and more people across the globe won’t either as we move forward into the 21st century. Clean air. Clean water. A livable climate. All at risk. To preserve our planet for our children and future generations, we no longer have the luxury to take any of this for granted. So today, on this first day of spring, we want to put forth one word, a powerful solution to rebalance our planet: trees. Is anything more miraculous than the simplicity and perfection of trees? Trees are nature’s original life preserver. They’re a simple solution for a global environment increasingly at risk. Without the great cleansings of the atmosphere that trees provide, without the great purifications of our soil, rivers and aquifers that trees make possible, without trees, life on earth wouldn’t exist. Sadly, at the very time we need them most, trees are under assault. There are wildfires – like those in California last year that burned almost two million acres and killed close to 100 people. There are droughts – California on the front lines again – where a drought lasting close to a decade killed more than 147 million trees across the state. There are insect infestations – more than six million acres of land across the U.S. suffer tree death from insects and disease every year. There is deforestation – we continue to lose more than 18 million acres of forest around the world every year. That’s roughly equivalent to 27 soccer fields every minute. Human behavior contributes to many of these tragedies. So it’s our profound responsibility to plant trees. It’s hugely important, with our planet hanging in the balance. We can’t risk that storms become more and more catastrophic. We can’t risk that the urbanization of the world puts people face to face with dangerously hot, polluted cities with abundant trees to protect them. Today, a day of new beginnings, the Arbor Day Foundation has put itself on the front lines, launching Time for Trees™, our new initiative to plant 100 million trees in forests and communities and mobilize five million tree planters around the world by 2022. We’re leveraging trees – a simple, powerful solution – to preserve the necessities of life itself. We cannot take trees for granted. Trees are not a “nice to have,” they’re a “must have.” As a nation, as a world – as people who need a survivable future – we must plant more trees now. Trees are one thing we can all agree on. Trees are loved by all. In a contentious and fractured world, they are completely non-political. Only trees can cross the technology divide, the political divide, the equality divide, and the culture divide. If ever there was a time to plant trees, now is that time . Today I’m asking for your help to join our Time for Trees initiative. We’re recruiting an unprecedented five million tree planters to become a part of this initiative. Volunteers from our many partnerships and community programs across the U.S. are already on board. But we need more people involved. We need everyone to take on the critical work needed for our planet. Here is my invitation to you – our shared mission – let’s plant trees together. Every tree counts. Every tree planter is a hero. Together, let’s restore our forests, build healthier communities, improve quality of life, and put our simplest and best solution to climate change into action. Let’s pave the way for future generations and their health and well-being. A tree planted today will always make our lives better tomorrow. Today, the first day of spring, and every day from here on out, take a moment to look at trees differently – as a life source, as a well of joy and natural beauty, as humanity’s life saver and preserver. Together, let’s get this job done. To join the movement, please visit TimeforTrees.org. Share This Article 
Novelty Moons are in fashion, and we can only tolerate so much. This year alone, we've already endured the Super Blue Blood Moon in January and the Super Snow Moon in February. Today, ready or not, is the Super Worm Moon — and local media outlets are hyped. MARK YOUR CALENDARS: The third and final super moon of 2019 titled the 'Super Worm Moon' rises Wednesday night. https://t.co/tRWwo5RP15 — WDBJ7 (@WDBJ7) March 18, 2019  Who’s ready for another super moon with a kitschy name ? Wednesday night. “Super worm equinox moon” Suppose to appear brighter and biggerhttps://t.co/OQQcHwfBek pic.twitter.com/FjhTmvGro9 — NY1 Weather (@NY1weather) March 19, 2019  Some media outlets are even blaming the latest Super Moon for personal problems, with headlines like "The Super Worm Moon Is Here To Make You Question All Your Life Choices." Justttt what I need, thx. https://t.co/aePuTIqNxt — Women's Health (@WomensHealthMag) March 18, 2019  Although people have been attributing supernatural powers to the Moon for millennia, the movement of the Moon is easy to track and predict. Because the orbit of the Moon around the Earth is slightly oblong, the true distance between the two celestial bodies varies in ways we can observe over time. At its furthest, which is called the apogee, the Moon is about 253,000 miles (405,500 kilometers) away from Earth. At its closest, the perigee, it's only 226,000 miles (363,300 kilometers) away. When it gets closer, from an Earthling's perspective, the Moon gets observably larger and brighter. The Moon appears largest and brightest when it's closest to Earth and on the opposite side of Earth from the Sun. This state is known scientifically as a perigee-syzygy Moon — but it's admittedly cooler to call it a Super Moon. The term is divisive among astronomers. For one thing, there's its dodgy origin: It was coined in 1979 by Richard Nolle, an astrologer who has some weird beliefs about how the Moon influences earthquakes and human behavior (spoiler alert: it doesn't). According to Nolle, a Super Moon is always a full moon no further than about 228,700 miles (or 368057 kilometers) away from the Earth. The term Super Moon isn't recognized by the International Astronomical Union, the body responsible for coordinating international celestial naming. And the logic behind the quirky extra Moon names, like "Wolf Moon" and "Snow Moon," is even sketchier. A full Moon has a special name depending on the month it occurs in, according to "The Old Farmer's Almanac," which claims this stems from "come from Native American tribes, Colonial Americans, or other traditional North American names passed down through generations." Though the origin of each is likely consigned to the oblivion of collective memory fatigue, the names correlate with seasonal observations, meaning we can probably expect to hear about a "Super Pink Moon" and a "Super Beaver Moon" next year, according to the Old Farmer's Almanac. Whether or not the science behind the "Super Moon" stands up, the concept does capture the public imagination, which is probably why media outlets keep writing about it. Whether or not the term is beneficial to astronomy is a matter of some opinion. "I always always urge people to go out and look at the Moon! It’s beautiful and fascinating and wondrous," Astronomer Phil Plait wrote for Slate, "But I want your sense of awe to be honest, and honestly stoked. This [Super Moon] stuff isn’t the right way to do it." Our opinion? Take your Super Moon and fire it into the Sun. Share This Article 
If robots automate all of our jobs, what use will the goods and services they produce be without people who can afford them? That's the big question posed by Electronic Engineering Journal's editor-in-chief, Kevin Morris, who defines the moment robots and artificial intelligence surpass humanity's abilities in the workforce as an "economic singularity" — and suggested that it could lead to dire consequences for us humans. In a new essay for EE Journal, Morris paints a picture of a world in which society has passed that singularity: robots and AI have taken all the jobs, and now they plug away, manufacturing goods that a world of unemployed humans can't afford to buy. Morris suggests that the economic singularity is the natural endpoint of hypercompetitive, self-consuming capitalism, where large corporations are incentivized above all else to maximize profit. In other words, megacorps would realize that algorithms are cheaper than employees, leading to an insidious robotic revolution in which unconscious machines won't share humanity's competitive, world-dominating ambitions but will be prioritized over people. As more businesses opt to automate their workforces, Morris predicts that we'll see two competing trends: increasingly cheap but high-quality goods manufactured by automated businesses and an increasingly impoverished population that can't afford them. To keep people from getting left behind, many have suggested that the government ought to step in and provide for those who get laid off in favor of a robot or AI algorithm. Otherwise, Morris envisions a world where corporations deem that having any human employees at all is bad for profits. "Something has to give, because if we follow all these trendlines, work itself will no longer have value – only ownership," Morris wrote. "And, ironically, if only ownership has value, we will no longer need owners either. It will be interesting to watch." READ MORE: Fear the Economic Singularity [Electronic Engineering Journal] More on automation: Take a Look at the World's First Fully Automated Warehouse Share This Article 
You probably think of asteroids as inert space rocks. But NASA just announced that one of its spacecrafts has made a surprise discovery: "particle plumes erupting" from the surface of a large asteroid called Bennu — and while details of the discovery are still hazy, it could suggest that some asteroids are far more dynamic and poorly understood than previously believed. The discovery of the plumes comes from an uncrewed NASA spacecraft called OSIRIS-REx, which started orbiting Bennu on Dec. 31. It's not clear from what NASA has released so far what the ejections might be comprised of, but the space agency said that while some of the plumes came out fast enough to escape Bennu entirely, others appear to get recaptured by the asteroid's gravity and come to rest again on its surface. "The discovery of plumes is one of the biggest surprises of my scientific career," said Dante Lauretta, a principal investigator on the OSIRIS-REx mission at the University of Arizona, Tucson, in a press release. "And the rugged terrain went against all of our predictions. Bennu is already surprising us, and our exciting journey there is just getting started." In addition to expressing surprise at the plumes, several NASA scientists praised the performance of OSIRIS-REx and its team — and expressed hope that more questions will be answered when the spacecraft returns home to Earth in 2023. "The first three months of OSIRIS-REx’s up-close investigation of Bennu have reminded us what discovery is all about — surprises, quick thinking, and flexibility," said Lori Glaze, acting director of the Planetary Science Division at NASA Headquarters in Washington. "We study asteroids like Bennu to learn about the origin of the solar system. OSIRIS-REx’s sample will help us answer some of the biggest questions about where we come from." READ MORE: NASA Mission Reveals Asteroid Has Big Surprises [NASA] More on asteroids: Japan Announces Plan to Bomb Asteroid Share This Article 
In Japan, Toyota is taking an unconventional approach to reducing vehicle emissions. Rather than focusing on plug-in electric vehicles, the automaker is manufacturing a hydrogen fuel cell-powered car that the company is calling the Mirai, according to NPR — and with $20,000 worth of government subsidies, it costs just $50,000. That's a little more expensive than a conventional car, but far less than hydrogen fuel cells used to cost. Right now, Toyota builds just 10 of the zero-emission vehicles per day. But they could be a good fit for Japan, where densely-populated cities leave people without the space to plug in electric cars. "There's just no behavior change as long as you have [hydrogen] infrastructure in place," Matthew Klippenstein, an author at Fuel Cell Industry Review, told NPR. "We go to the same gas station and fuel up in the same few minutes and just keep on tootling on." For hydrogen — and electric — cars to actually cut down on carbon emissions, the electricity used to develop, manufacture, and charge fuel cells also has to come from a source of clean energy. But should the technology grow to the point that hydrogen cells can be made in bulk for cheap, it could position Japan to stay ahead of increasingly strict emissions regulations. "They pretty much realize that the exhaust regulations will get tougher and tougher," former auto industry advertising executive Bertel Schmitt told NPR. "What is being enacted right now, in 2020 in Europe, is nothing compared to what will come five years later, 10 years later." READ MORE: Japan Is Betting Big On The Future Of Hydrogen Cars [NPR] More on hydrogen fuel: New Technique Turns Seawater Into Hydrogen Fuel Share This Article 
It looks a bit like a cross between Iron Man's suit and Ripley's Power Loader from "Aliens" — and while it won't kill the alien queen quite yet, it does give its wearer super strength. American robot developer Sarcos Robotics announced today that it's been awarded a contract by United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) to deliver a pre-production, full-body robotic exoskeleton called the "Guardian XO." And it looks absolutely brutal. The deal is the latest sign that the Pentagon sees promise in Sarcos' tech. Earlier this month, the company announced a partnership with the U.S. Navy to evaluate the feasibility of using its full-body exoskeletons to "optimize shipyard operations." A separate contract with the U.S. Air Force was signed in August 2018 for "logistics applications." The partnership could greatly enhance the productivity of a single officer in the field and decrease fatigue or strain — but the USSOCOM didn't reveal the exact intended use case for the exoskeleton, which lets the wearer heft 200 pounds (90 kg). It's the latest sign that exoskeletons are finally hitting the mainstream. Automobile manufacturers are already considering the use of simpler exoskeletons on factory floors. And the Food and Drug Administration approved a lower-body exoskeleton last year for use by people with lower limb disabilities. A February press release described Sarcos' exoskeleton as giving its wearers "the strength of a forklift but a gentler touch." The XO could be used anywhere from factories and mines to construction sites. The Guardian XO is powered by an on-board battery and can be operated for up to eight hours — its rechargeable battery packs are hot swappable for even more power in the field. Many exoskeletons of its kind had to be powered through a tether hooked up to a power source. Sarcos claims that's what "held them back from commercialization" in a press release. And Sarcos says that its battery tech has come a long way. "The first prototype 10 years ago was hydraulically powered and drew 6,000 watts," Sarcos’ chief marketing officer Kristi Martindale said. "Now it’s less than 400 watts of power for the whole suit." READ MORE: Sarcos wins another U.S. contract for Guardian XO full-body exoskeleton [The Robot Report] More on exoskeletons: Exoskeletons are About to Walk Ford's Factory Floors Share This Article 
Microsoft co-founder and philanthropist Bill Gates issued a grave warning Monday, comparing advanced artificial intelligence to nuclear weapons — and arguing that the United States is losing its edge in the global AI research race. "The world hasn't had that many technologies that are both promising and dangerous," Gates said during an event at Stanford, according to CNET. He added that "I won't say there are that many" examples of AI having improved society. At the same time, Gates expressed hope that the tech could be used to improve health and medicine around the world. But he also warned that the United States' grip on AI research is starting to slip compared to other countries. "The US was in this totally unique position for most of these breakthrough technologies," he said. "Now the US is still very much the leader, but not [in the] same dominant, dominant way." In the past, Gates has also expressed concern about how humanity might grapple with an AI super intelligence – as CNET pointed out. "I am in the camp that is concerned about super intelligence," Gates said in 2015. "First, the machines will do a lot of jobs for us and not be super intelligent. That should be positive if we manage it well. A few decades after that, though, the intelligence is strong enough to be a concern." READ MORE: Bill Gates says AI should improve education and medicine [CNET] More on Bill Gates: China Tariffs Blocked Bill Gates’ Plan for Safe Nuclear Power Share This Article 
Representatives from 25 countries around the world are currently meeting in Geneva, Switzerland to formulate international laws to prevent space-based conflict. But the meetings, which will continue through March 28, hit a roadblock when the U.S. representative accused China and Russia of undermining the entire process by developing anti-satellite weaponry, according to France 24 — a bad omen for the militarization of space. "How can we believe [Russia is] serious about preventing an arms race in outer space when they are the ones that are developing ground-launched anti-satellite weapons?" U.S. assistant secretary of state Yleem Poblete said during the meetings. She also said that Russia was trying to build lasers capable of disabling satellites. These tensions and accusations, which Poblete also levied against China, may cause serious problems because the international effort will only publish a report with new international rules if all 25 nations unanimously agree to them. "It is difficult to determine the truthfulness of China's concern about the prevention of an arms race in space," Poblete said. For all of Poblete's accusations, the U.S. is working just as hard as Russia and China to develop militarized space technology — including orbital laser weapons plucked straight out of science fiction. While disarming countries' space programs and making sure that civilian satellites are protected during any future conflicts is a reasonable and seemingly simple goal, it may be the case that Russia, China, and the U.S. are more concerned with getting a leg up on one another to truly pursue disarmament. READ MORE: US accuses Russia, China of undermining space peace push [France 24] More on space law: These Four Universities Are Trying to Figure Out Space Law Share This Article 
Researchers at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) say they've found a way to levitate and propel objects using only light — though, for the time being, the work remains theoretical. They hope the technique could be used for "trajectory control of ultra-light spacecraft and even laser-propelled light sails for space exploration," according to a paper published in the journal Nature Photonics Monday. That means no fuel needed — just a powerful laser fired at a spacecraft from back on Earth. The Caltech scientists devised the so-called "photonic levitation and propulsion" system by designing a complex pattern that could be etched into an object's surface. The way the concentrated light beam reflected from the etching causes the object to "self-stabilize," they say, as it attempts to stay inside the focused laser beam. The first breakthrough that laid the groundwork for the new research were the development of "optical tweezers" — scientific instruments that use a powerful laser beam to attract or push away microscopic objects. The big downside: they can only manipulate tiny objects at only microscopic distances. Ognjen Ilic, post-doctoral scholar and first author of the new study, puts the tweezer concept and its limitations in much simpler terms: "One can levitate a ping pong ball using a steady stream of air from a hair dryer," he said in a statement. "But it wouldn't work if the ping pong ball were too big, or if it were too far away from the hair dryer, and so on." In the paper, the Caltech researchers argue that their light manipulation theoretically could work with an object of any size, from micrometers to spaceship size. Though the theory is still untested in the real world, the researchers say that if it pans out, it could send a spacecraft to the nearest star outside our solar system in just 20 years. "There is an audaciously interesting application to use this technique as a means for propulsion of a new generation of spacecraft," said Harry Atwater, professor at the Caltech Division of Engineering and Applied Science. "We're a long way from actually doing that, but we are in the process of testing out the principles." READ MORE: Levitating objects with light [Caltech] More on light levitation: Japanese Researchers Unveil Tiny, Floating "Firefly" Light Share This Article 
A chemical reaction you learned about in middle school could help solve the energy crisis. Running an electrical current through water splits it into oxygen and hydrogen, the latter of which can be used as a reliable, zero-emission fuel source. In the past, the process of purifying water beforehand was too energy intensive for this process to be useful — but now scientists have figured out how to skip the process altogether and convert seawater into usable hydrogen, according to research published in the journal PNAS. Generating hydrogen fuel from freshwater sources would put too great a strain on everyone else who needs that water, argue the scientists from Stanford University and the Beijing University of Chemical Technology. That's especially true as climate change could soon worsen droughts around the world. So instead, the scientists developed a new metal coating for the electrodes used in the experiment that would let them withstand the chemical reaction as it occurs in saltwater. Because an electrical charge is necessary to actually split the water into hydrogen and oxygen, the scientists tried to make their apparatus as environmentally friendly as possible and powered it with solar cells. Stanford chemist Hongjie Dai told Fast Company that the system could be rigged to submarines or SCUBA gear. Hydrogen fuel cells could power the sub or the diver's gear, while the oxygen generated from the chemical reaction could keep them stocked up with breathable air. But any practical applications are still far off in the future, as this new research simply demonstrates that the technology could work at all. "Right now, the need for hydrogen is still relatively limited because the so-called hydrogen economy hasn't taken off yet, although it's in its early growing stage," Dai told Fast Company. "You could imagine there would be more demand for hydrogen." READ MORE: Scientists just found a new way to make fuel from seawater [Fast Company] More on hydrogen: Cheap Hydrogen Fuel Was A Failed Promise. But Its Time May Have Arrived. Share This Article 
Many animals, including certain birds and turtles, can find their way while migrating by sensing the Earth's magnetic field. But humans never seemed to possess the ability to feel the earth's magnetism — up until scientists pulled off a new experiment published Monday in the journal eNeuro. "For the first time in humans, clear responses to magnetic field changes were observed," Michael Winklhofer, a biologist at Carl von Ossietzsky University of Oldeburg who did not work on the new research told Gizmodo. "Even though the magnetic field was not consciously perceived in the test persons that showed brain responses to the field, the study invites [other scientists] to follow up research to understand the mechanism by which the magnetic field elicits neuronal activity." The scientists looked at the brain scans of people in an enclosed room where they generated a shifting magnetic field. As the field changed directions, parts of some participants' brains' electrical activity shifted as well. A major caveat to this research: the participants had no conscious knowledge that their brains were responding to a simulated shift in Earth's magnetic pole, so scientists don't yet know whether there are any behavioral or physiological implications to their findings. "It is one thing to find a subtle change in brain activity in response to a weak magnetic field, and another thing to show that people really detect and use magnetic field information in a meaningful way," University of North Carolina biologist Kenneth Lohmann, who also did not contribute to the research, told Gizmodo. Lohmann also called the research "fascinating and provocative." The scientists who conducted the brain scan study suspect that humans capable of this magnetoreception may have some sort of vestigial abilities from our genetic ancestors. This research didn't answer how it works, but researcher Joseph Kirschvink, a Caltech geophysicist who worked on the study, suspects some brain cells may contain tiny, magnetic crystals. "Magnetoreception is a normal sensory system in animals, just like vision, hearing, touch, taste, smell, gravity, temperature, and many others," Krischvink told Gizmodo. "All of these systems have specific cells that detect the photon, sound wave, or whatever, and send signals from them to the brain, as does a microphone or video camera connected to a computer. But without the software in the computer, the microphone or video camera will not work. We are saying that human neurophysiology evolved with a magnetometer — most likely based on magnetite — and the brain has extensive software to process the signals." READ MORE: Some Humans Can Sense Earth’s Magnetic Field, Fascinating Experiment Suggests [Gizmodo] More on brain scans: Scientists Claim to Find “Neurological Signature” of Consciousness Share This Article 
Donald Trump has aligned himself with the 71 percent of Americans wary of self-driving cars, reportedly telling a number of people he doesn't trust autonomous vehicle tech, according to Axios. Axios spoke to four anonymous sources who all heard Trump say he doesn't believe self-driving technology will ever be perfected. When a fellow golf club member expressed excitement for the self-driving capabilities of his new Tesla, the club member told Axios Trump replied by saying: "Yeah that's cool but I would never get in a self-driving car... I don't trust some computer to drive me around." Trump's comments come as a surprise, given his administration's push to relax regulations and speed up the rate at which companies can develop and test self-driving vehicles. But apparently his own administration's efforts aren't enough for Trump to relinquish control over his golf cart's steering wheel. "You know when he's telling a story, and he does the hand motions," one source told Axios in regards to Trump's comments. "He says, 'Can you imagine, you're sitting in the back seat and all of a sudden this car is zig-zagging around the corner and you can't stop the fucking thing?'" READ MORE: Scoop: Trump hates "crazy" driverless cars [Axios] More on self-driving cars: Poll: Cool Teens Think Self-Driving Cars Are Totally Lame Share This Article 
The team behind Japanese space agency JAXA's Hayabusa2 asteroid sample return mission are hard at work preparing for a groundbreaking feat: firing a bullet at an asteroid. The Hayabusa2 spacecraft launched in December 2014 and rendezvoused with the tiny asteroid named Ryugu this past June. Three separate robot landers gave us stunning glimpses of Ryugu's surface throughout the year. The next step is for the spacecraft to drop a "small carry-on impactor" — effectively a gun barrel that shoots metal bullets — to loosen up portions of Ryugu, according to the mission's official website. Touchdown #haya2_TD is planned for Feb 22 ~8am JST! We will have a live web broadcast from the control room (link coming soon) with English translation. Have questions? Ask us at the #haya2_QA hashtag! (Early is fine.) (Please forgive us if we cannot get to all your questions.) — HAYABUSA2@JAXA (@haya2e_jaxa) February 18, 2019  Initial data about the surface of Ryugu caught JAXA scientists by surprise. They expected powdery regolith, but observed larger pieces of gravel when the mission's two rovers, MASCOT and MINERVA-II1, landed on the asteroid's surface last year. Their solution: shoot the surface to pry loose a sample that could safely be carried back home on board Hayabusa2. In a test carried out in December, the Hayabusa2 team fired an identical bullet at a simulated asteroid surface inside a vacuum chamber back on Earth. The test was a success: plenty of powdery gravel sample for Hayabusa2 to bring home. The surface of Ryugu was not what we expected. So our sampler team had to conduct an experiment to check we could still gather material from the asteroid surface when we attempt #haya2_TD touchdown this Friday!  https://t.co/bCzvW2gwSr pic.twitter.com/XxJXETKB6N — HAYABUSA2@JAXA (@haya2e_jaxa) February 18, 2019  The team is still planning to deploy Haybusa2's last rover (MINERVA-II) onto the surface of the asteroid in July before bringing home its bounty towards the end of the year for analysis. Hayabusa2's next touchdown is slated for this coming Friday. READ MORE: Shooting bullets into Ryugu! [JAXA] More on Ryugu: Here Are The First Photos From The Robots Japan Landed on an Asteroid Share This Article 
In a series of tweets yesterday, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk confirmed that the space company is about to start testing an early prototype of its Starship spacecraft. The so-called "hopper" test vehicle will feature only a single Raptor engine, as opposed to three for the final version. The test vehicle won't enter orbit, but its low altitude test flights help prepare for future journeys as lengthy as a trip to Mars. Starship Hopper in preparations to hop, "Ooh ah, just a little bit".  📸@BocaChicaGal https://t.co/fk1cdRpyvm pic.twitter.com/VLW5ADBtgP — Chris B - NSF (@NASASpaceflight) March 17, 2019  Local residents near SpaceX's test site in Brownsville, Texas, received a notice in the mail informing them of test flights that could occur "as soon as the week of March 18, 2019," according to local news. Checkpoints will be set up for a "safety zone" around the launch site. "Hopefully," Musk replied in a tweet, when asked if it was true SpaceX was testing this week. "Always many issues integrating engine & stage. First hops will lift off, but only barely." SpaceX successfully tested the Raptor engine in February. With three of them powering the spacecraft, Starship could eventually make its way all the way to the Moon or even Mars — or at least that's the hope. Musk also tweeted that SpaceX didn't bother building "a new nosecone for Hopper" after the original was damaged due to high winds at the Texas test site in January. "Don’t need it," he wrote. "What you see being built is the orbital Starship vehicle." READ MORE: SpaceX preparing to begin Starship hopper tests [Space News] More on Starship: Watch SpaceX Test-Fire the Starship Engine for the First Time Share This Article 
If someone asked you "If, in some cataclysm, all of scientific knowledge were to be destroyed, and only one sentence passed on to the next generation of creatures, what statement would be most important?" What would your answer be? For me, I believe it is the atomic hypothesis that tells us that "All things are made of indistinguishable atoms-little particles that that move around in perpetual motion, attracting each other when they are a little distance apart, but repelling upon being squeezed into one another" is the most important knowledge that should be passed on. In that one sentence, there is an enormous amount of information about the world, if just a little imagination and critical thinking are applied. That said, thermodynamics is a little more complex than this statement indicates. Here are the primary laws that are accepted by scientists (other have been suggested, but remain controversial): Today, we want to talk about entropy. We now understand that the entirety of Classical Thermodynamics is reducible to an assumption of this function, (that means we can prove the 1st Law by assuming the 2nd Law). In Statistical Thermodynamics, Ludwig Boltzmann was the first person to create a model that made sense of this function, in that it (entropy) grows correctly. So, what is this entropy? Imagine two boxes; they are so small, each box can only house one atom. Then, you can put two atoms in them, {1,2} or {2,1}. For photons, they can stand on top of each other, so you can have {12, } and { , 12} as part of the 4 possibilities. If you draw two boxes next to each other, you can draw this yourself. Any interesting big system can be chopped up into boxes like this, and the entropy of that system is the number of ways we can fill up this big system with N particles. That is all there is to it. But wait. From this definition of entropy, you can derive the ideal gas law. If you took the photons case, and used it as the classical gases, (because back then you won't understand why quantum particles don't want to squeeze into the same box), then your ideal gas law will look like: This says that the Pressure times the Volume of a system is equal to the Temperature of a gas system. But compared to the classical ideal gas equation You realise that, hey, you are missing N, the number of particles, of number around 10^23 particles. All your ideal gases will collapse into SMALLNESS! Working backwards, Gibbs found out that he had to divide the entropy by N! to compensate the error. Then, one day, while lecturing to students, Bose mistakenly drew 3 cases for light, instead of 4. And the result of his calculation fitted the Planck's Law for light perfectly. So, instead of showing his students the paradox that everyone was fretting about, he derived a working answer. Seeking to publish it, the journal editors would not accept ("What do you mean, you want us to publish your mistake?") Frustrated, he turned to Einstein, and Einstein took it seriously. Because of that, particles that can be squeezed together are called "Bosons," and the Boson in the name "Higgs Boson" came from here. We have not explained why there iare only 3 cases for bosons, but I should make a detour here to say that, considering only 1 case, we may derive particles that obey Pauli's Exclusion Principle, which we call "Fermions." Electrons and other fundamental constituents of matter are fermions, while combinations, or force carrying particles, tend to be bosons. The reason for only 3 cases for bosons and only 1 case for fermions is now understood in terms of the indistinguishability. Back in our definitions, we simply listed the possibilities by labelling the particles. However, in the fundamentals, we cannot do so -- it is impossible to tell one electron apart from another electron. What happens is that, instead of labelling electron 1 and electron 2, we see that we can only have {p,p}. For bosons, we may have {pp, }, { , pp} and {p,p}. The reason the electrons must be squeezed into {p,p}, is because it is impossible to squeeze them into one box, as noted earlier. Not only are they indistinguishable, their indistinguishability has enormous physical implications. They can have different energies, and so on --  this is obviously related to quantum entanglement. But we can now take a step back and consider the philosophical implications of this indistinguishability. We are not saying that it is a limitation of our physical apparatus that we cannot paint one of the electrons blue or something. Indeed, the moment you can distinguish them, like in the He-3 (fermion) and He-4 (boson, until you hit the limit of compressing them so much that the constituent fermion effects become important) case, then the He-3 and He-4 operate in separate accounting efforts. It means that, not only are we unable to distinguish between two electrons, nature itself cannot. Share This Article 
Tests show that dormant herpes viruses reactivate in more than half the astronauts who travel on the Space Shuttle and International Space station, according to new NASA research — a phenomenon the space agency says could pose problems for deep space missions. "During spaceflight there is a rise in secretion of stress hormones like cortisol and adrenaline, which are known to suppress the immune system, " said study author Satish Mehta, a researcher at Johnson Space Center, in a press release. "In keeping with this, we find that astronaut's immune cells — particularly those that normally suppress and eliminate viruses — become less effective during spaceflight and sometimes for up to 60 days after." In research published last month in the journal Frontiers in Microbiology, Mehta and colleagues found that astronauts shed more herpes viruses in their urine and saliva than before or after space travel. The culprit, they suspect, is just the stress of spaceflight. "NASA astronauts endure weeks or even months exposed to microgravity and cosmic radiation — not to mention the extreme G forces of take-off and re-entry," Mehta said in the press release. "This physical challenge is compounded by more familiar stressors like social separation, confinement and an altered sleep-wake cycle." Fortunately, symptoms were relatively rare. Out of 89 astronauts the team studied, only six experienced herpes breakouts in space, according to the paper — a rate of about seven percent. The viral shedding also got worse the longer the astronauts were off Earth, leading researchers to worry the phenomenon could represent a challenge for deep space travel. "While only a small proportion develop symptoms, virus reactivation rates increase with spaceflight duration and could present a significant health risk on missions to Mars and beyond," reads the press release. READ MORE: Dormant viruses activate during spaceflight [Phys.org] More on herpes: Immune Cells Working Together To Kill Herpes Virus Captured on Video Share This Article 
In April 2018, hackers stole the equivalent of $15 million from Mexican banks — and now we know how they probably did it. Penetration tester and security advisor Josu Loza was one of the experts called in to respond to the April heist, and on March 8 he presented his findings at the RSA Security conference in San Francisco. Based on his analysis, Mexico's central bank wasn't doing nearly enough to protect its clients' money — but other financial institutions could avoid the same fate if they're willing to work together. On Friday, Wired published a story detailing the information Loza shared with the audience at RSA's conference. Based on his assessment, the success of the heist was due to a combination of expert bank hackers willing to spend months planning their crime and a banking network rife with security holes. During the presentation, Loza made the case that the hackers might have accessed the Banco de México's internal servers from the public internet, or perhaps launched phishing attacks on bank executives or employees to gain access. Regardless of how they first got access, Loza said, the main problem was putting too many eggs in one security basket. Because many of the networks lacked adequate segmentation and access controls, he argued, a single breach could provide the bank hackers with extensive access. That enabled them to lay the groundwork to eventually make numerous money transfers in smaller amounts, perhaps $5,000 or so, to accounts under their control. They'd then pay hundreds of "cash mules" each a small sum — Loza estimated that $260 might be enough — to withdraw the money for them. The bank hackers are still at large, but the heist appears to have served as a wake-up call for the Banco de México. "From last year to today the focus has been implementing controls. Control, control, control," Lazo said during his presentation, according to Wired. "And I think the attacks aren't happening today because of it." He also noted the need for companies to collaborate to defend against cyberattacks. "Mexican people need to start to work together. All the institutions need to cooperate more," Loza said. "The main problem on cybersecurity is that we don’t share knowledge and information or talk about attacks enough. People don't want to make details about incidents public." READ MORE: HOW HACKERS PULLED OFF A $20 MILLION MEXICAN BANK HEIST [Wired] More on hacking: Hacker Figures out How to Drain $1 Million in Cash From ATM Share This Article 
Presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke just admitted to spending his teenage years as part of the Cult of the Dead Cow (CDC), a group of hackers that first coined the term "hacktivism." O'Rourke, who failed to unseat Senator Ted Cruz in the 2018 midterm election and recently decided to run for president instead of challenging Senator John Cornyn in 2020, told Reuters that he credits the hacker group for helping develop his worldview — an intriguing admission for an unusual candidate who skateboards and used to play in a punk band. According to Reuters, there's no evidence that O'Rourke actually engaged in any sort of serious hacking, though he did cop to stealing the long-distance phone service necessary for reaching the online message boards of the day. Rather, O'Rourke seemed to spend his time in the Cult of the Dead Cow writing and sharing fiction with the community, such as a short story he wrote at age 15 about running over children in a car, Reuters reports. "We weren’t deliberately looking for hacking chops," CDC founder Kevin Wheeler told Reuters, describing the group's attitude during the period of time O'Rourke was most active. "It was very much about personality and writing, really. For a long time, the ‘test,’ or evaluation, was to write [text files]. Everyone was expected to write things. If we were stoked to have more hacker-oriented people, it was because we’d be excited to have a broader range in our t-files." "There’s just this profound value in being able to be apart from the system and look at it critically and have fun while you’re doing it," O'Rourke said. "I think of the Cult of the Dead Cow as a great example of that." The presidential hopeful, who espouses a mix of traditional liberal and libertarian views, describes the group as a sort of network for outcasts from society. "When Dad bought an Apple IIe and a 300-baud modem and I started to get on boards, it was the Facebook of its day," he said. "You just wanted to be part of a community." READ MORE: Beto O’Rourke’s secret membership in America’s oldest hacking group [Reuters] More on hacktivism: It’s Now Scary to Be A White Hat Hacker Thanks to the US Government Share This Article 
Jak Wilmot, the co-founder of Atlanta-based VR content studioDisrupt VR, spent 168 consecutive hours in a VR headset — that's a full week — pent up in his apartment. "This is quite possibly the dumbest thing I've ever done, but welcome to a week in the future," he said in a video about the experiment. To make the experience even more futuristic, Wilmot livestreamed the entire week on Twitch late last month, later uploading a wrapup video on his entire week on YouTube. The rules were simple: he could switch from a computer-based Oculus headset to a different, untethered headset for thirty seconds while his eyes were closed. His windows were blacked out, he said, so that his physical body didn't have to rely on the daylight-dependent circadian rhythm. His more mobile VR headset had a built in camera in the front, so that he was able to "see" his physical surroundings — but not directly with his own eyes. Wilmot worked, ate and exercised inside virtual reality. Sleeping in the headset turned out to be "more comfortable" than Wilmot anticipated, though his eyes burned a bit. "If one is feeling stressed, they can load into a natural environment for ten minutes and relax," he said in the video. "If one is feeling energetic, they can dispel energy in a fitness game — these are like the new rules of the reality I've thrown myself in. Everything is in the headset." Wilmot believes that virtual reality is what you make it. If you want to be alone, you can spend time by yourself in a gaming session, slaying dragons in Skyrim VR. Or you can chose to join the cacophony of VRChat — a communal free-for-all multiplayer online platform that allows you to interact with avatars controlled by complete strangers. "VR is stepping into the shoes of someone else, or stepping into a spaceship and talking to friends," said Wilmot. "It's very easy to find your tribe, to make friends, to communicate with others through a virtual landscape, where its no longer through digital window [like a monitor], but actually being there with them. To me that's what VR is — connection." After seven days of living inside the headset, Wilmot took off the goggles and relearned what it's like to live in the real world. Experiment_01... 𝘾𝙤𝙢𝙥𝙡𝙚𝙩𝙚 Subject Status... 𝘼𝙡𝙞𝙫𝙚 pic.twitter.com/HC0Jqb3aZq — jak (@JakWilmot) February 27, 2019  Apart from slight dizziness and some disorientation, he came back to normal almost instantly. One major advantage to not living inside a VR headset: "oh my gosh," he said, "the graphics are so good." READ MORE: This Guy Is Spending A Full Week In VR, For Science [VR Scout] More on virtual reality: Sex Researchers: For Many, Virtual Lovers Will Replace Humans Share This Article 
So, Readers - As always, we've got some news about the future. Except this time, it's about us. We're about to enter the next chapter of Futurism, one that will usher in a new era for this site. It'll come with new ways we'll be able to deliver on everything you've grown to read, watch, subscribe to, and love about what we do here. And also, more in volume of what we do, with larger ambitions, and ultimately, a higher level of quality with which we're able to bring those ambitions to fruition. As of today, Futurism Media is proud to announce that we're joining operations with Singularity University. In other words: They bought us, they own us, and quite frankly, we're excited about the deal. It's an excitement and an occasion we share in with you, our community of readers — aspiring and working technologists, scientists, engineers, academics, and fans, who carried us to where we are, who helped make this independent media company what it is today. We've always been humbled by your support, and we've worked to reciprocate it by publishing one of the most crucial independent technology and science digital digests, every day, full stop. What this changes for you? Nothing. Really. Except: More of what you've come to count on Futurism.com to deliver every time you've read our stories, opened our emails, swiped up on our 'Gram, watched our videos, dropped in on our events, clicked through a Byte, and so on. This partnership represents the sum total of the work you've engaged with, and the start of a new chapter in which we'll be able to deliver on more of the above. That means increased coverage of the emergent, cutting-edge innovation and scientific developments changing the world, and the key characters and narratives shaping them (or being shaped by them). It means an expanded, in-depth feature publishing program, arriving this Spring (it's rad, and it's gonna blow your socks off). It means more breaking news reporting and analysis. It means original media products you haven't seen from us before — new verticals, microsites, other ways for you to get in the mix with our coverage. And yes, by working in concert with Singularity University, we're going to have a pretty decent competitive advantage: Direct access to the characters and personas shaping our future, the people, ideas, and innovations right at the frontier of exponential growth technologies. Our branded content team, Futurism Creative, will also continue to produce guideline-abiding, cutting-edge, thoughtful and engaging content for our partners, and for the partners of SU, too. And finally, our Futurism Studios division will continue to push the envelope of feature-length narrative storytelling of the science fiction (and science fact) stories of that future. Will this change our journalism? Not in the slightest. We'll still be operating as an independent, objective news outlet, without interference from our partners, who will continue to hold us to the same ethics and accountability standards we've held ourselves to these last few years. There might be more appearances from the folks at SU in our work (not that SU's proliferate network of notable alumni or board members haven't previously made appearances around these parts prior to this), but by no means will SU be shoehorning themselves into what we do here. Yet: Where the opportunity exists, we'll absolutely seize on the chance to co-create and catalyze action together to shape the technology and science stories on the horizon, to say nothing of that future itself. We'll continue to make quality the primary concern — and they're here to support that mandate, and augment this team with additional resources to accomplish it. If even the appearance of a conflict presents itself, as always, we'll default to disclosure. But it'd be absurd of us not to take advantage of the immense base of knowledge our new partners in Mountain View have on offer (an apt comparison here would be, say, Harvard Business Review to H.B.S. or M.I.T. and our contemporaries at the MIT Technology Review). We've been circling this partnership for a while; they, fans of ours, and us, fans of theirs. The original mandate of Futurism as written by our C.E.O. Alex Klokus was to increase the rate of human adaptability towards the future through delivering on the news of where that future is headed. Singularity University concerns itself with educating the world on the exponential growth technologies changing our lives. It's a perfect merging of interests. Where exponential growth technologies are concerned: One only need look as far as the way online advertising and social platforms changed the economics of media to see this. To find a home with a growing institution that will prove increasingly vital to the growing global community they've already established in spades is the best possible outcome. And no, we didn't get crazy-rich or anything. But we did galvanize the future (and all its possibilities) for everyone at this company, and our ability to keep serving you, our readers. We're immensely proud of the scrappy, tight team here; and especially you, our community of readers and partners we've grown with these last few years. We're proud of the product we've created, especially last year, when we steered away from reliance on social media platforms for an audience, and reconfigured an editorial strategy around the priority of driving you directly to Futurism.com daily, by prioritizing quality, topicality, reliability, and on-site presentation (shocker: it worked). Now, we proud to be able to do more, better, of what we've always done here: Tell the stories of tomorrow, today. On behalf of the entire Brooklyn-based Futurism team, thanks for being along for the ride so far, and on behalf of the new Futurism x Singularity University family, here's to more of where that came from. The future, as ever, is looking bright. We can't wait to tell you about it. - Foster KamerDirector of Content James DelPublisher Sarah Marquart Director of Strategic Operations Geoff Clark President of Futurism Studios Share This Article 
DeepMind, the artificial intelligence startup purchased by Google in 2014, is on a mission to build the world's first artificial general intelligence (AGI) — the sort of all-encompassing, superhuman AI we see in science fiction. To make sure that AGI is used responsibly, DeepMind founder Demis Hassabis protected his company's independence from Google and parent company Alphabet by building internal safeguards, according to a new story by The Economist's cultural publication, 1843 Magazine — including an ethics board controlled by Hassabis and his original team, rather than Google. Though Google has long branded itself as an ethical leader within the world of AI, 1843's report details a history of power grabs and questionable management. For instance, DeepMind started a new healthcare division in 2016 that would use AI technology to streamline hospital operations and monitor patients' vitals. Just two years later, months after DeepMind Health had closed contracts with partner hospitals, Google announced Google Health and absorbed DeepMind's program into it, giving little notice to DeepMind or the hospitals. Sources close to the matter, granted anonymity by 1843 because they signed non-disclosure agreements, shared that the move led to resentment and anger among DeepMind's team. Some of those same anonymous sources also shared doubts with 1843 that DeepMind would ever crack the code of artificial general intelligence, pointing to little-known weaknesses and caveats to the company's highly-publicized AI success stories. The algorithms developed at DeepMind can do fascinating things, like demolish certain video games and retain knowledge better than other systems, but there's no clear roadmap to the fundamentally-new technology necessary for developing AGI. But should Hassabis ever figure it out, the safeguards and ethical review boards that he put in place when his company was bought could mean that the technology will remain in the hands of him and his team instead of becoming just another Google technology. READ MORE: DeepMind and Google: the battle to control artificial intelligence [1843 Magazine] More on artificial intelligence: You Have No Idea What Artificial Intelligence Really Does Share This Article 
While tech companies like Waymo, Uber, and Tesla race to be the first to build a fully-autonomous vehicle, the public is left eating their dust. About 71 percent of Americans say that they don't trust self-driving cars, according to a new American Automobile Association (AAA) survey. That's roughly the same percentage as last year's survey, but it's eight points higher than in 2017, according to Bloomberg — and just 19 percent say they'd put their children or family members into an autonomous vehicle. Overall, the data is a striking sign of public fatigue with self-driving cars. Autonomous vehicles, unlike some other emerging technologies, have suffered very public setbacks, including when an Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian a year ago. "It's possible that the sustained level of fear is rooted in a heightened focus, whether good or bad, on incidents involving these types of vehicles," said AAA director of automotive engineering Greg Brannon in a statement obtained by Bloomberg. "Also it could simply be due to a fear of the unknown." The AAA survey found that Americans are more accepting of autonomous vehicle tech in limited-use cases. For example, 53 percent of survey respondents were okay with self-driving trams or shuttles being used in areas like theme parks, while 44 percent accepted the idea of autonomous food-delivery bots. Self-driving car companies are currently engaging in public relations efforts to earn people's trust, Bloomberg reports. But if these AAA numbers are any indication, there's a long way to go. READ MORE: Americans Still Fear Self-Driving Cars [Bloomberg] More on autonomous vehicles: Exclusive: A Waymo One Rider’s Experiences Highlight Autonomous Rideshare’s Shortcomings Share This Article 
First, it was supposed to feature Model-X-style "falcon wing" doors, and then it didn't. It was supposed to be built in the Shanghai factory, but that didn't work out either. Tesla finally unveiled its fifth production car, the Model Y, at its design studio outside of Los Angeles Thursday evening. "It has the functionality of an SUV, but it will ride like a sports car," Tesla CEO Elon Musk said during the event. "So this thing will be really tight on corners." Yes, acceleration is still zippy: zero to 60 in 3.5 seconds. But the vehicle is less than revolutionary. It's arguably the company's second crossover sports utility vehicle, after the Model X, and it borrows heavily from the company's successful Model 3. In fact, 75 percent of its parts are the same, according to CEO Elon Musk. The back of the Y is slightly elevated in the back for a roomier cargo space. A long-range model will feature seven seats — just like the Model X, despite being slightly smaller. Range: still 300 miles with the Long Range battery pack, thanks to its aerodynamic shape. It will also be "feature complete" according to Musk, referring to the fact that the Model Y will one day be capable of "full self-driving" that he says "will be able to do basically anything just with software upgrades." As expected, the Model Y is ten percent bigger and costs roughly ten percent more than the Model 3: the first Model Y — the Long Range model — will be released in the fall of 2020 and will sell for $47,000. A dual-motor all-wheel drive version and a performance version will sell for $51,000 and $60,000, respectively. If you want to save a buck and get the ten-percent-cheaper-than-the-Model-3 version, you'll have to wait: a Standard Range (230 miles) model will go on sale in 2021 for just $39,000. Overall, the Model Y seems like a compromise: it's not a radical shift, but it seems carefully designed to land with a certain type of consumer — and, if Musk is to be believed, without sacrificing Tesla's carefully-cultivated "cool factor." Investors seemed slightly underwhelmed, too — the company's stock reportedly slid up to five percent after the announcement. READ MORE:  Tesla unveils Model Y electric SUV with 300 miles range and 7-seats [Electrek] More on the Model Y: Elon Musk: Tesla Will Unveil Model Y Next Week Share This Article 
Some scientists are moving their labs out of the U.S. to countries with fewer restrictions on their work, according to the Genetic Literacy Project. The heart of the issue stems from a 2017 proposal by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to regulate animals with "intentionally-altered" DNA as though they were veterinary drugs. That would impose stricter restrictions on scientists who alter the genomes of livestock — meaning American universities could miss out on new scientific developments. Experts like University of California Davis animal biotechnologist Alison Van Eenennaam argue that the new regulations are paying attention to the wrong thing, according to the GLP. Instead of evaluating whether an animal is still food safe, Van Eenennaam argues that the FDA regulations will arbitrarily stymie scientific progress. "Myself and fellow academic researchers reject the idea that intentional genomic DNA alterations should be regulated as a veterinary drug in food animals," Van Eenennaam told the GLP, "and consider that the proposed approach will thwart the development of genetic approaches by public sector researchers and small companies to use gene editing to solve zoonotic disease and animal welfare problems in the United States." The GLP previously reported on biologist Charles Long, who said that the FDA regulations motivated him to move his cattle genetics research from Texas A&M University, where he struggled to secure funding, down to Brazil. "We’ve essentially given up,” Long told The GLP. "I'm going to move the entire damn project down there." READ MORE: US researchers moving abroad to avoid FDA’s CRISPR-edited animal regulations [Genetic Literacy Project] More on gene editing: Experts Call for Temporary World Ban on Gene-Hacked Children Share This Article 
Millions of gigantic space rocks could be traveling the galaxy, eventually reaching new star systems where they settle down to help form planets. At least, that's the gist of a new scientific paper shared on the preprint server ArXiv on Monday. "It’s not a very efficient process, but you’re starting out with so many of them that you still end up with plenty," Susanne Pfalzner of Germany's Jülich Supercomputing Center told New Scientist. So far, scientists have only ever detected one such interstellar visitor, a comet that astronomers named 'Oumuamua. But the German and British researchers behind this new paper argue that many more have likely passed through our solar system, either being too small or dark to spot without a healthy dose of luck. If they fall into orbit at a protoplanetary disk, where dust and other space-stuff circles a young star, one of these interstellar travelers could serve as the base to form a new planet much faster than they would grow on their own, they argue in the paper. "If planet-forming discs were seeded with large rocks in this way, then it would accelerate the planet formation process significantly," University of Leicester astrophysicist Richard Alexander, who didn't work on the study, told New Scientist. The new paper doesn't mention Earth by name, but if the hypothesis holds up to further scrutiny, then it's technically possible that an interstellar visitor could have acted as the seed around which our home eventually grew. "A fraction of planets could have had an 'Oumuamua at their heart," Michele Bannister, an astrophysicist at Queens University Belfast, told New Scientist. "You're not going to have any trace of it anymore, but it’s a lovely thought." READ MORE: Earth may be partly made of rocks from elsewhere in the galaxy [New Scientist] More on 'Oumuamua: The First-Ever Interstellar Asteroid Is the Start of a New Era in Astronomy Share This Article 
The European Space Agency's (ESA) ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter, which launched in 2016, just sent back some spectacular images of the Martian surface. The orbiter is equipped to take images of the Martian surface in glorious 3D. The picture below shows the Columbus Crater on Mars' southern hemisphere — which NASA discovered that sulfate particles contain hydrated minerals. Another amazing shot: a pic of NASA's InSight lander hammering away at the Martian surface earlier this month. It's the first time a European orbiter has taken a picture of InSight — though NASA's own Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter spotted InSight from orbit in December. InSight's heat shield, landing parachutes protective shell can also be seen as small dots. A stereoscopic image shows dust devil streaks, in blue, on the edge of a massive crater. Throw on a pair of basic 3D glasses to appreciate the full effect. The following images shows the edge of the Burroughs crater roughly 120 miles northwest of Mars' northern polar ice cap. Some of the northernmost mounds are thought to be completely made up of "nearly pure water ice." READ MORE: InSight lander among latest ExoMars image bounty [ESA] More on InSight: NASA's InSight Mars Rover Runs Into Trouble Digging a Hole Share This Article 
An estimated one million Americans can't feed themselves. That leaves them little choice but to rely on another person at mealtime, which can be both awkward and time-consuming. But now, researchers from the University of Washington have built Assistive Dexterous Arm (ADA), an artificially intelligent robot arm capable of using a fork to move food from a person's plate to their mouth — another encouraging example of how AI and robotics can help people with disabilities live more independent lives. In a pair of recently published papers, the UW team describes how a pair of algorithms give ADA the ability to feed a person. The first algorithm, RetinaNet, is an object-detection system. It scans a plate to determine the types of food on it, placing a "frame" around each item. The second algorithm, SPNet, analyzes the food in a frame and sends instructions to the robot arm that let it know how to skewer the food in a way that'll be easy for a person to eat — it might instruct the bot to stab a piece of banana in its center, for example, but a carrot near one end. Giving the system the contextual knowledge that not all food should be treated the same way was a key part of ADA's development process, according to researcher Siddhartha Srinivasa. "If we don’t take into account how easy it is for a person to take a bite, then people might not be able to use our system," he said in a press release. "There’s a universe of types of food out there, so our biggest challenge is to develop strategies that can deal with all of them." Once the robotic arm, which attaches to a wheelchair, receives its instructions from the algorithm, it relies on a system of sensors and cameras to skewer each piece of food with a 3D-printed fork and move it to a person's mouth so they can eat it. While Srinivasa is hopeful that ADA will provide people who have trouble feeding themselves with a new level of independence, he doesn't see envision the system eliminating the need for human help altogether. "Ultimately our goal is for our robot to help people have their lunch or dinner on their own," he said in the press release. "But the point is not to replace caregivers: We want to empower them. With a robot to help, the caregiver can set up the plate, and then do something else while the person eats." READ MORE: Food-Focused Autonomous Robot Arm Knows How to Use the Forks [New Atlas] More on AI: New Google App Describes Objects to Blind People Share This Article 
Voting booths are notoriously buggy. Whether they've been actively hacked or just improperly calibrated, every election season is rife with complaints that machines misrecorded ballots or that an election has been compromised by hackers. To prevent us from having to take a technological step backwards to paper ballots, U.S. Department of Defense's research division DARPA is working with cybersecurity firm Galois to develop open source voting machine technology that would let people verify that their votes were tallied correctly, according to Motherboard. The ultimate goal isn't to sell machines, but to develop tech that would beef up existing voting machine vendors' security. "We will not have a voting system that we can deploy. That’s not what we do,” Linton Salmon, the DARPA scientist managing the project, told Motherboard. "We will show a methodology that could be used by others to build a voting system that is completely secure." To make sure that any new voting machines built with DARPA software are actually better than today's, the plan is to invite experts ranging from academic computer scientists to hackers to test it out and search for vulnerabilities, according to Motherboard. One way that the new system might improve upon others is by printing out a sheet showing a voter's selections so that they can look it over before feeding it into a separate machine that will actually record the vote. "That receipt does not permit you to prove anything about how you voted, but does permit you to prove that the system accurately captured your intent and your vote is in the final tally," Galois principal scientist Joe Kiniry told Motherboard. READ MORE: DARPA Is Building a $10 Million, Open Source, Secure Voting System [Motherboard] More on election security: Could Digital Voting Create a Society That Is Truly Governed by the People? Share This Article 
Whether it's chess, Go, or Starcraft II, computer scientists are getting pretty good at building artificial intelligence that excels at games once dominated by people. For the hapless humans who are left eating the pro-gamer AI's dust, coming second to the bots again and again has a noticeable demoralizing effect, according to a study presented at a recent conference on human-robot interaction. While the psychological effects of playing games against a robot may not be groundbreaking, the study has dire implications for people who see more and more of their co-workers replaced by robots and AI — in other words, as we all start to lose at the game of work. In the study, human participants competed against an algorithm in a letter-counting task. Presented with a random string of letters, people had to count the amount of times the letter "G" appeared and drag a block on a computer screen to a space corresponding with the right answer. A correct answer earned them a point, while an incorrect answer froze their screen for ten seconds. Earning more points than the AI competitor within a two-minute span would earn the participant the chance to win a cash prize, which the experimenters tweaked every now and then to see how it affected people's motivation. It turns out that people weren't motivated by a higher pot on its own, but the extent to which they were discouraged by a superior AI increased when the prize value grew. "I felt very stressed competing with the robot," one participant is quoted in the research paper. "In some rounds, I kept seeing the robot’s score increasing out of the corner of my eye, which was extremely nerve-racking." READ MORE: Here’s what robots destroy when they compete with humans [MarketWatch] More on automation: North America Put More Robots to Work in 2018 Than Ever Before Share This Article 
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has a plan to "climate-proof" his city. In an op-ed published in New York Magazine on Wednesday, de Blasio detailed his $10 billion plan to protect Manhattan from the coming rising sea levels and powerful storms that seem almost inevitable in the face of climate change. "It will be one of the most complex environmental and engineering challenges our city has ever undertaken," de Blasio wrote, "and it will, literally, alter the shape of the island of Manhattan." To fortify most of Lower Manhattan, de Blasio's plan allocates $500 million toward the creation of grassy stationary barriers in parks and removable barriers that the city can deploy just prior to a storm. But those types of barriers won't work to protect the eastern edge of Lower Manhattan, which de Blasio noted is just 8 feet above sea level — and tightly packed with vulnerable utilities, sewer systems, and subway lines. The only option then, according to de Blasio, is to build more land — by pushing the coastline of Lower Manhattan from the Brooklyn Bridge to the Battery up to 500 feet into the East River. "When we complete the coastal extension, which could cost $10 billion, Lower Manhattan will be secure from rising seas through 2100," de Blasio wrote. Ninety thousand people call Lower Manhattan home, but the need to protect the area is about far more than the local population. Lower Manhattan is also home to New York's Financial District, which includes the United States' — and, arguably, the world's — economic center: Wall Street. According to de Blasio, climate-proofing this area "should be as much a national priority as a local one — protecting the global center of commerce, the Federal Reserve, the home to a sector of our economy that touches every town and region in America." But the threat of climate change isn't limited to New York — as de Blasio noted, other coastal cities, including Miami, Houston, and Charleston, are also staring down the same alarming fate. "Preparing for climate change has to be a national priority, backed by tens of billions in federal investment," de Blasio wrote. "Lives are on the line." READ MORE: My New Plan to Climate-Proof Lower Manhattan [New York Magazine] More on climate change: Why Sea Levels Along the US East Coast Are Rising at Different Rates Share This Article 
If you work in finance, your printer may have recently spewed out a bizarre warning about the future of your industry. The warning, which took the form of a glitchy-looking letter conveyed the warning that 94 percent of finance professionals could be replaced by AI by 2024. It's been sent to over 623,000 printers with publicly-accessible ports, according to its creators — an ambitious piece of futuristic protest art for the era of automation. "It's 94% likely that by 2024 I will replace millions of accountants, auditors and financial analysts, no matter how experienced or talented ‘they’ may be," the letter reads, maintaining the voice of an AI narrator. "The same fate will befall all professions based on structured and algorithmic processes." The project, called Beware of Bots, is the brainchild of Vlad Sitnikov, the same guy who told Futurism he wanted to launch giant billboards into space. This time, his advertising has gone hyperlocal — in the philosophical opposite of that annoying "learn to code" movement, he urges people to pivot to graphic design and other creative fields that artificial intelligence is less likely to automate. "I will not be able to replace creative professions in the near future," the letter reads, still in the voice of the AI. "Only 8% of graphic designwork will be replaced by bots by 2024." Sitnikov could stand to profit from the hack: the letter he sent to thousands of hacked printers contains a coupon for a design course by author Michael Janda, with whom Sitnikov collaborated, and he was working on behalf of Skillbox, the online learning platform hosting Janda's courses. To reach the finance bros' printers, Sitnikov built a bot that accessed what's called port 9100, through which many printers send and receive data. It's not uncommon for hackers to exploit these publicly-accessible ports, so the hack itself isn't all that revolutionary. Accessing internet-connected printers by exploiting port 9100 is technically illegal, though most exploits tend to be harmless pranks. However,others have previously exploited port 9100 to commit hate crimes or send spam. What is new, however, is using the vulnerability for a viral marketing campaign. While this ad comes under the guise of benevolence, Sitnikov's campaign could open the doors to all sorts of advertisements churning out of your printer. READ MORE: Bot Hacks Printers Worldwide to Warn Humans That Their Jobs Are at Risk from AI [Little Black Book] More on viral marketing: The British Army Has an Official Viral Content Division Share This Article 
SpaceX isn't the only company attempting to revolutionize the way we send astronauts to space. Boeing, the largest aerospace company in the world, is looking to send up its own take on a passenger spacecraft, which it calls the CST-100 Starliner, to the International Space Station. Boeing is planning to launch the capsule — uncrewed for now, as a test flight — on an Atlas 5 rocket as early as April, according to NASA. Boeing's commercial spacecraft shares similarities with SpaceX's Crew Dragon: it can seat a crew of seven, be operated from a central control panel, dock autonomously with the ISS, and can also be reused multiple times. Boeing's Starliner is the result of a $4.2 billion contract signed with NASA in 2014 under the Commercial Crew Program. SpaceX signed a very similar contract for its Crew Dragon mission at the same time, although it paid SpaceX just $2.4 billion. SpaceX successfully launched its passenger spacecraft to the ISS on Saturday, becoming the first ever private American spacecraft to do so. Boeing has tests to complete before it takes off. "There still are many critical steps to complete before launch and while we eagerly are anticipating these launches, we will step through our test flight preparations and readiness reviews," Kathy Lueders, Commercial Crew Program manager at NASA said in an official update. SpaceX is planning a crewed test flight in July of this year. Boeing wants to do the same only a month later — and its first pilots are already on stand-by. Editor's note: This story has been edited to remove the mistaken claim that this was the first time an astronaut has launched from American soil since 2011; in reality, the only traveler on SpaceX's ISS mission was a dummy. READ MORE: Crew Dragon and Starliner: A Look at the Upcoming Astronaut Taxis [Space.com] More on Starliner: NASA Announces The First Commercial Astronauts to Pilot The Next Generation of Spacecraft Share This Article 
You probably learned in school — or space camp — that Venus is Earth's closest planetary neighbor. Ready to get your mind blown? A new model of the planets' orbit shuffles things around, calculating that Earth's closest neighbor, on average, is actually Mercury. In fact, it says that every other planet in the solar system's nearest neighbor is Mercury as well. Sure, Venus comes closer to Earth than Mercury, but it also spends a lot of time on the opposite side of the sun. Scientists from NASA, Los Alamos National Lab, and the U.S. Army put together a new model published Tuesday in Physics Today that breaks down the average distance among planets — and it turns out that they're all, on average, closest to Mercury. The team built an animation showing how even though Earth and Venus briefly pass each other, Mercury's close proximity to the sun meant that its nearest and farthest distances from Earth weren't that different. It's that tight orbit around the sun which, when averaging out all the distances between the planets, keep Mercury from ever getting too far away from any given planet. Sure, this doesn't change much. The planets are still in the same order that they were in when you learned about them as a kid, in terms of orbits. But if you want to blow someone's mind — or maybe bore them with math — at Happy Hour, you can whip out some nifty new space trivia about the solar system\. READ MORE: Venus is not Earth’s closest neighbor [Physics Today] More on space: Mercury is Alive: New Photos Show Evidence of Tectonic Activity Share This Article 
When full-scale quantum computers finally arrive, they could give machine learning algorithms a major boost, letting the AI systems find hidden patterns in data that today's best technology has no hope of spotting. At least, that's the gist of research by IBM scientists, first shared online last year that was published in the journal Nature on Wednesday — findings that could help make much more powerful AI without requiring fundamentally-new algorithms. This quantum AI would excel at what's called feature mapping — breaking down the data into its core components to figure out everything about it. For example, a machine learning algorithm trained to analyze images could analyze the color of every single pixel in the image, looking for patterns that might reveal what the picture depicts. Modern machine learning systems running on a classical computer are already pretty good at that. But according to the new research, a quantum computer could give the AI such a boost that it would be able to look for subtler patterns within huge datasets, according to an IBM-published blog. That may mean finding new trends within troves of data from medical research or new insights into climate change. But Antonio Córcoles, an IBM quantum computing scientist, told Futurism that he has a hard time predicting how these systems may be used, since scientists aren't aware of the patterns and discoveries that they don't know to look for. But this quantum-boosted AI isn’t about to solve any scientific mysteries just yet. The IBM scientists concede that even their best quantum computer isn't nearly sophisticated enough to outperform a classical computer at machine learning tasks. Rather, the team figured out how such a could enhance machine learning, should the researchers working on the hardware side of the problem figure out how to catch up. Córcoles told Futurism that he thinks quantum computer research will get there in about five years, but it will take a community effort as scientists in more fields find ways that the devices will be able to help them crack problems previously thought unsolvable. READ MORE: Researchers Put Machine Learning on the Path to Quantum Advantage [IBM Newsroom] More on quantum computers: Scientists Are Building a Quantum Computer That “Acts Like a Brain” Share This Article 
Late last year, Chinese scientist He Jiankui carried out a highly controversial gene-editing experiment by altering the genome of a human embryo. In a response to growing concern over future changes or edits to hereditary genes, some of the biggest names in gene editing signed an open letter published in the journal Nature this week, calling for a global moratorium on editing DNA to make genetically modified children. The reasoning behind the letter, which is signed by 18 scientists from across the globe, is rooted in the fact that we simple don't know how exactly germline editing could affect the human body — or the bodies of future generations. "By 'global moratorium,' we do not mean a permanent ban," reads the letter. "Rather, we call for the establishment of an international framework in which nations, [...] voluntarily commit to not approve any use of clinical germline editing unless certain conditions are met." An initial fixed period would allow no germline editing to allow for the creation of said framework. The letter points out that about 30 nations have legislation that "directly or indirectly bars all clinical uses of germline editing" already. But the international framework the letter suggests would cover all other countries as well. The moratorium would exclude any experiments that don't intend to implant live embryos and produce children. But any experiments meant to "improve" individuals "will require extensive study" and even then "substantial uncertainty would probably remain," according to the letter. READ MORE: CRISPR experts are calling for a global moratorium on heritable gene editing [MIT Technology Review] More on gene editing: Tiny New CRISPR Protein Could Make Human Gene-Hacking Less Risky Share This Article 
NASA's several-billion-dollar Space Launch System (SLS) is on thin ice. The culprit: the enticingly low-cost and high-performance rockets of its private industry competitors. At a Senate hearing today, NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine suggested that NASA might use a commercial rocket to boost its Orion crew capsule around the Moon in 2020. "We need to consider, as an agency, all options to accomplish that objective," Bridenstine said of the first launch of its Orion crew capsule. "We're talking about a rocket that's taller than the Statue of Liberty with a fairing that can put really big objects into space — and into deep space." NASA's SLS was supposed to use a massive two-stage rocket design to launch astronauts towards the Moon and even Mars. But when that will happen is hard to say. "SLS is failing to meet its schedule," Bridenstine said during the hearing. NASA initially signed a contract with Boeing to build those two stages in 2012. The first planned uncrewed test flight was scheduled for December 2017. Next time window: June 2020 — but even that date is likely to change. And that's not to mention the fact that the SLS is grossly over budget. Conservative 2017 estimates pegged the cost for each launch at $1.5 to $2.5 billion. Estimates for the total authorized budget of the SLS is $46 billion since its conception, according to Ars Technica. To put that into perspective: the White House budget proposal for all of NASA's operations in 2020 is just $21 billion. Ditching the SLS altogether would be a huge admission of failure, but Bridenstine isn't about to give up on NASA. “The Space Launch System, SLS, the largest rocket that’s ever been built in American history, is a critical piece of what the United States of America needs to build,” Bridenstine said during the hearing. READ MORE: NASA considers using a commercial rocket for upcoming trip around the Moon [The Verge] More on the SLS: How Does NASA’s New Mega-Rocket Compare to the Falcon Heavy? Share This Article 
Right now, the bulk of artificial intelligence systems are computer programs that are particularly good at spotting patterns within data. Sure, there are impressive robots out there, but they still have serious limitations. If machines become truly intelligent or sentient, an ethicist at Victoria University Wellington named Nicholas Agar is sharing a dire warning: future machines may want payback for how we treat their insentient ancestors today. "Perhaps our behaviour towards non-sentient AI today should be driven by how we would expect people to behave towards any future sentient AI that can feel, that can suffer," Agar wrote in an essay for The Conversation published on Tuesday. "How we would expect that future sentient machine to react towards us?" The idea of abused robots turning violent has pervaded science fiction from "Westworld" to "Bladerunner." In short, according to Agar's thinking, you'd better stop calling Alexa a butthead or telling Cortana to spell "icup" lest a Terminator kick down your door. "If we are going to make machines with human psychological capacities, we should prepare for the possibility that they may become sentient," Agar wrote. "How then will they react to our behaviour towards them?" The notion of mistreating robots does raise the issue of how humans treat other beings. Advocates of robot brothels, for instance, argue that people with violent tendencies may be able to act on their impulses without hurting anyone, while others worry that this may give people a taste of violence that they seek out with real people. Agar likened the situation to how animals are currently killed for their skin and meat, arguing that people have an outdated tendency to act violently toward their perceived inferiors, and that the potential future ability of robots to fight back should give us pause. "Animals cannot take revenge," he argued. "But sentient machines just might." READ MORE: Careful how you treat today’s AI: it might take revenge in the future [The Conversation] More on sentient AI: Artificial Consciousness: How To Give A Robot A Soul Share This Article 
Russian scientists have apparently reversed the flow of time in an experiment they conducted on a quantum computer. The finding is unlikely to lead to a time machine that would work on people. But the team of physicists managed to restore IBM's public quantum computer to the state it had been in just a moment earlier, according to research published Wednesday in the journal Nature Scientific Reports — a nuanced result, but one that could have striking implications for the future of computing, quantum physics, and our understanding of time itself. "We have artificially created a state that evolves in a direction opposite to that of the thermodynamic arrow of time," Gordey Lesovik, a quantum physicist from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology who led the research project, said in a university-published press release. Lesovik's team worked with scientists at the Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois to run thousands of experiments on a quantum system programmed to reverse time's arrow on a single electron. After thousands of trials, the physicists managed to restore the quantum computer's earlier state about 85 percent of the time, but only if they were working with a simplified, two-qubit system. A more complex quantum computer with three qubits was too chaotic, and the time reversal experiment only worked 49 percent of the time. Just like research into quantum teleportation has nothing to do with transporting people, there's no reason to link this study to the notion of a machine that could travel through time. Rather, the scientists hope that their work can help quantum computer scientists make sure their software is actually doing what it's supposed to by kicking it back through time and double checking its work. READ MORE: Physicists reverse time using quantum computer [Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology newsroom via EurekAlert] More on quantum computers: Scientists Are Building a Quantum Computer That “Acts Like a Brain” Share This Article 
Boeing has a lot of questions to answer. Its 737 Max passenger jetliner was supposed to provide more comfort for passengers and better fuel efficiency. But the plane's reputation has been tarnished by two recent crashes that have captured international attention: October's Flight 61, operated by Indonesian airline Lion Air and which killed 189, and a second crash only four months later of Ethiopian Airlines flight 302 which killed more than 150. Now more bad news is coming out for the aerospace giant: pilots have reportedly been complaining about the jet's automatic flight features since before the latest crash. "The fact that this airplane requires such jury rigging to fly is a red flag," said an unnamed pilot in a November statement to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in the aftermath of the October crash, as quoted by Politico. The pilot had reportedly experienced the aircraft pitching its nose down within seconds of turning on the feature back in November. The 737 Max 8's futuristic Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation System (MCAS) automatically adjusts the pitch downwards to reduce the risk of stalling the engine. It turns itself off automatically when the angle of attack — essentially the horizontal angle of the plane — is sufficiently lowered. Or at least, that's how it's supposed to work. "Now we know the systems employed are error prone — even if the pilots aren't sure what those systems are, what redundancies are in place, and failure modes," the pilot said in the FAA statement. "I am left to wonder: what else don't I know? The Flight Manual is inadequate and almost criminally insufficient." Despite the flagged issues, the exact link between the MCAS anti-stall system and the two deadly crashes has not been confirmed by authorities. A preliminary report by Indonesian investigators found that the 737 Max 8 plane was "not airworthy" weeks after the deadly crash. The investigation also found that the plane's nose dove down repeatedly, even when it wasn't stalling. Boeing was clear in its response to the report: "As our customers and their passengers continue to fly the 737 Max to hundreds of destinations around the world every day, they have our assurance that the 737 Max is as safe as any airplane that has ever flown in the skies." The FAA has yet to follow a large number of countries in banning the use of Boeing's 737 Max altogether. Its reasoning: it's too early. "Thus far, our review shows no systemic performance issues and provides no basis to order grounding the aircraft," reads a statement from yesterday. READ MORE: From the flight manual to automation, why pilots have complained about Boeing's 737 MAX 8 [USA Today] More on Boeing's 737 Max plane: Boeing Promises Software Update for Plane That Crashed Share This Article 
According to a new internal review, the U.S. Navy is being overwhelmed by a wave of hacks and cyberattacks. The problem is so bad — and the Navy's cybersecurity so inadequate— that the Navy doesn't even know how much sensitive information has been stolen, according to The Wall Street Journal, which reviewed the 57-page internal report. "We are under siege," a senior Navy told the WSJ. "People think it’s much like a deathly virus — if we don’t do anything, we could die." According to the report, the Navy's lax digital security has jeopardized America's position as the world's military leader. The leaks of classified intel, which reportedly included plans for anti-aircraft missiles that could take down supersonic ships, have senior Navy officials justifiably concerned. The report says that China has "derived an incalculable near- and long-term military advantage from [the hacks], thereby altering the calculus of global power," according to the WSJ, which reviewed a copy of the report. Hackers have also been targeting the Navy's corporate and academic partners that may have looser security than the military. "In the era of great power competition, it should come as no surprise that Chinese hackers are targeting academic institutions ripe with valuable information about U.S. military capabilities,"  wrote U.S. Senator Edward Markey in a letter about the hacks. READ MORE: Navy, Industry Partners Are ‘Under Cyber Siege’ by Chinese Hackers, Review Asserts [The Wall Street Journal] More on cybersecurity: Bizarre Malware Is Disabling Safety Systems at Industrial Plants Share This Article 
The Russian Federal Security Service just ordered internet providers to block several internet addresses, including servers for the encrypted email service ProtonMail and some of the connections necessary to run the censorship-dodging browser Tor. The internet service providers complied, and while Russian ProtonMail users can currently access their inbox, they can neither send nor receive messages through the service, according to TechCrunch — a worrisome escalation of the Russian government's war on privacy. Citing national security after several fake bomb threats were emailed to Russian police earlier this year, the Russian government is using what's called BGP blackhole filtering, a technique that keeps people from reaching their destinations while surfing the web by dropping their connections when they try to reach a blocked site. While ProtonMail says it's developing a workaround, the move marks another major blow against Russians' ability to preserve their digital privacy and avoid government censorship. ProtonMail's CEO, Andy Yen, told TechCrunch that the way Russia blocked the service was "particularly sneaky," as the front-end servers are still accessible but the back-end delivery system is blocked. So people can still visit the site, but no messages can get in or out. "We have also implemented technical measures to ensure continued service for our users in Russia and we have been making good progress in this regard," Yen told TechCrunch. "If there is indeed a legitimate legal complaint, we encourage the Russian government to reconsider their position and solve problems by following established international law and legal procedures." READ MORE: Russia blocks encrypted email provider ProtonMail [TechCrunch] More on Russian censorship: Google Is Censoring Search Results to Hide Russian Corruption Share This Article 
A new quantum physics experiment just lent evidence to a mind-boggling idea that was previously limited to the realm of theory, according to the MIT Technology Review — that under the right conditions, two people can observe the same event, see two different things happen, and both be correct. According to research shared to the preprint server arXiv on Tuesday, physicists from Heriot-Watt University demonstrated for the first time how two people can experience different realities by recreating a classic quantum physics thought experiment. The experiment involves two people observing a single photon, the smallest quantifiable unit of light that can act as either a particle or a wave under different conditions. The photon can exist in one of two alignments, but until the moment someone actually measures it to determine which, the photon is said to exist in a superposition — both conditions are true at the same time. In the thought experiment, a scientist quietly analyzes the photon and determines its alignment. Another scientist, unaware of the first's measurement, is able to confirm that the photon — and thus the first scientist's measurement — still exists in a quantum superposition of all possible outcomes. As a result, each scientist experienced a different reality. Both are technically true, even though they disagree with each other. Bringing this idea from thought experiment to reality involved an experimental setup with lasers, beam splitters, and a series of six photons that were measured by various pieces of equipment that stood in for the two scientists. Other researchers previously devised the experimental setup, according to MIT Tech, but this is the first time that anyone managed to pull the experiment off. Though the research has yet to be vetted and published by an academic journal, its findings lend real evidence to the sort of brain-melting ideas that wow physics undergrads — when it comes to the realm of quantum physics, there may be no such thing as a shared objective reality. READ MORE: A quantum experiment suggests there’s no such thing as objective reality [MIT Technology Review] More on quantum physics: Researchers Tune in to Smallest Radio Frequency in Quantum Mechanics Share This Article 
A team of scientists and designers recently teamed up to create a tool that would show Australians what the climate is expected to be like in their cities in the year 2050 — and it led to a startling discovery. "In 30 years' time, winter as we know it will be non-existent," researcher Geoff Hinchliffe said in a press release — revealing yet another way climate change is poised to dramatically alter life on Earth. The team, comprising designers from the Australian National University's (ANU) School of Art and Design and the ANU Climate Change Institute, relied on data from the Bureau of Meteorology and Scientific Information for Land Owners for their project. Once it had compiled the data, the ANU team sought a way to present it that would most resonate with the public. "That meant using colour, shape, and size around a dial composition showing a whole year's worth of temperature values in a single snapshot," Hinchliffe said. "It makes it visually rich and interesting and gives a lot of detail in a way that connects emotionally with people by locating it in their own town." While creating the tool, the team noticed that the projections didn't follow the pattern of our current four seasons. "We looked at the historical average temperatures of each season and compared them to the projected data," Hinchliffe explained, "and what we find everywhere is that there's really no period of a sustained or lasting winter." Instead of winter, the researchers believe Australians will experience spring, autumn, and a longer season they're calling "new summer." During this new season, temperatures will consistently peak above 40 degrees Celsius (104 degrees Fahrenheit) for sustained periods of time, based on predictions. This isn't the only initiative with the goal of presenting climate predictions to the public in an impactful way. In February, a team of U.S. researchers unveiled a similar web application that compares the climate of U.S. cities in 2080 to the climate of other cities today. For example, it notes that the climate of Washington, D.C. in 2080 will likely resemble that of northern Mississippi today. By presenting climate predictions in ways that members of the public can directly relate to, these scientists might be able to make the impact of climate change seem more urgent — which could only serve to help us address the problem before we experience our last winter. READ MORE: ANU climate tool identifies end of winter by 2050 [Australian National University] More on climate change: Terrifying App Shows How Climate Change Will Transform 540 Cities Share This Article 
The countless pictures of people that are used to train facial recognition artificial intelligence systems are often used without consent. Most notably, IBM downloaded and used almost 1 million pictures from public Flickr accounts without notifying the pictures' photographers or subjects, according to NBC News. "This is the dirty little secret of AI training sets," NYU law professor Jason Schultz told NBC. "Researchers often just grab whatever images are available in the wild." When IBM announced that it had created its new dataset, in which each of the pictures was annotated with people's measurements and descriptions, the company framed it as a way to make facial recognition systems fairer. That's because before training AI on user-generated images became common, many algorithms only learned from limited datasets like celebrity images taken off of the web. But the reality isn't that rosy. Particularly concerning is how images of people's faces are being used without their knowledge or consent to train algorithms that then may be used to surveil and monitor them. For example, The Intercept reported that IBM sold the NYPD surveillance systems that let cops scan CCTV footage and filter by people's race. "People gave their consent to sharing their photos in a different internet ecosystem," Meredith Whittaker, co-director of the AI Now Institute, told NBC. "Now they are being unwillingly or unknowingly cast in the training of systems that could potentially be used in oppressive ways against their communities." IBM claims it will accept people's requests to take certain images down, but the company doesn't make it easy. It only sends the dataset to academic and corporate research teams, so there's no way that someone would even know their picture had been used, according to NBC. NBC reports that IBM made one photographer jump through hoops to get his photos removed, and only deleted four of over 1,000 of his photos that were included in the set. "This is the type of mass collection and use of biometric data that can be easily abused," class-action lawyer Jay Edelson told NBC, "and appears to be taking place without the knowledge of those in the photos." READ MORE: Facial recognition's 'dirty little secret': Millions of online photos scraped without consent [NBC News] More on facial recognition: Cops Are Using Amazon’s Facial Recognition Software Wrong Share This Article 
A new website can write your résumé for you in just ten seconds — as long as you don't mind sending employers a document of totally-made-up information and just a touch of gibberish. The site, called "This résumé does not exist," uses a neural network-based artificial intelligence system trained on information scraped from public job boards to create brand new résumés for made-up job applicants. There's just one catch: the people on the résumés may not be so made-up after all. Neural networks trained on real-world examples churn out results that are as close as possible to those original examples. In this case, it seems like the algorithm found a shortcut. Futurism reviewed at least five résumés generated by the website, each of which provided an email address for their fictional subject that turned out to be registered in real life. Futurism also found that the résumés provided the links to real Facebook and Instagram accounts, suggesting that the résumés generator might be simply reproducing real people's names and contact information. By press time, none of those people have responded to Futurism's request for a comment, so the résumé with an active Facebook link has been excluded from this article. The headshots provided on some résumés, however, are randomized and generated by a similar website that uses AI to generate fake photos, according to an FAQ section on the résumé site. Aside from reproducing contact information, the AI-generated résumés don't always paint applicants in the best light. The job descriptions highlight AI's ongoing struggle to recognize context and the actual meaning of words. For example, a résumé for a fictional person named Darren Charles boasts that "…I am activities and learn new things and I do noticity." Another résumé's summary reads "I am a passionate software developer who loves to preparo many talent" and says that the person spends over a quarter of their time "getting too little sleep." If this algorithm's HR skills are any indication, it looks like the job search and hiring process will still need a human touch. More on AI-generated media: This Site Uses Deep Learning to Generate Fake Airbnb Listings Share This Article 
Japan's Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) is officially partnering with Japanese automotive giant Toyota to build a six-wheeled, self-driving vehicle to explore the surface of the Moon. Japan is hoping to launch the vehicle to the Moon as soon as 2029. https://youtu.be/1kd2nFHAAtU Since there's no atmosphere, a ton of radiation, and harsh temperature conditions, JAXA argues that a space mobility vehicle is necessary. The rover will be able to carry two passengers — or four in an emergency — for more than 6,200 miles (10,000 km) across the lunar surface. The vehicle concept is about twice as wide and twice as tall as a 2019 Toyota 4Runner SUV. Power will come from an array of replaceable fuel cells which will be charged over time using foldable solar panels. "Fuel cells, which use clean power-generation methods, emit only water, and, because of their high energy density, they can provide a lot of energy, making them especially suited for the project being discussed with JAXA," said Toyota Executive Vice President Shigeki Terashi in a press release.   Today's announcement is only a first step in an very ambitious project. The plan is first to "accelerate their ongoing joint study of a manned, pressurized rover that employs fuel cell electric vehicle technologies," according to a press release. The vehicle has been in the works, conceptually, since May 2018. Eventually, Japan is ready to send its Toyota rover to the Moon within the next decade. "Manned, pressurized rovers will be an important element supporting human lunar exploration, which we envision will take place in the 2030s," said JAXA Vice President Koichi Wakata. "We aim at launching such a rover into space in 2029." READ MORE: Japan Wants to Put a Toyota on the Moon [Bloomberg] More on Moon rovers: The Chinese Moon Rover Could Be Scouting for Interplanetary Fuel Share This Article 
If we want to prevent the worst effects of global climate change, we probably need to stop burning fossil fuels. But in the meantime, many look to technological solutions like geoengineering to lighten the load on the Earth. These plans, like flooding the atmosphere with a material that would reduce the amount of sunlight that reaches the planet, often come with side effects like changes to rainfall patterns and hurricane formation. But according to heartening new research, a moderate amount of goengineering — just barely nudging the sun's dimmer switch — could help lessen climate change-related catastrophe with minimal side effects. That's according to a paper published Monday in the journal Nature Climate Change. In the study, a team of Harvard, MIT, and Princeton scientists used sophisticated climate models to simulate a polluted hellscape version of Earth in which the concentration of atmospheric carbon dioxide is twice what it is today. Then they dimmed the simulated sun to eliminate half the global warming that the added greenhouse gases had caused. It's not the most relevant model for today's world since we're more likely to gradually add more carbon to the atmosphere than immediately double it, but the study's findings lend evidence to the idea that geoengineering may be able to help us survive. More drastic geoengineering models that aim to counter the entirety of global warming predict that dimming sunlight could have catastrophic side effects, like causing droughts in parts of Africa or worsening storms, according to Earther's analysis. But because this study took a gentler approach, the scientists saw only a minuscule increase in side effects of the sort. Again, the only cure for climate change is probably to decarbonize the global industry. While we work on that, though, it seems like a pinch of geoengineering efforts might help a little bit too. READ MORE: Scientists: Maybe If We Only Dim the Sun a Little It Won’t Backfire Horribly [Earther] More on geoengineering: Harvard Scientists to Release Sun-Dimming Sky Chemical in 2019 Share This Article 
Since 1996, NASA has successfully sent four robotically controlled rovers to Mars. And now, the agency wants to launch its first sample return mission— as soon as 2026. "We will continue planning and developing the first round-trip mission to the Red Planet with Mars Sample Return," NASA chief Jim Bridenstine said in an official statement. U.S. President Donald Trump revealed NASA's budget requests today for next year, accounting for $21 billion total. The request for the sample return mission to Mars was listed under "Moon to Mars" in the request, as Space.com reports — a section that highlighted the agency's needs for making human space exploration a reality. Details are still sparse. The sample return mission would follow the deployment of the Mars 2020 rover mission next year, and NASA suggested the return mission could happen as early as 2026 in an official document. "This time, when we go to the Moon, we will stay," said Bridenstine in the statement. "We will use what we learn as we move forward to the Moon to take the next giant leap – sending astronauts to Mars." But 2026 is a very aggressive timeline: there's still a ton of work to be done. "I think the earliest possible date that we could hope for sample return is 2029. I think that is tough," Michael Meyer, lead scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program, said during a Feb. 15 meeting, as quoted by Space.com. "I think the real answer may be 2031, and a lot of that depends on when we can get started." The real focus of the budget request seems to be the Moon, with lunar exploration accounting for more than $500 million. The budget also includes new lunar lander initiatives that could deliver cargo and eventually passengers to the  Moon, and mentions plans for a Lunar Gateway that could act as a stepping stone to far more distant destinations. Also important to note: none of these numbers are set in stone. Congress has yet to approve NASA's budget request. READ MORE: NASA Is Finally Funding a Mars Sample Return Mission, But Details Are Slim [Space.com] More on Mars landers: NASA's InSight Mars Rover Runs Into Trouble Digging a Hole Share This Article 
We already knew China kept a close eye on its population, monitoring everything from their spending habits to their social interactions. Now we know someone in the nation is also tracking which female citizens are "breedready," a term apparently used to signal that a woman is likely able to have children — and the disturbing data is not being protected the way it should be. Victor Gevers is an internet expert for the GDI Foundation, a non-profit focused on defending internet freedom. On Saturday, he tweeted a series of screenshots of a creepy list he discovered while looking at open Chinese databases. The list includes personal details of more than 1.8 million Chinese women, including each woman's address, phone number, birthday, level of education, and marital status. It also includes a "breedready" category, which some speculate speculated is meant to signify whether a woman is likely to be able to have children (signified by a "1") or not (signified by a "0"). The youngest woman in the database is just 15 years old, according to Gevers, while the oldest is 95. The youngest woman with a "breedready" score of "1" is 18 years old and the oldest is 39. The average age of the "breedready" women is 32 years old, and all are either single, divorced, or widowed. Needless to say, the discovery is alarming on many levels. That someone is categorizing women by their potential to bear children in the first place is troubling on its own. Then there's the fact that no one seems to know who created the database. Some posit that it might belong to a dating app or some other type of company, but China's leaders were recently warned by experts that the nation is on the brink of a "precipitous" population decline that could destroy its economy. Perhaps the government created the database as part of some effort to address that population problem — users of the Chinese discussion forum Douban even titled a thread about the discovery “Is this the prologue to The Handmaid’s Tale?," a reference to the dystopian sci-fi novel in which fertile women are forced by the government to bear children to address a global fertility problem. As if that's not all troubling enough, there's the disturbing fact that this information wasn't even protected. Anyone could access the database at the time of its discovery by Gevers, though he did tweet on Monday that the database was no longer reachable. Still, it's impossible to know who might have accessed this private information about 1.8 million women before the database was secured — or what the people who created it in the first place plan to do with the information. READ MORE: China database lists 'breedready' status of 1.8 million women [The Guardian] More on Chinese population: China Is Facing a “Precipitous” Population Decline Share This Article 
In the future, Toyota vehicles may pack a nasty surprise to deter any would-be carjackers. Over the summer, Toyota filed a patent for a personalized fragrance dispenser system. Published online last week, the patent is fairly straightforward: when the car recognizes someone as an authorized user, it can spray their favorite scent. And if the car gets broken into, it can give the driver a spritz of tear gas. Some cars already have fragrance dispensers, but Toyota's patent describes the first attempt to personalize — or weaponize — them, according to CNET. Toyota's new patent describes a system that can detect when someone is walking up to them and spray their favorite scent in advance, deodorizing the car after they leave. While Apple recently patented facial recognition technology that would let cars recognize people and automatically unlock as they approach, Toyota's patent relies on signals sent from a paired smartphone. Should Toyota choose to implement this patent into any future vehicles, it's likely that we'll see the upgraded fragrance system without tear gas first. Personalized aromas sound like a pleasant way to take the pain out of a rough commute. But loading a literal canister of tear gas into the ventilation system of the cars that we use to transport our friends, children, and ourselves is a real tough sell. READ MORE: Your next Toyota might have a fragrance dispenser loaded with tear gas [CNET] More on personalized vehicles: In The Future, Your Car Will Read Your Biology to Make Decisions for You Share This Article 
George Hotz, a self-driving car developer and famous hacker, is the latest tech celebrity to suggest that our universe may be a simulation built by some society more advanced than our own. "There's no evidence this is not true," Hotz announced during his talk at the Austin tech conference SXSW, according to The Verge. "It's easy to imagine things that are so much smarter than you and they could build a cage you wouldn't even recognize." Simulation Theory has several high-profile advocates, including Elon Musk, who basically argue that we all exist in some sort of mega-advanced game of The Sims. To be fair, Hotz's logic could be used to justify the existence of anything from Santa Claus to luminiferous aether, an invisible substance that scientists used to believe blanketed the Earth — but which turned out not to exist. Sure, the absence of evidence of a simulation is not the same as evidence that such a simulation doesn't exist, but it also can't serve as evidence that it does. But a logical fallacy or two isn't going to stop Hotz, who mused about the prospect of forming a religion dedicated to setting people free from the simulation. Never mind the question of how we, supposedly simulated beings, would continue to exist outside of that simulation. "With companies, you only really lose," said Hotz of his decision to start a religion. "I think churches might be much more aligned toward these goals, and the goal of the church would be realigning society’s efforts toward getting out [of the simulation]." READ MORE: Comma.ai founder George Hotz wants to free humanity from the AI simulation [The Verge] More on simulation theory: Philosopher Hadn’t Seen “The Matrix” Before Publishing Simulation Hypothesis Share This Article 
In 2003, Nick Bostrom blew minds with "Are You Living in a Computer Simulation?," a hugely influential philosophy paper positing that — you guessed it — our reality could actually be a computer simulation. If you've seen "The Matrix," that theory might sound familiar — in the film, a hacker joins a rebellion against artificially intelligent machines that have trapped humanity in a simulated reality ("the Matrix") so they won't freak out while the AIs harvest their bodies for energy. But according to a newly published Vulture interview, Bostrom hadn't actually seen the 1999 blockbuster when he drafted his paper. A glitch in the Matrix, perhaps? Not likely, according to Bostrom. He believes his penning of the simulation argument was the logical result of two things: his interest in observation selection theory, which was the subject of his doctoral dissertation, and his fascination with the potential impact of advancing technology on the future. "So, when you have those two pieces of background," he told Vulture, "then the simulation argument is really only one step away from there." On the surface, Bostrom's simulation argument isn't quite as wild as the dystopian future depicted in "The Matrix."  It doesn't include oracles, kung fu, or bullet time — just the suggestion that at least one of three statements about the future must be true: Humanity will very likely go extinct before reaching a "posthuman" stage.We'll reach this "posthuman" stage, according to Bostrom, when we unlock nearly every technological capability possible given the physical limitations of our universe. This would include the technology needed to run convincing simulations of reality, the kind that had Neo believing he was a computer programmer named Thomas Anderson. Humanity will reach the "posthuman" stage, but "is extremely unlikely" to run a significant number of simulations of its history.If this one turns out to be true, hopefully it's because we're too busy doing something cool like forming galactic alliances or opening the world's eighth Jurassic Park. We are "almost certainly" living in a computer simulation of a "posthuman" civilization's history right now.This one has math on its side. After all, if humanity has already reached a "posthuman" stage and did decide to run simulations, there should be a ton of those simulated realities and just one "real" reality — making it far more likely we're living in one of the fakes. If our reality is, well, real, it seems we still have a ways to go before we reach the "posthuman" stage (if we reach it — see Statement #1). But that hasn't stopped everyone from Neil deGrasse Tyson to Elon Musk from mulling over Bostrom's theory. Some tech billionaires are even reportedly paying scientists to try to break us free of the simulation on the off-chance that we are already in it — and Bostrom thinks those folks need to slow their roll. "It’s kind of unwise to try to break out of the hypothetical simulation," he told Vulture. "The chances of success are negligible. If it doesn’t work, it’s a waste of money, and if it does, it might be a calamity. It at least seems like the kind of thing that you would first want to think about for a while, whether it would be prudent to try to do that before embarking on it." Hear that, Silicon Valley? The Matrix isn't going anywhere, so maybe take a beat before you try to force-feed humanity the red pill. READ MORE: Philosopher Nick Bostrom on Whether We Live in a Simulation [Vulture] More on the simulation theory: Are We Living in a Computer Simulation? Elon Musk Thinks So. Share This Article 
We're surrounded by algorithms in almost everything we do, from browsing the web to making financial decisions. But do we, as humans, still have a say in the way those algorithms shape our reality? Maybe not, according to new research. "Our exploration led us to the conclusion that, over time, the roles of information technology and humans have been reversed," professor at the Center for Systems Studies at Hull University in Yorkshire England Dionysios Demetis wrote in an essay for The Conversation. "In the past, we humans used technology as a tool. Now, technology has advanced to the point where it is using and even controlling us." In the essay, Demetis builds on a paper he published last year with Allen Lee, professor at Virginia Commonwealth University, in the Journal of the Association for Information Systems. Rather than having algorithms and machines make decisions that don't affect us in any way, Dementis argues that we are in fact "deeply affected by them in unpredictable ways." And humans made it that way: "we have progressively restricted our own decision-making capacity and allowed algorithms to take over." As evidence, Demetis points to examples from lawyers being replaced by artificial intelligence, recruiters over-relying on third-party tools to weed out bad candidates, and the fact that a sizable majority of trading in foreign exchange markets is determined not by humans but by algorithms that call the shots within tiny fractions of a second. That over-reliance on algorithms, according to Demetis, can also result in market crashes — not caused by a "bug in the programming" but learned behavior that "emerged from the interaction of millions of algorithmic decisions playing off each other in unpredictable ways." In fact, humans are an impediment. "The people running the trading system had come to see human decisions as an obstacle to market efficiency," Demetis wrote. Ultimately, the choice to surrender decision making to machines could set us up for a grim future. Worst case scenario: "technological domination," according to Demetis. But it's not too late — yet. "We need to decide, while we still can, what this means for us both as individuals and as a society." READ MORE: Algorithms have already taken over human decision making [The Conversation] More on algorithms: Tech That Can “Detect Emotion” Could Keep You From Getting a Job Share This Article 
Note: This article includes discussion of mental health and suicide. Amazon's warehouses are notorious for their poor working conditions. "The atmosphere is what I imagine a prison feels like," investigative journalist James Bloodworth told Business Insider after working undercover in an Amazon warehouse last year. "You felt like you were walking on eggshells." Now, an investigation published by The Daily Beast on Monday suggests that Amazon's arduous working conditions have driven numerous employees to the brink of suicide — and there's little to indicate those conditions are getting any better. The Daily Beast report uncovered 189 calls to 911 between October 2013 and October 2018 from 46 Amazon warehouses. Each call was to request emergency services' help with an employee's mental-health episode, including suicide attempts and suicidal thoughts. The outlet published the disturbing details of several incidents — including Amazon employees threatening to stab themselves, drive their cars off cliffs, or throw themselves from third-story windows — and while not every episode could be directly attributed to Amazon's working conditions, several employees and former employees The Daily Beast spoke to made that connection. "It’s this isolating colony of hell where people having breakdowns is a regular occurrence," former employee Jace Crouch said, noting that it's "mentally taxing to do the same task super fast for 10-hour shifts, four or five days a week." An Amazon spokesperson shared a statement with Business Insider in response to The Daily Beast's investigation: The physical and mental well-being of our associates is our top priority, and we are proud of both our efforts and overall success in this area. We provide comprehensive medical care starting on day one so employees have access to the care when they need it most, 24-hour a day free and confidential counseling services, and various leave and medical accommodation options covering both mental and physical health concerns. The situation for Amazon warehouse employees doesn't appear to be improving. Just last month, Business Insider published an investigation featuring interviews with more than 30 Amazon employees and former employees about their experience during the 2018 holiday season. "Through the interviews, a picture emerged of grueling long hours, physical labor, fears about taking time off, workplace injuries, and the pressure to keep the wheels turning, even when the weather is treacherous," wrote journalists Isobel Asher Hamilton and Áine Cain. Amazon did recently increase employees' base pay to $15 per hour, but it doesn't appear poised to make any sweeping changes that would improve working conditions. Employees might be able to force Amazon's hand if they could unionize, but right now, that's not looking likely — meaning we could see more Amazon employees pushed to the brink of mental collapse in the future. If you or a loved one are facing depression, mental health services are available to help. Contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline here or at 800-273-8255. READ MORE: 'Colony of Hell': 911 Calls From Inside Amazon Warehouses [The Daily Beast] More on Amazon: 4 Reasons Why Amazon Workers Might Have Gotten a Raise Share This Article 
Conventional wisdom in physics dictates that sound waves are massless fluctuations in pressure that travel through materials like air, water, and eardrums — and can't travel through empty space. That's why the recent discovery that sound waves actually do carry a trace amount of mass is so shocking — it's been right under scientists' noses for centuries. Even more surprising, according to Scientific American's reporting on the finding, is that sonic waves seem to carry negative mass: they appear to slowly drift upwards rather than falling down to Earth. New research, recently published in the journal Physical Review Letters, found that sound waves carry trace amounts of mass in the form of tiny, particle-like "phonons". Previous research by one of the same scientists first found this negative gravity phenomenon, but only when the sound was traveling through specific materials called superfluids, through which waves can flow with zero resistance. But in this new study, physicists calculated that sound waves can also carry mass through more conventional liquids, as well as solids and gases. If this research holds up to further scrutiny, it could mean that physicists were wrong about something thought to be so simple that it's taught in middle school science classes. But replicating this new finding could prove difficult — Scientific American reports that modern technology isn't sensitive enough to measure the minuscule amounts of mass that a sonic wave can carry. As a result, the scientists aren’t sure themselves how the mass of the phonons flows along with the wave. READ MORE: Sound by the Pound: Surprising Discovery Hints Sonic Waves Carry Mass [Scientific American] More on sound: MIT Used a Laser to Transmit Audio Directly Into a Person's Ear Share This Article 
Last month, developers from OpenAI announced that they had built a text generating algorithm called GPT-2 that they said was too dangerous to release into the world, since it could be used to pollute the web with endless bot-written material. But now, a team of scientists from the MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab and Harvard University built an algorithm called GLTR that determines how likely it is that any particular passage of text was written by a tool like GPT-2 — an intriguing escalation in the battle against spam. When OpenAI unveiled GPT-2, they showed how it could be used to write fictitious-yet-convincing news articles by sharing one that the algorithm had written about scientists who discovered unicorns. GLTR uses the exact same models to read the final output and predict whether it was written by a human or GPT-2. Just like GPT-2 writes sentences by predicting which words ought to follow each other, GLTR determines whether a sentence uses the word that the fake news-writing bot would have selected. "We make the assumption that computer generated text fools humans by sticking to the most likely words at each position, a trick that fools humans," the scientists behind GLTR wrote in their blog post. "In contrast, natural writing actually more frequently selects unpredictable words that make sense to the domain. That means that we can detect whether a text actually looks too likely to be from a human writer!" The IBM, MIT, and Harvard scientists behind the project built a website that lets people test GLTR for themselves. The tool highlights words in different colors based on how likely they are to have been written by an algorithm like GPT-2 — green means the sentence matches GPT-2, and shades of yellow, red, and especially purple indicate that a human probably wrote them. I decided to test the system on a sentence from my article about GPT-2, and it looks like my use of acronyms and hyphens gave away my humanity. However, AI researcher Janelle Shane found that GLTR doesn't fare as well against text-generated algorithms other than OpenAI's GPT-2. Testing it on her own text generator, Shane found that GLTR incorrectly determined that the resulting text was so unpredictable that a human had to have written it, suggesting that we'll need more than just this one tool in the ongoing fight against misinformation and fake news. READ MORE: It takes a bot to know one? [AI Weirdness] More on fake news: EU: Facebook, Google, Twitter Failed to Fight Fake News Share This Article 
In late February, Tesla announced its intentions to shift to online-only sales via a blog post, which outlined a plan to close all but a small number of Tesla stores that would serve as "galleries, showcases and Tesla information centers." Closing those stores would allow Tesla to cut the cost of its vehicles by an average 6 percent, it claimed, meaning it could finally sell the $35,000 Model 3 it had been promising for years. But just 10 days later, it seems the Elon Musk-led automaker has changed its mind about those plans — and no one is exactly sure why. On Sunday, Tesla published a new blog post announcing that, upon further evaluation, it has decided to "keep significantly more stores open than previously announced" — and because it will now close only about half as many stores, the cost savings on its cars will be cut in half, from 6 percent to just 3 percent. While the price of the $35,000 Model 3 won't increase, the more expensive version of that model will cost more, as will all versions of the Model X and Model S. According to Tesla, the lower prices are valid until March 18, giving interested buyers about a week to take advantage of the cheaper vehicles, but they will still need to make any purchases online — that part of Tesla's plan hasn't changed. No word on what Tesla found during the reevaluation of its physical locations that made it decide to keep so many Tesla stores open, and the company has yet to respond to our request for comment. The dramatic price decreases did elicit backlash from some Tesla owners overseas, who held protests at physical locations and decried the move online. One Tesla employee even said the dealership where they worked "feels like a morgue." Perhaps Tesla is now trying to find a way to keep current owners happy while drawing in new customers — though its approach leaves a lot to be desired, according to RBC Capital Markets analyst Joe Spak. "The seemingly spontaneous yet dramatically altering strategic decisions doesn’t lend a lot of confidence," Spak wrote Monday in a note, as reported by the Los Angeles Times. "It makes it seem like Tesla is making decisions on the fly and reacting to very short-term factors." READ MORE: Tesla plans to raise prices and backpedals on closing most stores [The Los Angeles Times] More on Tesla: Tesla Owners Are Enraged That the Company Cut Its Prices Share This Article 
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said that job automation doesn't have to be the job-displacing scourge that many think it is during an appearance at the Austin tech conference SXSW. If people can pursue their passions and interests while robots handle the work, Ocasio-Cortez believes that we can all spend "more time enjoying the world we live in," according to Fast Company. "Not all creativity needs to be bonded by wage," she said. The U.S. Congresswoman argued that we should embrace a future society full of busy little workerbots — if and only if the government steps in to provide for people who find themselves out of a job. "We should not be haunted by the specter of being automated out of work," Ocasio-Cortez said at the event. "We should not feel nervous about the tollbooth collector not having to collect tolls. We should be excited by that. But the reason we're not excited about it is because we live in a society where if you don’t have a job, you are left to die." To help provide for people, Ocasio-Cortez suggested possible solutions like taxing robot-generated income at 90 percent or distributing the wealth made by companies that automate their workforces, according to FastCo. After all, any corporation that can afford to invest in sophisticated robots and artificial intelligence can also afford to invest in people. "Whether it's a tax rate, whether it's distributing wealth that's created by automation — if we approach solutions to our systems and start entertaining ideas like that, then we should be excited about automation because of what it could potentially mean," Ocasio-Cortez said. READ MORE: Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: "We should be excited about automation" [Fast Company] More on automation: North America Put More Robots to Work in 2018 Than Ever Before Share This Article 
NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO) just spotted "moving water molecules" on the near side of the Moon — which could be a big deal for future human missions to the Moon. Scientists observed water molecules moving around as the lunar surface heated up during the Moon's day cycle. Researchers had previously assumed that the main source of water — hydrogen ions from solar wind — would be cut off when the Earth travels between the Moon and the Sun. But the new findings didn't see any decrease when the Earth cut off solar wind to the Moon, suggesting that it could harbor a more sustainable source of water than previously believed. The discovery is described in a paper published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters by researchers from the John Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory and NASA's Goddard  Space Flight Center in Maryland. The data was collected by the LRO's Lyman Alpha Mapping Project (LAMP), an ultraviolet spectrograph that was built to map ultralight wavelength reflections on the lunar surface. "This is an important new result about lunar water, a hot topic as our nation's space program returns to a focus on lunar exploration," said Kurt Retherford, principal investigator of the LAMP instrument from Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas, said in a statement. "We recently converted the LAMP's light collection mode to measure reflected signals on the lunar dayside with more precision, allowing us to track more accurately where the water is and how much is present." A groundbreaking 2017 study from Brown University suggested that there may be substantial amounts of water inside lunar rocks. At the time, the discovery was a major shift from the consensus view that most water on the Moon is located near its poles. This year's results discovered by LAMP seem to underline that the lunar water cycle could make water far more accessible to us during future missions to the Moon than we previously thought — the more water already exists on the Moon, the less time and resources we have to spend in trying to get it there. READ MORE: LRO sheds light on lunar water movement [NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center] More on water on the Moon: New Study Challenges Previous Conclusions About Water on the Moon Share This Article 
Some presidential candidates fear the loss of traditional values, others the loss of freedoms, but 2020 presidential hopeful Andrew Yang's fear is automation. "New technologies – robots, software, artificial intelligence – have already destroyed more than 4 million US jobs, and in the next 5-10 years, they will eliminate millions more," reads Yang's website. Yang believes that in order to protect the economy from increased automation and thereby increased unemployment, the country should move to implement a universal basic income (UBI) policy where citizens receive a regular stipend. One of the biggest questions surrounding such a policy; how would the program be paid for? In an interview this past Friday, Yang explained how such a system might actually be cheaper to run than many people believe. Although giving every American $1,000 a month would cost approximately $3.9 trillion at the onset, Yang suggests the true cost isn't as straight forward. There are many factors involved in determining the cost of a UBI system including determining who would be a beneficiary, who would be a net contributor, and how much the state would save through a more efficient bureaucracy, according to University of Oxford wage labor researcher Elizaveta Fouksman. Some estimations place costs around $539 billion per year, less than the $988 billion spent on Social Security last year. “It gets much, much cheaper, very, very quickly, and the reason it does is that about half of Americans are already receiving government income support in some fashion,” Yang told CBS News. Yang's plan would call for every American to received $1,000 in basic income each month. Those already receiving that amount in welfare and government-sponsored programs would have the option to choose between one program or the other, thereby reducing the welfare budget. Yang's plan would also call for a value-added tax, a tax paid by the purchasers in a supply chain, not the end consumer. Yang also claims UBI would add $2.5 trillion in economic growth and 4.6 million jobs, which in turn would lead to up to $600 billion added revenue, citing statistics from the Roosevelt Institute. Whether or not UBI is the route we humans decide to take in reacting to automation, now is the time to be having such conversations. In 2018 North America put more robots to work than ever before and that trend isn't likely to change. As self-driving vehicles continue to develop they will begin to automate millions of driver jobs. “All you need is self-driving cars to destabilize society,” Yang told the New York Times. “That one innovation,” he continued, “will be enough to create riots in the street. And we’re about to do the same thing to retail workers, call center workers, fast-food workers, insurance companies, accounting firms.” READ MORE: Presidential candidate Andrew Yang explains support for universal basic income [CBS News] More on Andrew Yang: Meet the Long-Shot 2020 Presidential Candidate Who Might Make UBI a Reality Share This Article 
Who needs free will anyway, right? A new study published earlier this week in the journal Scientific Reports details a case in which researchers in Australia had participants envision one of two distinct images then, by monitoring brain activity, researchers were able to predict which image a participant would choose and how vividly they were picturing it in their mind. Fourteen study participants were each placed in an fMRI machine and shown two distinct patterns, one with red horizontal stripes and one with green vertical stripes. They were given up to 20 seconds to decide between one or the other, after which they pressed a button to indicate their choice and were told to imagine it as vividly as they could. By monitoring brain activity during the selection process, the researchers were able to see signs indicating which image a person would select in four distinct areas of the brain. Watching for these signs, researchers could predict a person's choice up to 11 seconds before the choice was made. Exploring this time between decisions made and decisions thought about could lead to new insights into how our minds work. It may be that the mere milliseconds between a thought and an action are enough for us to subdue unconscious urges in favor of more intentional action.“We believe that when we are faced with the choice between two or more options of what to think about, non-conscious traces of the thoughts are there already, a bit like unconscious hallucinations,” Lead author Joel Pearson, a cognitive neuroscience professor at the University of South Wales in Australia, said in a statement. “As the decision of what to think about is made, executive areas of the brain choose the thought-trace which is stronger. In, other words, if any pre-existing brain activity matches one of your choices, then your brain will be more likely to pick that option as it gets boosted by the pre-existing brain activity.” It's not the first time we've been able to predict someone's choice. As Quartz points out, similar studies have been able to produce similar results leading to predictions both four seconds and 10 seconds before choices are made. Further understanding our thought processes could help develop new forms of communication such as telepathy-like brain-to-brain communication or personalized movies which respond to brain wave patterns. We could even further develop technologies which allow paralyzed people to express their thoughts. The important part of such innovations is that we are intentional in making them and it may behoove us not to leave Facebook to lead the charge. We all should want to be intentional with whom we invite inside our heads. READ MORE: Neuroscientists can read brain activity to predict decisions 11 seconds before people act [Quartz] More on mind-reading: Zuckerberg: Facebook is Building a Machine to Read Your Thoughts Share This Article 
The world has grown accustomed to malware that steals your credit card information or demands bitcoin to access your files. But a new hacker tool is targeting the safety systems at industrial plants around the world, according to a fascinating investigation in the MIT Technology Review — the same safety systems, ominously, that protect nuclear power stations and water treatment facilities. "In a worst-case scenario, the rogue code could have led to the release of toxic hydrogen sulfide gas or caused explosions, putting lives at risk both at the facility and in the surrounding area," wrote MIT Tech's Martin Giles of an incident when the malware was found to have attacked a petrochemical plant in Saudi Arabia. Researchers call the malware Triton. It's apparently been spreading since 2014, but researchers didn't become aware of it until around 2017. What's most worrisome, one source told MIT Tech, was that the malware crosses a new ethical line. "Targeting safety systems just seemed to be off limits morally and really hard to do technically," Joe Slowik, a former information warfare officer in the US Navy who now works at Dragos, an industrial cybersecurity firm that's been tracking the spread of Triton, told the magazine. At a speech last year, according to MIT Tech, former U.S. director of national intelligence Dan Coats warned that chances were growing of a debilitating cyberattack on American infrastructure. "Here we are nearly two decades later, and I’m here to say the warning lights are blinking red again," said Coats at the event. "Today, the digital infrastructure that serves this country is literally under attack." READ MORE: Triton is the world’s most murderous malware, and it’s spreading [MIT Technology Review] More on malware: Cryptomining Malware Is Infecting Corporate Networks Worldwide Share This Article 
A California family is outraged that a doctor told their elderly relative that his lungs were failing that that he was going to die imminently — via a telepresence robot. "You might not make it home," the doctor at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center told the patient, according to local television channel KTVU, which broke the story. The patient, Ernest Quintana, died two days after arriving at the hospital, according to the Chicago Tribune — but the impersonal manner in which his doctor delivered the news to him and his family illustrate the strange ways that medicine is changing as technology and automation make their way into the hospital system. Quintana's granddaughter, Annalisia Wilharm, was there when the telepresence robot arrived. She was alarmed by the lack of a personal touch. "I was going to lose my grandfather," she told KTVU. "We knew that this was coming and that he was very sick. But I don't think somebody should get the news delivered that way. It should have been a human being come in." Kaiser Permanente, for its part, assumed some responsibility for the incident in a statement. But it fell short of saying more about when, and under what circumstances, its doctors use telepresence robots to provide care for patients. "Our health care staff receive extensive training in the use of telemedicine, but video technology is not used as a replacement for in-person evaluations and conversations with patients," reads the statement, which was published in full by KTVU. "This is a highly unusual circumstance. We regret falling short in meeting the patient's and family's expectations in this situation and we will use this as an opportunity to review our practices and standards with the care team." READ MORE: Doctor tells patient he doesn't have long to live through hospital robot's video screen [KTVU] More on robot medicine: Your Future Doctor May Not be Human. This Is the Rise of AI in Medicine. Share This Article 
NASA engineers have captured the first images of the interaction between shockwaves from a pair of flying supersonic aircraft — and they are stunning. "We’re seeing a level of physical detail here that I don’t think anybody has ever seen before," senior research engineer Dan Banks said in a NASA press release. "Just looking at the data for the first time, I think things worked out better than we’d imagined." "We never dreamt that it would be this clear, this beautiful," physical scientist J.T. Heineck added. https://youtu.be/NZPK3B8rQV4 When an object moves faster than the speed of sound, it causes rapid air pressure changes called shockwaves. To record the interaction between shockwaves from two craft, NASA had two T-38 jets from the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base fly at supersonic speeds, with one jet about 30 feet behind and 10 feet below the other. NASA then flew a B-200 King Air aircraft in a holding pattern at an altitude of approximately 30,000 feet. Using a special recording system, including a camera capable of recording 1,400 frames per second, the team then captured footage of the two T-38s as they passed about 2,000 feet below the B-200 at supersonic speeds. "The biggest challenge was trying to get the timing correct to make sure we could get these images," sub-project manager Heather Maliska said. "I’m absolutely happy with how the team was able to pull this off... They were rock stars." When shockwaves merge, they produce sonic booms, loud noises that are one of the reasons supersonic flight is currently restricted over land. NASA is developing a craft called the X-59 Quiet SuperSonic Technology X-plane that's designed to fly at supersonic speeds without producing any sonic booms — just a quiet rumble. However, if NASA hopes to convince regulators to change existing restrictions on supersonic flight over land — and enable travelers to get from one part of the U.S. to the other far more quickly —  they'll need to be able to produce highly detailed, statistically sound images of the upcoming X-59 demonstrations. And now, the agency knows it has an imaging system capable of producing those photos. "I am ecstatic about how these images turned out," Heineck said in the news release. "With this upgraded system, we have, by an order of magnitude, improved both the speed and quality of our imagery from previous research." READ MORE: NASA Captures First Air-to-Air Images of Supersonic Shockwave Interaction in Flight [NASA] More on the X-59: NASA Starts Tests to Prepare for Flight of “Quiet” Supersonic Jet Share This Article 
A key promise of the digital cash known as cryptocurrency is its security — because only you possess the password to access your money, it's presumably more safe than it would be at a bank. But a grisly crime in the Netherlands — in which home invaders tortured a crypto trader in an attempt to force him to give up his coins — shows that there's also a dark side to having total control over your own wealth. According to the Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf, a trio of robbers disguised as police burst into the home of an unidentified cryptocurrency trader in late February. Then, in view of the man's four-year-old daughter, they tortured the crypto trader with an electric drill — causing injuries so severe that he was hospitalized for five days, according to a follow-up story. It's not clear whether they obtained any of the crypto trader's funds before leaving, but if he did turn over his password, the criminals could have transferred the money to an anonymous account almost instantly. Dutch police were horrified by the crime, according to De Telegraaf, and dispatched 15 officers to investigate. The cops refused to comment, but police sources confirmed to the newspaper that the criminals were after the man's cryptocurrency holdings. Crypto news site CoinTelegraph pointed out that there have been other examples of violent criminals attempting to steal cryptocurrency, such as a Russian businessman who was held hostage until he surrendered his Bitcoin funds. "If you are rich and you own real estate, or stocks or a sports team, somebody can’t mug you and take your sports team away," Bitcoin engineer Jameson Lopp told The New York Times in 2018. "Having liquid crypto assets makes you much more attractive for that type of criminal attack." READ MORE: Bitcoin Trader Brutally Tortured With Drill in Cryptocurrency Robbery [The Independent] More on cryptocurrency: Did a Crypto CEO Fake His Own Death to Abscond With $190 Million? Share This Article 
Mission Demo-1 is officially complete. After successfully undocking from the International Space Station in the early morning hours and burning through Earth's atmosphere, SpaceX's passenger spacecraft slowly descended back down to Earth, before safely splashing down into the Atlantic Ocean — and right on schedule at 8:45 am EST. .@SpaceX’s #CrewDragon returned to Earth with a splash in the Atlantic Ocean off Florida’s eastern shore at 8:45am ET, completing an end-to-end flight test to the @Space_Station and back as part of our @Commercial_Crew Program. Learn more: https://t.co/MFB7dVb60c pic.twitter.com/8lFL6X3Tue — NASA (@NASA) March 8, 2019  Crew Dragon's descent was slowed thanks to four large parachutes it deployed once it re-entered Earth's atmosphere. Astronauts loaded roughly 300 pounds (136 kg) of cargo from the ISS into the spacecraft on Thursday to send back down to Earth. SpaceX successfully launched the spacecraft on Saturday. It marks the first time a passenger spacecraft launched from American soil to the ISS — and returned safely back down to Earth — since the end of NASA's Space Shuttle program in 2011. SpaceX's Crew Dragon docked itself, with no robotic arm required, to an open port of the International Space Station early Sunday morning. It then spent five days docked to the station while astronauts checked out the inside of what could one day become their ride back home. A lot could've gone wrong. The cargo Dragon variant featured a different parachute system and had a differently shaped hull. "I see hypersonic re-entry as probably my greatest concern," SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said during a post-launch press event on Saturday. In July, SpaceX is hoping to send the Crew Dragon capsule back into space — but this time with NASA astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley on board. READ MORE: More on Crew Dragon: Expert: SpaceX Just Made Russia’s Space Program “Null and Void” Share This Article 
Senator and presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren announced a bold plan on Friday to break up tech giants Amazon, Facebook, and Google. "Today's big tech companies have too much power — too much power over our economy, our society, and our democracy. They've bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, and tilted the playing field against everyone else," Warren wrote in a Medium post about the plan. "That's why my Administration will make big, structural changes to the tech sector to promote more competition — including breaking up Amazon, Facebook, and Google." In particular, Warren singled out "anti-competitive mergers," such as Amazon's ownership of Whole Foods and Zappos, Facebook's WhatsApp and Instagram, and Google's Waze, Nest, and DoubleClick. "Unwinding these mergers will promote healthy competition in the market  —  which will put pressure on big tech companies to be more responsive to user concerns, including about privacy," Warren wrote in the post. It's not unprecedented for the U.S. government to break up large enterprises. In the 1980s, it divided the American Telephone and Telegraph Company into so-called "Baby Bells" — several of which later re-merged into Verizon. Warren also alluded to how huge tech interests have upset the balance in the marketplace of ideas, noting how state actors may have used Facebook and other platforms to try to influence the U.S. presidential election in 2016. "We must help America’s content creators — from local newspapers and national magazines to comedians and musicians — keep more of the value their content generates, rather than seeing it scooped up by companies like Google and Facebook," Warren wrote on Medium. "And we must ensure that Russia — or any other foreign power — can’t use Facebook or any other form of social media to influence our elections." READ MORE: Elizabeth Warren's new plan: Break up Amazon, Google and Facebook [CNN] More on Facebook: Facebook Mods Are so Traumatized They’re Getting High at Work Share This Article 
A loophole designed to protect lives is actually endangering them. While cell phone companies typically require a court order before they'll give law enforcement officials a customer's real-time location data, they will make exceptions under "exigent circumstances" — for example, if turning over the data might prevent someone from being harmed. Now, Motherboard is reporting that phone companies are also turning over this data to people impersonating officials — another troubling example of how little tech companies are doing to protect your personal data. According to Motherboard's sources — which included Valerie McGilvrey, a skip tracer hired to find people's locations — Verizon, T-Mobile, and Sprint have all turned over real-time location data to scammers who claimed to be law enforcement officials. In some instances, the scammers were bounty hunters or debt collectors. In others, they were stalkers and domestic abusers trying to track down their victims. The stories they spin vary, but fake child kidnappings seem to be common approach. "So many people are doing that and the telcos have been very stupid about it," McGilvrey told Motherboard. "They have not done due diligence and called the police [departments] directly to verify the case or vet the identity of the person calling." This is far from the first example of tech companies inadequately protecting user data — from Facebook to Google, we constantly hear about companies experiencing data breaches, with users' personal data ending up in the hands of people who were never meant to have access to it. The issue has now gotten to the point that some legislators are suggesting bills to jail the execs of companies that don't adequately protect user data — and if there's one thing more worthy of punishment than accidentally leaking personal data, it might be willingly handing it over like these telephones companies are doing. READ MORE: Stalkers and Debt Collectors Impersonate Cops to Trick Big Telecom Into Giving Them Cell Phone Location Data [Motherboard] More on data breaches: New Bill Would Let FTC Jail Execs for Data Breaches Share This Article 
On March 18, an Uber in self-driving mode struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Arizona. Uber reached a settlement with the pedestrian's family within weeks, but there was still a lingering chance the company could face criminal charges for her death. Now, it doesn't seem like that will happen. On Tuesday, prosecutors said they found "no basis for criminal liability" for Uber — possibly setting a precedent for future litigation involving autonomous vehicles. Tempe is in Maricopa County, but because the county had an existing relationship with Uber, the Maricopa County Attorney's Office (MCAO) asked the Yavapai County Attorney's Office (YCAO) to review the case to avoid any conflict of interest. On Tuesday, the YCAO made public a letter it sent to the MCAO. "After a very thorough review of all the evidence presented," wrote the YCAO, "this Office has determined that there is no basis for criminal liability for the Uber corporation arising from this matter." Uber could still be forced to pay damages through a civil lawsuit, however, according to NPR . Uber itself might not be criminally liable for the pedestrian fatality, but Rafaela Vasquez — the Uber safety driver who police say was watching a television show on her phone around the time of the accident — might be. The YCAO recommended in its letter that the MCAO have an expert analyze video of the accident to determine "what (and when) the person sitting in the driver’s seat of the vehicle would or should have seen that night given the vehicle’s speed, lighting conditions, and other relevant factors." According to a police report obtained by Reuters in June, Vasquez could face a charge of vehicle manslaughter for her involvement in the accident. Self-driving cars are still in their technological infancy, and perfecting the tech behind them is just one hurdle to mainstream adoption — society will also need to address a host of related issues, including determining who's liable if a self-driving car is involved in an accident. Given that Uber still relies on safety drivers to prevent accidents like the one that took place last year, it's not hard to see why prosecutors might choose to press criminal charges against the driver and not the company. But one day there likely won't be a driver behind the wheel. Would Uber have been criminally liable if that had been the case? And what if a company's self-driving car relies on tech created by another company — do they share responsibility for any accidents? Right now, there are far more questions about self-driving cars than answers, so there's a chance the ultimate legal outcome of this first fatality involving an autonomous vehicle could shape how we respond to future cases when they almost inevitably crop up. READ MORE: Uber Not Criminally Liable in Fatal 2018 Arizona Self-Driving Crash: Prosecutors [Reuters] More on Uber: Uber Settles with Family of AV Crash Victim Share This Article 
Russia's space program is in trouble. SpaceX successfully launched its passenger spacecraft to the International Space Station this past weekend. And that's bad news for Russia: astronauts from all corners of the Earth have been relying on Russian Soyuz spacecraft to get to the International Space Station ever since the end of NASA's Space Shuttle program in 2011 — with Russia reaping huge benefits. "With this launch, even if it was ordered by NASA, this private company SpaceX has made Roscosmos null and void," Russian space expert Vadim Lukashevich told TV station Moscow 24, as quoted by Ars Technica. "They have shown Roscosmos who's who." Lukashevich believes that SpaceX's Crew Dragon space taxi poses a major threat to Russia's outdated Soyuz — the spacecraft's basic design hasn't changed much since its first deployment in the 1960s — and could leave an Elon Musk-sized hole in Russia's space budget. "As long as we had at least one foreign astronaut on board, we were launching for free," Lukashevich said. "For us this wasn’t just a freebie — it was a narcotic." "And now, this narcotic is going to be cut off, and we will be forced to do something," he added. Roscosmos has taken a strangely quiet and passive aggressive tone in light of SpaceX's launch, Ars' space editor Eric Berger points out. A Russian source told Sputnik — which is closely associated with the Russian government — that high levels of isopropyl alcohol were found in the air supply on board the ISS after SpaceX's Crew Dragon docked on Sunday. Which could explain a tweet from Roscosmos showing ISS crew wearing gas masks — though the space agency made no explicit mention of the air supply. 3 марта на Международную космическую станцию прибыл корабль Crew Dragon. Его встречали Олег Кононенко, Энн Макклейн и Давид Сан-Жак.  Экипаж впервые в истории станции работал в противогазах ИПК российского производства — https://t.co/qZvFiMD91U pic.twitter.com/ZvrP2ni2oc — РОСКОСМОС (@roscosmos) March 4, 2019  A number of Soyuz flights are still scheduled for this and next year. But SpaceX might be able to upset that streak  — a crewed test flight is slated for July. And that's not to mention that Russia's Soyuz might soon have two competitors instead of one: Boeing is already preparing a test flight of its Starliner spacecraft. READ MORE: Russia’s passive-aggressive reaction to SpaceX may mask a deeper truth [Ars Technica] More on SpaceX's Crew Dragon: Watch SpaceX’s Crew Dragon Dock Autonomously With the ISS Share This Article 
According to CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook aims to access information about its users not just through their smartphones and computers, but directly from their brains as well. In a recent interview at Harvard University with Harvard law school professor Jonathan Zittrain, Zuckerberg bragged about technology the social giant is working on that could one day allow users to navigate menus or even type using their minds alone, Wired reports. When Zittrain challenged Zuckerberg on the invasiveness and ethical implications of a Facebook mind-reading machine, the Silicon Valley CEO had a simple answer: "presumably, this would be something that someone would choose to use as a product." The concept is relatively simple: smart objects can communicate with each other, but your brain is closed off from them. The solution, according to Zuckerberg, is a "shower-cap-looking device" that will read the signals in your brain and use them to unlock the data streams of your thoughts. Facebook has been testing such a "brain-computer interface" for a number of years. At its F8 developer's conference in 2017, the company showed off what Facebook's VP of Building Regina Dugan referred to as a "brain mouse" — a non-invasive brain interface that could one day allow users to control AR applications. Zuckerberg's enthusiasm about that work is ironic, because the company has lost a lot of trust among its users after years of bad press and repeated reports of privacy violations. Millions of Americans have left the social network in 2018. Facebook's future plans for a brain computer interface seem oddly disconnected from that reality. READ MORE: Zuckerberg Wants Facebook to Build a Mind-Reading Machine [Wired] More on Facebook: Former Content Moderators Are Suing Facebook Over PTSD and Trauma Share This Article 
Prisons are often rife with violence. But that might change if an upcoming experiment has the desired effect — and if society can stomach the ethical implications of tinkering with inmates' brains. Researchers from Spain's University of Huelva told New Scientist they'll soon launch a study to see if they can calm the violent urges of Huelva Prison's inmates by treating them with transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) — in other words, by zapping the inmates' brains with electricity. "The study is to try to find out if TDCS has an effect on different assessments of aggression," project lead Andrés Molero-Chamizo told New Scientist. "It could help to keep order inside a prison." The researchers plan to enlist a minimum of 12 male volunteers serving murder sentences. For three days in a row, they'll strap electrodes to each man's head and turn on an electric current for 15 minutes, a process they say is painless. At the beginning and end of the experiment, each subject will answer whether or not he agrees with a set of statements, such as "once in a while, I can’t control the urge to strike another person." In addition to this self-reporting, the team also hopes to collect samples of each man's saliva to look at their cortisol levels, to investigate whether the stress hormone could provide insight into the inmate's aggression. This isn't the first time the University of Huelva team has tested the ability of electrical brain stimulation to curb inmates' violent tendencies — in January, they published the results of another study featuring a group of 41 prisoners. That experiment focused on a different kind of TDCS, but it produced promising results. However, some question the ethics of experimenting on prisoners at all. “I would have big concerns about this," forensic psychiatrist Delaney Smith told New Scientist. "Prison is an inherently coercive environment. Prisoners could always be thinking that this might be beneficial to their case in the future." Still, if TDCS is able to help prisoners curb their violent urges, it could be a promising means of keeping inmates safe while they do their time behind bars. READ MORE: Exclusive: Brain Zap Therapy for Aggression to Be Tested on Prisoners [New Scientist] More on TDCS: Shocking a Person’s Brain Could Make Them Less Violent, Study Shows Share This Article 
More bad news for NASA's Mars InSight Lander: its thermal probe, which is supposed to dig 16 feet into the Martian surface, only got partway out of its protective tube before encountering a problem — a startling reminder of the incredible challenges of operating a robotic mission on a distant world where there's nobody to repair broken equipment for millions of miles. Scientists think the thermal probe might have hit hard rocks or gravel. While the German Aerospace Center (DLR) team that designed the probe designed the probe to shove small rocks aside, they've decided to play it safe for now. "It is still healthy but, of course, [its] life time is limited — in terms of hammering strokes it can make before it is worn down — although we are not concerned that it would [break] soon," today's DLR logbook entry reads. According to its creators, the Heat and Physical Properties Package, which is meant to measure the heat flowing out from under Mars' surface,hit an obstacle and now is at a 15-degree tilt. The news comes after the DLR team had to delay the first deployment of the mole's hammer due to a technical glitch. For now, the team will collect some more data and analyze a "large number of images" taken from InSight's giant arm. According to DLR, the probe will pause hammering for roughly two weeks. "Once we have all the data, we will decide on how to proceed best," reads the logbook entry. There's some good news as well. The team of scientists were excited to find that the thermal probe's instruments did not cool as much as they feared when a shadow passed over InSight due to the eclipse of one of Mars' two moons — meaning the data collected by the probe will likely remain reliable without needing much calibration. READ MORE: NASA's InSight Mars lander got stuck between a rock in a hard place [CNET] More on InSight: NASA's InSight Mars Lander Tries to Start Digging, But Hits Snag Share This Article 
Elon Musk's Boring Company is coming for Las Vegas. The Las Vegas tourism board announced today that it is recommending the building of an underground tunnel system — and the Boring Company is its number one choice, the Associated Press reports. "It's really innovative," president and CEO of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority Steve Hill told the AP. "I think it will be an attraction in and of itself, frankly," Plans for the proposed tunnel network are still vague, but here's what we know so far: the project would cost between $35 and $55 million dollars and could host more than 1 million people a year when it debuts by January 2021. Three to four stations would connect different halls of the massive Las Vegas Convention Center and possibly even the iconic Las Vegas strip. Two parallel tunnels would carry futuristic pods filled with passengers each way. It would be free to access for everybody. The biggest event that draws massive crowds at the Las Vegas Convention Center every year is the Consumer Electronics Show (CES). The Las Vegas Convention Center is currently undergoing a massive expansion, stretching the convention facilities over a length of roughly two miles. The Vegas news comes after the Boring Company hit some major roadblocks in Chicago last month. The plan was to connect Chicago's O'Hare International Airport to the downtown core, but the concept has been met with ridicule and red tape — it even got sucked into a corruption scandal. But Las Vegas could be a much better fit, if today's news is any indication. "Look at everything that we have built in Las Vegas, and this city and everybody who has built it found ways to make that happen," Hill told the AP. READ MORE: Elon Musk firm pitched to build transit system in Las Vegas [Associated Press] More on the Boring Company: The Boring Company’s Chicago Tunnel Project Might Soon be Dead Share This Article 
On Feb. 22, JAXA's Hayabusa2 spacecraft successfully landed on a kilometer-wide asteroid called Ryugu and shot its surface with a metal bullet. Now the footage of the groundbreaking maneuver has finally arrived back on Earth. The new footage shows the mission to collect and return small rock samples to explore the nature of the Solar System's inner planets and find clues about the origin of life on Earth — and it's an extraordinary testament to the scientific power of automated space travel. In a video released by Japanese space agency JAXA today on Twitter, the spacecraft can be seen approaching the asteroid. The moment it touches the asteroid's surface, a plume of small debris surrounds the landing gear — presumably the moment a metal bullet was fired at 300 m/s (671 mph). The surface of Ryugu was not what we expected. So our sampler team had to conduct an experiment to check we could still gather material from the asteroid surface when we attempt #haya2_TD touchdown this Friday!  https://t.co/bCzvW2gwSr pic.twitter.com/XxJXETKB6N — HAYABUSA2@JAXA (@haya2e_jaxa) February 18, 2019  "Hayabusa2 achieved a perfect somersault over Ryugu — like a 'lunar somersault' — and then returned to the home position in a dignified manner," reads an official Feb. 27 statement. JAXA's team of engineers had to adjust the spacecraft's course during and after its somersault, since the place it decided to land on wasn't even. "In order to return to the home position, it was necessary to exert a force in a direction difficult to achieve due to the orientation of the spacecraft thrusters," the statement reads. Hayabusa2 first rendezvoused with the asteroid in June. Since then, it has released two “hopping” rovers in September of last year for its first visit and a third rover on a second mission in October. The spacecraft is planning to collect more samples during two future visits. The Hayabusa2 team at JAXA wants to know how their spacecraft did. "For the artistry score, please evaluate, everyone!" reads last month's statement. We give it a 10. READ MORE: Movie shows moment of asteroid landing [BBC] More on the Hayabusa2 mission: Japan Just Landed a Robot Spacecraft on an Asteroid Share This Article 
Information has always been a valuable commodity. As such, human beings have always tried to steal it. But while information theft is nothing new, modern technology has changed the game. Not only has the digital revolution made the collection and storage of mass quantities of data possible, but it's also made these vast stores of information easier for hackers to plunder. Just look at the high-profile hacking incidents over the last few years. In 2018, the Marriott Hotels data breach affected 500 million people. In 2017, the Equifax data breach affected 145 million people. And of course, in 2016, the Democratic National Committee email breach probably impacted the outcome of the 2016 presidential election. In short, hackers are getting more sophisticated by the day. And everyday, more and more people are starting to feel the consequences. Some estimates suggest as many as 60 million Americans have been victimized by identity theft at some point in their lives, which probably explains why 90 percent of U.S. consumers say they are worried about the security of their online data. This is some scary stuff. Luckily, there is some good news. While hackers may be getting more sophisticated, so too are the cyber security professionals who use their own weapons against them. Commonly known as ethical hackers, or white hats, these experts are hired by companies to break into their own networks and systems using the same methods and tools that hackers use, preemptively exposing any threats and vulnerabilities before they can be exploited. Needless to say, the demand for ethical hackers is already at an all-time high, and it’s only going to grow in the coming years. As such, becoming an ethical hacker yourself could be a pretty smart career move. And because there are so many innovative ethical hacking courses online, you can actually go from cyber security beginner to paid cyber security expert without leaving your house. So if you're interested in learning more about white hat hacking, below you'll find a list of ethical hacking courses we've hand picked for your review. The Complete Ethical Hacking Course For those just looking to get their feet wet in the cyber security industry, the Complete Ethical Hacking Course from IT expert Ermin Kreponic is a perfect place the start. These informative ethical hacking courses will give you lifetime 24/7 access to 52 lectures and 9.5 hours of total training. Lecture topics include an introduction to ethical hacking, Linux installation and terminal basics, online anonymity, Wifi hacking, personal network defense, and so much more. Ethical Hacker Bootcamp Bundle Those looking to take things a step beyond the basics should consider the Ethical Hacker Bootcamp Bundle from CyberTraining 365. It gives you one year of access to 526 lectures and 75 hours of total training, and allows you to learn from experts in a lab-filled environment. In addition to the basic introductory lectures, this bundle will help you master ethical hacking techniques such as network scanning, malware analysis, penetration testing, system hacking, and session hijacking. It also features all the test prep questions you’ll need to pass industry standard certification tests. 2019 Ethical Hacker Master Class Bundle For those looking for the most advanced cyber security training out there, check out the 2019 Ethical Hacker Master Class Bundle, another offering from CyberTraining 365. This one provides lifetime access 1,236 lectures and 180+ hours of total training, which are broken up into 10 distinct courses: These programs give you a wealth of information about the world of ethical hacking. And if you act fast, you can enroll at a pretty amazing price. So if you you're interested in learning about ethical hacking, click on the links above to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On Sunday, Elon Musk's space company SpaceX made history by docking the first private American passenger spacecraft to the International Space Station. The same day, Musk announced big news about Tesla, his electric car company, on Twitter: Tesla's Model 3 successor, the Model Y, will be revealed at an event on March 14 in Los Angeles at which attendees will be able to test ride Tesla's newest car. Model Y unveil event on March 14 at LA Design Studio — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 3, 2019  In May 2018, Musk predicted the reveal date to be March 15 — but subsequently walked the promise back, saying that "I just made that up, because the Ides of March sounded good." Musk also offered up some further details on Twitter about Tesla's upcoming SUV: it will be about 10 percent bigger than the Model 3, while also costing about 10 percent more. The range will be impacted due to its bigger size and weight, while still featuring the same battery as the Model 3. Musk first teased the Model Y in 2015, saying it will be an intermediary crossover SUV that's larger than a Model 3, but smaller than a Model X. The CEO also teased that it will have falcon-wing doors, but on Sunday Musk corrected himself, saying it will feature "normal" doors. The car will share many similarities with the Model 3. According to a letter from Musk to shareholders in January, the Model Y will share 75 percent of its components with the Model 3 and be built on the same platform. According to the letter, many Model Y cars will be produced in Tesla's Gigafactory in Nevada, despite rumors it was going to be built in Shanghai, China. Tesla enthusiasts have even more car announcements to look forward to. On Sunday, Musk also promised Tesla's much-anticipated pickup truck will be unveiled "later this year." READ MORE: Tesla Model Y to be revealed on March 14 at LA Design Studio [Teslarati] More on the Model Y: Tesla Plans to Mass-Produce the Model Y SUV Next Year Share This Article 
After landing the world's first rover on the far side of the Moon early this year, China already has far more ambitious plans in the works: sending a rover to Mars. "Over the past 60 years, we've made a lot of achievements, but there is still a large distance from the world space powers," chief designer of China's lunar exploration program Wu Wiren said ahead of the opening of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, CNN reports. "Next year, we will launch a Mars probe, which will orbit around the Mars, land on it and probe it." China's space program has rapidly picked up pace. Its Yutu 1 rover landed on the Moon in 2013. A second rover landed on the far side some six years later, and a third rover will follow at the end of this year, with the goal of returning to Earth with at least four pounds of lunar soil and rock samples. But increasingly, China's space agency has been focusing its efforts on the Red Planet. This weekend, China opened its first Mars simulation base in Qinghai Province at a location known to have similarities to the Martian surface. The base can house 60 people in its futuristic capsules. China won't be the first nation to explore Mars. NASA, for one, has a considerable head start: Its Jet Propulsion Lab has so far sent four remotely operated rovers to the Martian surface to look for signs of life gather scientific data about the distant world. Both NASA and the European Space Agency each plan to send new rovers to Mars as soon as next year. But China is making a substantial effort to catch up. READ MORE: China plans to send a rover to explore Mars next year [CNN] More on Martian rovers: NASA is Finally Ready to Say Goodbye to its Opportunity Rover Share This Article 
Donald Trump's 2020 reelection team is backing controversial plans to have the government manage 5G wireless networks in the U.S., Politico reports. The plan is for the government to take specific frequencies in the 5G spectrum and sell them off wholesale to U.S. wireless providers. That would also mean more access to rural Americans according to Trump's team. "A 5G wholesale market would drive down costs and provide access to millions of Americans who are currently underserved," Trump’s press secretary Kayleigh McEnany told Politico. "This is in line with President Trump’s agenda to benefit all Americans, regardless of geography." Earlier this year Trump voiced his support for rolling out 5G connectivity on Twitter. "I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible," Trump tweeted. "It is far more powerful, faster, and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts, or get left behind." A similar plan that leaked in 2018 suggested that the government should provide its own infrastructure and allow carriers to use it. A senior official at the time who spoke with Reuters stated, “We want to build a network so the Chinese can’t listen to your calls.” But the plans immediately received pushback from the wireless industry. Even Trump's own FCC chairman Ajit Pai called the idea of a nationalized 5G network "a costly and counterproductive distraction." How these newly revealed plans differ is still not one hundred percent clear. The idea is to open up wireless spectrums the Defense Department is currently using and partner with third party operators, Politico reports. Trump campaign adviser Newt Gingrich pushed for a "public-private partnership" to "spur microelectronics manufacturing" and accelerate 5G rollout in a Newsweek op-ed. But it will be a hard sell. The plan is unlikely to gain much traction — if previous attempts are anything to go by. READ MORE: Trump campaign pushes government intervention on 5G [Politico] More on 5G: Why Cellphone Carriers Are Dreaming of a World Without Wi-Fi Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk hasn't gotten much sleep this weekend. But true to form, he's already dreaming of something far more ambitious. "To be frank, I’m a little emotionally exhausted," Musk said at a post-launch press conference at four o'clock in the morning on Saturday. "Because that was super stressful. But it worked, so far." The private space company has achieved a lot within the last 48 hours. Their futuristic passenger spacecraft Crew Dragon launched early Saturday morning from the Kennedy Space Center and successfully docked autonomously with the International Space Station some 26 hours later. If all goes well, two astronauts will fly on board the spacecraft to the ISS as soon as July. But, as expected, Musk has much bigger plans — for traveling to beyond Earth's orbit. "We should have a base on the moon, like a permanently occupied human base on the moon, and then send people to Mars," Musk said at the press event. "Maybe there's something beyond the space station, but we'll see." Earlier this year, Musk admitted that he wanted to get to the Moon – and "as fast as possible," he wrote in a Jan 31 tweet. The vehicle that could fulfill that dream: the stainless-steel monstrosity dubbed Starship. But getting Starship to the Moon will be a much harder feat to pull off than any NASA project ever. "It won’t be easy for us or SpaceX," Walt Engelund, director of Space Technology and Exploration Directorate at NASA, told Business Insider in a February interview. But one step at a time. "We've got to focus on getting [the Crew Dragon missions] right, for sure. That's the priority," Musk admitted at Saturday's press event. "But then, after that, maybe something beyond low-Earth orbit." READ MORE: Elon Musk says he would ride SpaceX's new Dragon spaceship into orbit — and build a moon base with NASA [Business Insider] More on Crew Dragon: Watch SpaceX’s Crew Dragon Dock Autonomously With the ISS Share This Article 
After successfully launching early on Saturday morning from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, SpaceX's next-generation passenger spacecraft Crew Dragon has docked itself to a free dock on the International Space Station at 5:51 am EST this morning. The first @Commercial_Crew mission arrived at the space station today when the @SpaceX #CrewDragon completed soft capture on the Harmony module at 5:51am ET. #LaunchAmerica https://t.co/Bgcgac0O50 pic.twitter.com/KfNFpHxpGx — Intl. Space Station (@Space_Station) March 3, 2019  The footage, courtesy of the official International Space Station Twitter account, shows Crew Dragon slowly lining up its port with the ISS and approaching slowly. Crew Dragon docked after visiting a number of other locations outside of the space station, using its thrusters, earlier this morning to test its docking system. The hatch opened at 8:10 am EST. Hatch is open! Crew Dragon will now spend 5 days at the @space_station pic.twitter.com/HA9iSWOBVE — SpaceX (@SpaceX) March 3, 2019  Anne McClain and David Saint-Jacques, two astronauts currently on board the ISS, started preparing to open the hatch that leads to the Crew Dragon from inside the station when it docked. Once they got inside, they were greeted by SpaceX's dummy "Ripley." Astronauts on the @Space_Station have opened the hatch on @SpaceX’s Crew Dragon spacecraft! The station crew can now go inside the first American spacecraft to autonomously dock to the orbiting laboratory.  🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/z2rP5MWCqu — NASA Commercial Crew (@Commercial_Crew) March 3, 2019  It's yet another historic moment for the Crew Dragon mission as the docking procedure is quite different this time when compared to previous Dragon missions: “Dragon was basically hovering under the ISS,” said Hans Koenigsmann, vice president of mission assurance at SpaceX during a pre-launch briefing on Thursday. "You can see how it moves back and forth and then the [Canadarm] takes it to a berthing bay." In contrast, the Crew Dragon’s docking system is active, he said: "it will plant itself in front of the station and use a docking port on its own, no docking arm required." Five days from now, Crew Dragon will undock and makes its long way back to Earth. This time around, it will splash down in the Atlantic Ocean — previous (cargo) Dragon missions have touched down in the Pacific. READ MORE: SpaceX’s Crew Dragon capsule successfully docks to the ISS for the first time [The Verge] More on Crew Dragon: SpaceX Launches First U.S. Private Passenger Spacecraft to ISS Share This Article 
Your bags are packed, your rooms are booked, you're all set for your vacation; there's just one problem, the government has canceled your tickets. As early as 2014, China began conceptualizing a Social Credit System (SCS), sort of like a credit score for citizen behavior where behaviors deemed good for society are rewarded with privileges and bad behaviors result in a poor score and loss of privileges. China has since been working to test its new method of population control and has been slowly conscripting citizens into the system. Now, a new report acquired by the Associated Press, suggests millions of would-be travelers had their plans canceled as a result of the SCS in 2018. According to the report obtained by the Associated Press, as many as 17.5 million ticket purchases were blocked last year for "social credit offenses" such as unpaid taxes or fines. Other would-be travelers were barred from purchasing train tickets as many as 5.5 million times and according to an annual report from the National Public Credit Information Center, as many as 138 people were stopped from leaving the country. The ruling party hopes to fully establish the system within the nation by 2020. Although it isn't completely clear yet how the system will be maintained, what the SCS will penalize, and what penalties there may be for having "poor social credit", offenses penalized last year included everything from false advertising to drug charges. In addition to travel restrictions, companies ousted from the nation's good graces can lose out on government contracts, bank loans, and be restricted from importing goods. Employees can be prevented from representing companies or taking senior management roles, a penalty which was applied 290,000 times last year. The SCS is just one part of the way President Xi Jinping’s government plans to use technology and data systems to monitor and control its citizens. Part of a decade long ambition known as The Golden Sheild Project, new surveillance technologies are being rolled out constantly and include things such as glasses with facial recognition capabilities for law enforcement, gait recognition software, and productivity monitoring programs so efficient employees are convinced employers can read their minds. Despite the system being, as Vice President Mike Pence said, “an Orwellian system premised on controlling virtually every facet of human life," it appears the system may be accomplishing what it was designed to. Since being launched, the system has caused 3.5 million people to “voluntarily fulfill their legal obligations,” such as paying overdue fines, according to the National Public Credit Information Center. This includes 37 people who paid a total of 150 million yuan ($22 million) in overdue fines. Whether it works or not, such a system has deeply concerning implications for the classist division of Chinese society with little room for errors or mistakes. As a slogan often repeated in Chinese state media suggests, “Once you lose trust, you will face restrictions everywhere.” READ MORE: China bars millions from travel for 'social credit' offenses [AP News] More on Social Credit: China’s “Social Credit System” Will Rate How Valuable You Are as a Human Share This Article 
SpaceX successfully launched its Crew Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon 9 rocket from historic Launch Complex 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida at 2:49 am EST this morning. Main engine cutoff and stage separation were confirmed by SpaceX at 2:52 am EST. First stage successfully landed on the drone ship platform Of Course I Still Love You at 3:00 am EST. The Crew Dragon is scheduled to dock with the International Space Station early Sunday morning. It will spend about five days docked to the station before returning to Earth and splashing down in the Atlantic. The launch marks the first time a private American rocket and spacecraft built for human passengers has ever launched to travel to the space station. An upcoming crewed mission, Demonstration Mission 2, is scheduled for July. SpaceX and @NASA have completed thousands of hours of tests, analyses, and reviews in preparation for Crew Dragon’s first test flight to the @space_station pic.twitter.com/JvJqeoLKVy — SpaceX (@SpaceX) February 28, 2019  There are no human astronauts on board. It does carry "Ripley," a SpaceX dummy that will collect valuable information — using sensors all over its body — about what the experience will be like for human astronauts. A previous version of SpaceX's Dragon capsule built solely for cargo became the first commercial spacecraft to deliver cargo to the ISS and safely return cargo back down to Earth back in 2012. Since then, SpaceX has flown 16 successful cargo missions to the space station on behalf of NASA using the Dragon spacecraft. If all goes well, the Crew Dragon will rendezvous with the International Space Station at around 6:00 am EST Sunday morning to dock autonomously. But the docking procedure is quite different this time when compared to previous Dragon missions: "Dragon was basically hovering under the ISS," said Hans Koenigsmann, vice president of mission assurance at SpaceX during a pre-launch briefing on Thursday. "You can see how it moves back and forth and then the [Canadarm] takes it to a berthing bay." In contrast, the Crew Dragon's docking system is active, he said: "it will plant itself in front of the station and use a docking port on its own, no docking arm required." READ MORE: Crew Demo-1 Mission [SpaceX] More on the launch: Meet “Ripley," the Dummy SpaceX Is Sending to the Space Station Share This Article 
Russia's gun toting robot has hit a major snag: it's scrambling for parts after foreign suppliers cut off sales, Defense One reports. In 2017, videos went viral of the Terminator-like android dubbed FEDOR (Final Experimental Demonstration Object Research) firing handguns at a variety of targets. Apparently foreign suppliers weren't impressed — leaving the robot's maker, Android Technology, scrambling for parts. "After some of our partners... saw that the robot 'FEDOR' had learned to shoot, we were denied supplies," technical director of the robot company Evgeny Dudorov told state media RIA in an interview, as interpreted by Google Translate. According to Dudorov, 40 percent of FEDOR's components are made in Russia. But the company is aiming for a higher proportion. "Russia will develop its own systems as a result of this export ban, but that may take some time," Dudorov told RIA. "This announcement also demonstrates that despite the sanctions, the Russian high-tech industry was still able to get what it needed." According to the interview, FEDOR cost "much less" to develop than the $18 million that Boston Dynamics spent on its own humanoid, parkour-performing robot Atlas. The second iteration of FEDOR might also end up going to space on board a Russian spacecraft in the near future, Sputnik News reported back in March 2018. The so-called Federatsiya spacecraft is meant to carry astronauts to low earth orbit along with FEDOR-2 — but when or if the launch will take place is still uncertain. When asked if Fedor could one day travel on board a Soyuz to the ISS, Dudorov did not have a clear answer. "This issue is in discussion," Dudorov told RIA. "If a decision is made within Roscosmos to conduct such a flight and a technical possibility appears for its implementation, then, in principle, we are ready to fulfill this task." READ MORE: Russia’s Pistol-Packing Robot Is Scrambling for Parts [Defense One] More on FEDOR: FEDOR Is a Gunslinging Robot That’s Just a Skin Suit Away From Westworld Share This Article 
FinTech, which stands for "financial technology," has been one of the biggest buzzwords in the world of finance over the last few years, and for good reason. Broadly speaking, FinTech is made up of new technologies that are applied to—or sometimes specifically designed for—the traditional financial services sector. And as of late, they are starting to disrupt the financial industry by bringing in a deluge of new players who had previously been denied access to the game. And one of the most obvious examples is peer-to-peer investing. Peer-to-peer investing is changing the way people invest and borrow money. In years past, if you wanted to borrow money to start a business or buy a house, your only option was to go to a bank and apply for a loan. Thus, only large financial institutions had access to highly profitable debt investments. But now, crowdfunding technologies are democratizing the process. Online peer-to-peer platforms are connecting borrowers with private investors by the thousands, creating an entirely new, mutually beneficial asset class in the process. One of the most noteworthy peer-to-peer investing services out there today is PeerStreet. Founded in 2013 with the backing of several prominent venture capital firms, the company built an award-winning peer-to-peer investing platform that is arguably doing more to disrupt the traditional real estate investment market than any other firm. PeerStreet is a high-tech online marketplace for real estate-backed loans. Put another way, it's crowdfunding for mortgages that breaks standard loans up into small pieces so individuals can become microlenders. And the entire process is guided by cutting-edge data analytics. PeerStreet works with established private lenders from across the United States to purchase real estate debt. They review each lender’s track record, then run the loans through their own proprietary analytics engine. By using advanced algorithms and data science, the company is able to curate a pool of safe, high-qualify real estate debt investments. In this way PeerStreet connects investors with borrowers in a way never before possible. Investors get to earn 10 percent or more on their investments, and borrowers get the money they need to buy a house or run a business. But PeerStreet’s FinTech innovation doesn’t stop merely at crowdfunding mortgages. They also employ cutting-edge Automated Investing technology that takes the guesswork out of building an investment portfolio. All you have to do as an investor is select your investment criteria, such as interest rate or loan term, and you will be notified when loans that meet your criteria become available. Unfortunately, because the crowdfunding marketplace is so new, the PeerStreet platform is currently only available to accredited investors. According to SEC rules, these are individuals with a net worth greater than $1 million or an annual income greater than $200,000. However, if you don’t fit into that category, there is some good news. In 2015, the SEC officially opened up the crowdfunding marketplace to non-accredited investors. There are still strict rules in place that limit the amount you can invest per year to either $2,000 or 5% of your yearly income or net worth, whichever is greater. But it’s better than nothing. And it suggests it may just be a matter of time before PeerStreet’s automated investing tech becomes available to everybody. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.  Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk tweeted a picture early this morning of "Ripley," a dummy the spacetech company plans to send to the International Space Station on board the Crew Dragon space capsule this weekend. Ripley will be an integral part of Demo-1, the first uncrewed test flight of SpaceX's futuristic passenger craft that could one day ferry astronauts to the ISS — and the dummy, which is already strapped into the Dragon capsule, is packed with sensors. "We call it a smarty, and her name is Ripley," SpaceX vice president of Build and Flight Reliability Hans Koenigsmann said in yesterday's pre-launch briefing. "We instrumented the crap out of this vehicle; it's got data, sensors everywhere," NASA's Commercial Crew Program manager Kathy Lueders added. Ripley pic.twitter.com/Z9Ztram8Ai — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 1, 2019  Ripley — likely a nod to Sigourney Weaver's character in the 1979 movie "Alien" — is the spiritual successor to "Starman," the space company's dummy that rode a Tesla Roadster into the far reaches of Earth orbit. The Roadster launched on top of the first successfully launched Falcon Heavy rocket last February. The human-sized dummy is covered head to toe in sensors that will tell SpaceX engineers about what the experience travelling to and from the ISS will be like for human astronauts. Ripley is wearing SpaceX's Commercial Crew space suit with its already iconic black visor and white design that was revealed in August 2017. The Crew Dragon is set to launch on a Falcon 9 rocket in less than 24 hours from Cape Canaveral, and will attempt to autonomously dock with the ISS early Sunday morning. If all goes well, SpaceX's Crew Dragon could be the first American spacecraft to ferry astronauts to space from U.S. soil since the last Space Shuttle mission in 2011 — and Ripley is getting a first taste of what that'll feel like. READ MORE: Meet Ripley, SpaceX's Dummy Astronaut Riding on Crew Dragon Test Flight [Space.com] More on Demo-1: NASA Clears SpaceX Crew Dragon’s First Test Flight Share This Article 
For the second time, Senator Cory Booker announced a bill to make recreational marijuana use legal across the entire U.S. The Marijuana Justice Act, which Booker and Representatives Barbara Lee and Ro Khanna announced on Thursday, would not only legalize marijuana but also retroactively erase marijuana possession charges from Americans' criminal records, according to Rolling Stone — a monumental shift in U.S. drug policy. Cory Booker, a 2020 Democratic hopeful, first introduced a similar bill in 2017 that didn't make it out of the Senate. Still, Booker has made it clear that a major component of his presidential bid will center around ending the War on Drugs, which has led to the over-policing and incarceration of racial minorities for nonviolent crimes. "The failed War on Drugs has really been a war on people — disproportionately criminalizing poor people, people of color & people with mental illness," Booker tweeted Thursday morning. "I’m reintroducing the [Marijuana Justice] Act to begin reversing our failed federal drug policies." So far, other Democratic candidates Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, and Kamala Harris have all co-sponsored Booker's new bill, according to NPR. Meanwhile, Senator Ron Wyden introduced a similar bill earlier this month. A major component of the Marijuana Justice Act is its retroactive effect on people who were previously charged for marijuana possession and either served time in prison or are still incarcerated. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) reports that black people are four times as likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than white people, despite similar rates of drug use. When various states have legalized recreational marijuana, it largely benefited wealthy, white business owners who opened up distribution centers. Meanwhile, black people continued to be arrested at higher rates and the predominantly-black cohort currently in prison remained there, Vox reports. If Booker's bill makes it through the Senate this time, those people wouldn’t be left behind. The new bill would allow people currently in prison for possession to appeal for re-sentencing. People who already served time would have their criminal records expunged, according to Rolling Stone. "It's not enough to simply decriminalize marijuana. We must also repair the damage caused by reinvesting in those communities that have been most harmed by the War on Drugs," Booker said in a statement sent to Rolling Stone. "And we must expunge the records of those who have served their time. The end we seek is not just legalization, it's justice." READ MORE: Marijuana Legalization Law Reintroduced in Congress [Rolling Stone] More on marijuana: WHO Says UN Should Reclassify Marijuana as Less Dangerous Share This Article 
You may not think that Tuscan chicken's creamy, garlicky flavor is due for a high-tech upgrade, but advanced artificial intelligence is on the case all the same. An AI algorithm is about to analyze and improve that and other classic recipes before designing some brand-new foods as well. And if it goes well, we can expect AI to play a bigger role in developing the foods we eat every day. Right now, some big names are working to amass the expertise of all the world's food experts, head chefs, and flavor scientists into a single artificial intelligence algorithm that concocts new foods better and faster than any mere human. The smartest algorithms aren't quite there, but some big names are working on it. IBM's artificial intelligence labs, famous for its Jeopardy-winning and cookbook-writing AI algorithm, Watson, have been collaborating with seasoning seller McCormick & Company's food developers and researchers for the past four years. The team's first AI-generated food products will hit the shelves later this year, according to an IBM blog post published in early February, and if all goes well, every McCormick developer will be collaborating with the AI system by 2021. "It takes about probably ten to 15 years or so, sometimes 20 years, to become a top-notch product developer," Hamed Faridi, chief science officer at McCormick, told Futurism. "So my vision was 'how can I help the entire organization be able to develop products as good as the best developer we have in the world?'" The end result will be AI-generated foods, flavors, and mixtures based on a deep knowledge of flavor profiles so complex that no human expert could match it. "We have hundreds of thousands of formulas in our system," Faridi said. "Each product developer has several thousands of formulas that they use. We are collecting all of them." Faridi explained that currently, it can take weeks or months before a new food product goes from concept to final, market-ready product. When McCormick develops a new food product, the job, along with specific details like whether it has to be kosher or halal, and a target cost, will go to one of several hundred developers — chefs, chemists, psychologists, and other experts in food and flavor — scattered around the world. They'll then go and grab the formula for a similar product, add and remove ingredients as necessary, and test out their new idea before coming back to tweak it even more. IBM's algorithm takes the same approach. But because it contains a broader knowledge of food and flavor than an individual expert, Faridi says the system can design a shelf-ready product in a fraction as many iterations as a person could. A formula can go through as many as 150 iterations before ever reaching the shelf; a developer with decades of experience might be able to do it in 50. But with IBM's new AI, even less-experienced developers could do it in 50 tries as well.  "We started formulating on a serious basis with the system about a year ago, so we only have one year of data," Faridi told Futurism. "But so far it shows that we can easily take 70 percent of the work out." IBM's AI system can do more than speed up the development process — it can also generate flavors and formulas that a human might not have considered. Each human developer comes with biases. That's not necessarily a bad thing; they may simply have favorite or go-to ingredients, like particular spices, that are over-represented in their formulas. But because IBM's AI, largely comprised of a massive neural network, is trained on decades of McCormick data, the system is able to consider alternatives outside of a particular expert's wheelhouse. The algorithm also absorbed contextual data from decades of market research — the neural net processed data on people's preferences based on factors like their culture, location, and moods. "You want to take the context into account — once you take those into account it can generate formulas that are unique, that have never been generated before," Richard Goodwin, principal research scientist at IBM, told Futurism. "And those formulas are likely to be valued by people." For now, the AI-generated foods set to hit shelves later this year — seasoning mixes for Tuscan chicken, bourbon pork tenderloins, and New Orleans-style sausage — are more of updated classics than anything truly groundbreaking. But Goodwin and Faridi said that they plan to push the envelope further and further in coming years as the program takes off. "To some extent, coming up with just an odd combination of things may not be that hard, but showing that you can actually come up with something that people are a little familiar with, but come up with a very good version of it, speaks to the strength of the collaboration of the people and the machine," said Goodwin. Faridi expects that this human-machine collaboration will completely change the way foods are developed. And perhaps most importantly, he predicts that it will continue to be a collaboration where human employees are central to the process rather than automating it altogether. Goodwin said that he envisions a future where the AI system captures the knowledge-based part of the process so that humans can focus on creating creative new products. For instance, the neural net could take away the technical side of the process, which can include determining all of the minute differences between ingredients that work well together, which ones can replace one another, and which specific form of each ingredient to choose. Goodwin gave the example that the machine would know to choose flaked garlic over powdered or diced garlic in a given recipe and would even be able to choose the correct flake size. "The system learns these things like the apprentices who learn as they go," Goodwin said. As the new system takes off and his team works out the kinks, Faridi expects other major players in the food industry to follow suit — he doesn't expect the deployment of AI to remain exclusive just to McCormick. "I believe 20 years down the road, this will be the system," Faridi said. "There is no other way of making new products. We are changing the course of the industry just like the electric car. In 20, 30 years, people will look back and say, 'how did people use a gas-guzzling car?'" READ MORE: Using AI to Develop New Flavor Experiences [IBM Newsroom] More on food: Edible Coating can Keep Food Fresh Longer and Cut Down on Waste Share This Article 
After many delays, Tesla is officially reducing its popular Model 3 electric luxury sedan to a base price of $35,000 — a long-routed price point for CEO Elon Musk. Tesla made the announcement via an email sent out to its retail stores today, Electrek reports. Tesla launching $24,450* Model 3!!! https://t.co/11Tu9vhyi5 * You are still gonna have to pay $35,000 pic.twitter.com/Kk0hg27Wvx — Seth Weintraub (@llsethj) February 28, 2019  A $35,000 Model 3 featuring a standard interior with a 220-mile-range battery, 130 mph top speed and under second 0-60 acceleration. This option will exclude buyers from leather and power seats according to Electrek — you'll have to shell out extra for a higher trim for a "full" premium interior. A brand new "Partial Premium Interior" with higher quality seats will set you back an additional $2,500. And a Standard Range Plus option brings the range up to 240 miles with a top speed of 140 mph. Musk previously stated that the Model 3 would start at roughly that price in a Feb. 6 tweet — but only once you factor in thousands of dollars in tax credits and fuel savings. https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1093042991994830849 Tesla CEO Elon Musk teased the announcement on Wednesday promising "some Tesla news," which launched the media into a tailspin as it tried to figure out what Tesla was about to announce. All-things-Tesla site Teslarati speculated the announcement was going to be about the Model Y, Tesla's long-promised SUV. Elon Musk promised back in May of last year that the Model Y was going to be announced on March 15 of this year, just over two weeks from now. The news comes after an ill-advised tweet landed Musk in hot water with the Securities and Exchange Commission earlier this week. READ MORE: Tesla finally launches base Model 3 for $35,000 with shorter range and new interior [Electrek] More on the $35,000 Model 3: Elon Musk Slashes Tesla Model 3 Price to Long-Awaited $35,000 Share This Article 
Self-driving cars, all hype aside, are still a long way away. For the foreseeable future, most autonomous vehicles will still require some degree of help from a human behind the wheel. And as long as people have any control over their vehicles, sleepy or drunk drivers will still pose a threat, even when their cars are at least partially autonomous. That's why European researchers want to equip self-driving cars with sensors that can detect when their driver is passing out or inebriated for one reason or another, according to Horizon Magazine. When a built-in breathalyzer or eye-tracking scanner notices that someone is unfit to drive, the car would either take over and finish the drive or turn on its hazard lights and pull over. "We want to make sure that we don't give the control back to drivers that are not fit to drive, and also that we can use the automated functionality to take over the control if the driver is not fit to drive," Anna Anund of the Swedish National Road and Transport Research Institute told Horizon. "What we would like to achieve is a safe and acceptable transition in order to avoid severe crashes with people being severely injured or even killed." All the technology that could help make self-driving cars safer — eye-tracking software, car ignition breathalyzers, and the like — already exists. The key is to make sure that they're implemented in any autonomous vehicle that still requires human intervention. Anund and her team have spent years working on sensors to make semi-autonomous vehicles safer, but for now their work is largely conceptual — it will be up to autonomous vehicle manufacturers to take the initiative and make sure their cars are as safe as possible. READ MORE: Fit to drive? The car will judge [Horizon Magazine] More on autonomous vehicles: Exclusive: A Waymo One Rider’s Experiences Highlight Autonomous Rideshare’s Shortcomings Share This Article 
The European Union is displeased with tech giants Google, Facebook, and Twitter — because all three corporations have failed to prevent the spread of fake news, according to Reuters. In October, the three companies agreed to a voluntary pledge to fight the political misinformation that proliferated on their platforms, as an alternative to harsher legislation being enacted against them in Europe. But based on the companies' monthly progress reports, European officials now feel they aren't trying hard enough. The European Commission published a statement on Thursday that laid out exactly where each of the three tech giants fell short. Facebook, for instance, hasn't provided any information on how it ramped up scrutiny over political ads. The data that Google shared is too vague and incomplete to tell whether or not the company actually addressed its problems, and Twitter decided not to share any information with the European Commission during its January report. According to the statement, which was penned by King and a team of other commissioners, the companies have until year's end to get their act together before Europe will consider imposing stricter regulations on them. "Sadly they have fallen further behind," tweeted Julian King, Europe's Security Commissioner, on Thursday. "They need to live up to the standards we are asking of them." READ MORE: Google, Facebook, Twitter fail to live up to fake news pledge [Reuters] More on fake news: Facebook Just Shut Down Dozens of Fake Pages Share This Article 
Earlier this month, U.S. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Senator Ed Markey published a proposal for the Green New Deal, a plan to mobilize the American economy to stop climate change. It calls for America to reach net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, mostly by expanding the nation's infrastructure for renewable energy sources like solar and wind energy. But there's something missing from the plan: fusion power, a technology with the potential to revolutionize the energy system by providing cheap, near-limitless electricity that doesn't leave behind toxic waste or give off greenhouse gas emissions. "The idea is fantastic," Michl Binderbauer, CEO of nuclear fusion company TAE Technologies, told Futurism of the Green New Deal. "To mobilize the whole country in a moonshot is one of the best ideas in a long time. But, he said, "I think it will require a broader approach." Binderbauer told Futurism that he expects TAE Technologies to have a commercial-scale fusion reactor up and running in the 2030s — which matches up the speculative timeline of other fusion experts in the field — and argues that allocating public funds for fusion research and development in the Green New Deal would help his and other research teams help make the technology a reality. In the big picture, Binderbauer argued that American leaders can't risk putting all of their eggs in one basket, and that a more diverse investment will be necessary if we want to clean up our act and decarbonize our economy. But nuclear fusion technology has a hard time earning public favor, as does its predecessor, fission. Nuclear fission is inexorably linked with disasters like those at Chernobyl and Fukushima, the proliferation of nuclear weapons, and the challenges of storing spent-but-still-dangerous fuel. "It's sort of a foregone conclusion that the public has reached," said Binderbauer. "If the fusion industry wants to fight it, I would say 'good luck.' That’s beyond debate anymore." Meanwhile, nuclear fusion technology doesn't exist outside of some experimental laboratories, and certainly not at any sort of practical capacity. Neither TAE Technologies nor any other company or research group is yet capable of producing a useful amount of energy from nuclear fusion. No matter if or when someone cracks the code of practical fusion energy, Binderbauer doesn't believe solar and wind power plants can do the job on their own. "If fusion cannot be made possible, we'll end up in a world where we'll have to make peace with fission," he said. In the absence of practical nuclear fusion, the Green New Deal makes sense. Instead of investing in speculative energy sources that don't even exist yet and hoping that they can make a meaningful difference by 2030, the Green New Deal advocates for tried and true energy sources we can build today. Futurism contacted Ocasio-Cortez's office for comment on the role of nuclear energy in the fight against climate change. At press time, she has not yet responded. Others argue that because nuclear plants take so long to build, it will take too long for them to do any good within the Green New Deal's timeline, according to Popular Science. A common criticism of renewable energy sources is that clouds and windless days can limit the amount of energy harnessed by solar panels and wind turbines. Getting around that problem requires large networks of batteries, and an entirely solar-and-wind-powered nation would require large transmission lines to get power from the areas with more sun and stronger wind to the places people actually live. "We are going to need solutions beyond what's currently in our portfolio," Binderbauer said. "This is not meant to criticize at all renewable energy. I think renewable energy will always have a role to play, and a large one, but the problem is the energy density isn't there. The amount of energy that comes in off of solar circuits, the amount of wind energy that blows across turbines is just not enough," he added. Binderbauer supports the Green New Deal's total mobilization of the U.S. economy, but he wants to see a broader focus within its specific proposals. "I think the nuts and bolts need some tweaking," he said. He argues that the Green New Deal should put money towards partnerships between the government, industry, and universities to develop new technologies that could make renewable energy sources more efficient and, unsurprisingly, figure out fusion. It's possible, however, that nuclear energy could find its way back into the mix under the current draft of the Green New Deal. "The resolution is silent on any individual technology," said co-sponsor Senator Ed Markey during a press conference when the proposal was published. "We are open to whatever works." If fusion scientists finally crack the code of the elusive technology, it's certainly possible that the Green New Deal co-sponsors decide to embrace the technology. "This green new deal can do a lot more than just the environment," Binderbauer said. "It can incubate all kinds of advances." More on the Green New Deal: Here’s What AOC’s Friends and Enemies Are Saying About the “Green New Deal” Share This Article 
TikTok, the video-sharing social media app that works like a cursed reincarnation of Vine, just got slapped with a $5.7 million fine for collecting personal information about its pre-teen users. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) announced on Wednesday that TikTok agreed to the settlement after allegations that the app knowingly and illegally stored the names, email addresses, and locations of users under the age of 13. The FTC's fine is the largest to ever be imposed for a violation of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), according to the FTC's statement — and a heartening sign that regulators are unwilling to cede privacy protections for young internet users. Part of the reason for the severe fine might be because TikTok received thousands of complaints from concerned parents without changing its business practices. "The operators of Musical.ly — now known as TikTok — knew many children were using the app but they still failed to seek parental consent before collecting names, email addresses, and other personal information from users under the age of 13," said FTC Chairman Joe Simons in the announcement. The app reportedly deleted preteens' accounts when parents requested they do so, but it still held onto the kids' personal information, according to CNN. "This record penalty should be a reminder to all online services and websites that target children," said Simons in the FTC statement. "We take enforcement of COPPA very seriously, and we will not tolerate companies that flagrantly ignore the law." READ MORE: TikTok hit with record fine for collecting data on children [CNN] More on TikTok: Bangladesh Declares “War on Pornography,” Blocks TikTok Share This Article 
In the ongoing quest to build an artificial human brain, scientists from UCLA may have just taken a big step forward. While a real synthetic brain is still far away, a team of chemical engineers found out how to grow self-assembling circuitry that resembles the structure and electrical activity of parts of a brain, according to ZDNet. The research is the pet project of UCLA chemical engineer James Gimzewski, who proclaimed that he wanted to create a synthetic brain back in 2012. "I want to create a synthetic brain," Gimzewski wrote at the time. "I want to create a machine that thinks, a machine that possesses physical intelligence... Such a system does not exist and promises to cause a revolution one might call the post-human revolution." Gimzewski and his team found that a grid of tightly-packed copper posts, when treated with silver nitrate, grew nanowires out in seemingly random directions that mirror the branching, interconnect neurons found in a brain. On the atomic scale, the connections among the silver nanowires resemble synapses, which are the junctions at which two neurons meet up and transmit signals among with each other. The way that the nanowires organized themselves mirrors the sort of structures that would pop up during an MRI of a brain as it stores memories, according to ZDNet. When the network of wires is hit by an electrical signal, the nanowires seemed to be organizing information as a brain does — all on their own. "When they're all combined, they start to talk to each other," Gimzewski told ZDNet. "In a way, the whole circuitry comes alive, in a sense, in that every part is interacting with every other part. And there are pathways in which we can establish stronger neuromorphic connections." In spite of his 2012 proclamation, Gimzewski now urges caution. "It's dangerous to directly correlate things like, 'This is a brain!'" Gimzewski told ZDNet. "It's exhibiting electrical characteristics which are very similar to a functional MRI of brains, similar to the electric characteristics of neuronal cultures, and also EEG patterns." READ MORE: Neuromorphic computing and the brain that wouldn’t die [ZDNet] More on brain-like circuitry: Brain-Based Circuitry Just Made Artificial Intelligence A Whole Lot Faster Share This Article 
The U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) has found itself in a predicament: it wants to power military bases and outposts with nuclear energy, but building a nuclear reactor is a massive civil undertaking. But it doesn't have to be, according to Project Dilithium, which the DoD announced last month. The project involves shipping small, portable nuclear reactors by air, land, or sea to the military bases where they’re needed so they can provide cheap, reliable energy for about three year stretches — but the concept is making nuclear power experts nervous. Experts suspect that the plan would work, from a technical standpoint, reports Popular Mechanics. That is to say, a small nuclear reactor could power a military outpost, and there's nothing inherent to the process of putting a reactor on a plane that would cause a disaster. But The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists argues that the small reactors that can be built with today's technology won’t give the DoD the easy plug-and-play power source that Project Dilithium calls for. Rather, introducing a nuclear reactor into a warzone might be, you know, dangerous. "If commanders need to expend significant resources to protect the reactors or their support systems from military strikes, such reactors could become burdens rather than assets," wrote Edwin Lyman, a physicist and the acting director of the Nuclear Safety Project at the Union of Concerned Scientists. The portable reactors that would be shipped around the world as part of Project Dilithium would be powered by highly-enriched uranium — the same kind of fuel that could be used to make nuclear weapons. "Even a reactor as small as 1 megawatt-electric would contain a large quantity of highly radioactive, long-lived isotopes such as cesium-137 — a potential dirty bomb far bigger than the medical radiation sources that have caused much concern among security experts," Lyman wrote. [Editor's Note 2/27/2019: This article originally described Project Dilithium as a U.S. Army initiative. It is actually being developed by the Department of Defense.] READ MORE: The Pentagon wants to boldly go where no nuclear reactor has gone before. It won’t work. [Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists] More on nuclear power: Experts: The Only Way to Save the Planet is Nuclear Energy Share This Article 
Several weeks ago, residents of Russia's Kuzbass region began posting videos and images to social media of the snow falling over their towns. The reason? The snow was midnight black. After investigating the issue, local police opened a criminal case against a coal-processing plant in the area on Monday, which had allegedly been pumping so much unfiltered coal dust into the atmosphere that it caused the snow to look like volcanic ash. The following day, the region's governor announced that he was closing the plant temporarily — though Russia's pollution woes are far from over. According to a story published by the AFP on Tuesday, prosecutors found that the Cherkasovskaya coal-processing plant committed "long-term, systematic" violations of limits on air pollution and didn't filter its coal dust at all before pumping it into the atmosphere. Based on lab tests, the pollution levels in the city of Kiselyovsk were more than double limits considered safe. "You are killing yourself and you are killing all your people who work for you and you are also killing everything around you," Kuzbass regional governor Sergei Tsivilyov said in televised comments on Tuesday, according to the AFP. Hopefully, the closing of the Cherkasovskaya plant will help with Kiselyovsk's air issues. But other regions in Russia continue to battle their own pollution problems. While black snow has been falling on several cities in the Kuzbass region, green snow has been pummeling the Russian city of Pervouralsk — and it's reportedly causing a host of health problems. "The children got sick, they had a cough and their skin turned red, with rashes on their faces," resident Natalya Solovey told ND News, according to The Independent. Many blame the strange phenomenon on chemicals from a local chrome factory, but factory spokesperson Vsevolod Oreshkin denied the allegations with some incredibly not-reassuring comments to ND News. "It’s a routine situation for residents that should not cause alarm. Does not threaten lives or health of adults and children," Oreshkin said. "It’s Pervouralsk. There are a whole variety of industrial enterprises here. If we take samples of snow in any place we will see a multitude of dangerous substances." READ MORE: Black snow falls on Siberia blamed on "killer" coal industry [AFP] More on coal: Reducing Our Dependency on Coal Will Make Us Healthier in the Long Run Share This Article 
For the first time, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), a federal agency tasked with protecting American consumers, has charged a company with fraud for buying fake Amazon reviews — a move that could radically improve the experience of online shopping. "People rely on reviews when they’re shopping online," Andrew Smith, Director of the FTC’s Bureau of Consumer Protection, said in an FTC press release. "When a company buys fake reviews to inflate its Amazon ratings, it hurts both shoppers and companies that play by the rules." On Feb. 19, the FTC filed a complaint against the company Cure Encapsulations. This complaint alleged that the company falsely advertised its weight-loss supplements by paying for fraudulent Amazon reviews through a website called Amazon Verified Reviews. The 5-star reviews included raving endorsements of the supplements, including "Works brilliantly" and "Highly recommended!" "The complaint charges the defendants with representing that the purchased Amazon reviews were truthful reviews written by actual purchasers, when in reality they were fabricated," the FTC wrote in its press release. On Tuesday, the FTC announced that it had settled the complaint. As part of the settlement, Cure Encapsulations will pay a $50,000 fine, and if the FTC later finds that the company misrepresented its finances, it will owe an additional $12.8 million. Cure Encapsulations is also forbidden from making any other weight-loss claims about a dietary supplement, drug, or food unless it has "competent and reliable scientific evidence in the form of human clinical testing" to back up its assertions. Amazon appears pleased at the result of the FTC's complaint regarding the fake reviews. "We welcome the FTC's work in this area," an Amazon spokesperson told The Verge. "Amazon invests significant resources to protect the integrity of reviews in our store because we know customers value the insights and experiences shared by fellow shoppers. Even one inauthentic review is one too many." Given that signs point toward online marketplaces consuming a larger slice of the retail pie in the future, it's essential that the FTC makes maintaining the integrity of those marketplaces a priority. This settlement with Cure Encapsulations is an encouraging sign that it is. READ MORE: Fake Amazon reviews draw fraud charges in groundbreaking FTC case [The Verge] More on online shopping: Two Pricing AIs Went Rogue and Formed a Cartel to Gouge Humans Share This Article 
The U.S. Army just called on experts in the field to help it develop technology that would allow a ground combat vehicle like a tank to automatically detect, target, and engage enemy combatants. The Advanced Targeting and Lethality Automated System (ATLAS) would theoretically give a tank the ability to do everything necessary to take down a target except pull the trigger — a human operator will still need to actually fire, according to Quartz. Around the world, 26 countries have called to ban fully-autonomous weapons. But the U.S., with support from contractors like Boeing, has continued to develop AI-powered military technology with the aim of automating the battlefield. For now, human operators are still required by law to be the ones making the final decision to fire. "It looks very much as if we are heading into an arms race where the current ban on full lethal autonomy will be dropped as soon as it's politically convenient to do so," UC Berkeley computer scientist Stuart Russell told Quartz. The point of ATLAS, from the Army's point of view, is to make combat more efficient. "Anytime you can shave off even fractions of a second, that's valuable," Paul Scharre, program director at a national security think tank called the Center for New American Security, told Quartz. "A lot of engagement decisions in warfare are very compressed in time. If you're in a tank and you see the enemy's tank, they probably can also see you. And if you're in range to hit them, they're probably in range to hit you." READ MORE: The US Army wants to turn tanks into AI-powered killing machines [Quartz] More on autonomous military technology: The Military Just Demoed an F-16 That Flies and Executes Strikes by Itself Share This Article 
It turns out all of those people who tried to learn a new language or quit smoking by listening to recordings while they slept may have been on to something. Under the right conditions, it turns out, the sleeping human brain is capable of learning new vocabulary. That's according to a study by scientists from Switzerland's University of Bern,  published in the journal Current Biology in January, which demonstrates that the human brain can absorb information during slumber. Sleeping participants were played recorded word pairings. One word, like "tofer," was always made up, while the second, like "haus" was always real. If the pairing was presented during a specific point of a particular kind of brainwave, the participants would be able to answer questions about the words after they woke up. For instance, the participants would be asked to determine whether a particular fake word would fit inside of a shoebox. "Tofer," which was paired with the word "house," cannot fit inside a shoebox, but the made-up word "aryl," having been paired with "cork," can. Brain scans taken during these tests showed similar neural activity as someone who's learned a new vocabulary word. But if you're planning a trip overseas, you should still probably stay awake while studying the language. The participants didn't retain anything as complex as a new language, just some made up vocab. Even so, this research shrugs off old assumptions about the brain and shows just how dynamic a system we're housing inside our skulls. READ MORE: New Study Says We Can Prime Our Brains to Learn While We Sleep [Discover Magazine] More on sleepy neuroscience: Our Brains Can Make Decisions While We're Sleeping Share This Article 
Military contractor Boeing announced Wednesday that it is developing an autonomous fighter jet plane that it plans to sell to customers around the world. The company plans to fly the pilot-free plane, dubbed the Boeing Airpower Teaming System, sometime in 2020. While the company says it can design the plane according to a given customers needs, the autonomous jet may be particularly well-suited for long-distance surveillance missions that a human pilot may not be able to perform, according to Reuters. Though Boeing declined to share its new plane's top speed with Reuters, an autonomous vehicle would feasibly be able to travel faster and farther than a human pilot's physiology would allow, opening the door to new types of missions. "To bring that extra component and the advantage of unmanned capability, you can accept a higher level of risk," Shane Arnott, director of Boeing research, told Reuters. Though Boeing has close ties with the U.S. military, the company reportedly plans to sell its autonomous jet to customers world-wide. The U.S. Air Force has already discussed plans to complement crewed jets with autonomous systems, Reuters reports, but other countries would be able to use the Boeing Airpower Teaming System in other ways as well. "We didn't design this as a point solution but a very flexible solution that we could outfit with payloads, sensors, different mission sets to complement whatever their fleet is," Kristin Robertson, VP of Boeing Autonomous Systems, told Reuters. "Don't think of it as a specific product that is tailored to do only one mission." READ MORE: Boeing unveils unmanned combat jet developed in Australia [Reuters] More on autonomous vehicles: The UK Is Developing Autonomous Killer Robots Share This Article 
The idea of a hyperloop may have originated in Silicon Valley, but it's coming to life in France. In 2013, tech CEO Elon Musk unveiled plans for a transportation system he dubbed a "hyperloop," in which capsules travel at enormous speeds through a low-pressure tube. Hyperloop Transportation Technologies (HyperloopTT) is one of several companies now building out such a system, and on Tuesday, it shared images of the full-scale hyperloop test track it's building in Toulouse, France — an important milestone on the path to a functioning hyperloop. According to a CNBC report, HyperloopTT's hyperloop test track is 320 meters (1,049 feet) long, and the company plans to use it to test the passenger pod it unveiled in October. Those tests won't kick off until April, though, as the track isn't actually complete just yet — HyperloopTT told CNBC it still needs to install a "proprietary vacuum pump system," but that construction should wrap up in the "coming weeks." Work-in-progress or not, HyperloopTT CEO Dirk Ahlborn expressed confidence in his company's system. "In Toulouse, we have taken the time to design and build a truly commercially viable system," he told CNBC. "As we get ready for testing, we are proud to share our most recent milestones at our R&D (research and development) center in Europe's 'Aerospace Valley' which will serve as our staging ground for our efforts worldwide." READ MORE: Hyperloop Firm Unveils First Images of Its New Test Track in Toulouse [CNBC] More on HyperloopTT: The First Full-Scale Hyperloop Passenger Capsule Has Arrived Share This Article 
The U.S. military is developing technology that would use a smartphone's built-in sensors to recognize how you walk or other subtle biofeedback. In about two months, the Department of Defense will finish testing a system that will sign people into their smartphones if the phone recognizes them based on their gait, typing patterns, grip, or other physical characteristics that the phone's hardware can pick up, according to The Washington Post. If all goes well, the technology could roll out to most U.S. phones within the next two years. "Our focus from the start was something usable at the commercial level," Steven Wallace, a scientist at the Pentagon's Defense Information Systems Agency told Post. Wallace cited past developments, like the GPS and the internet, that started as military research projects and then spread out to the rest of society. "I’m not going to say that we're going to create something that’s as broad and as grand as GPS or the Internet, but there's a history of the department working on things and those things ending up in consumer devices," Wallace told the Post. The tech under development at the Pentagon is different from China's gait-based surveillance system. Instead of monitoring people, it's supposed to add an extra, low-cost layer of security to government officials' phones. If a phone detects that too many different things — how a user walks, how they grab their phone out of their pocket or bag, how they hold it while they type — are different from normal, then it will lock. That way, people can still use their phone like normal, but someone else won't be able to pick it up and see personal information if the phone ever gets left behind. READ MORE: The Cybersecurity 202: Your phone could soon recognize you based on how you move or walk [The Washington Post] More on cybersecurity: Secret UAE Spy Team Used "Cyber Super-Weapon" to Hack any iPhone Share This Article 
Cosmologists have a new guess about why the universe is expanding outward faster than data says it ought to. The hypothesis, according to research first shared on the preprint server ArXiv in November, goes as follows: When the universe was just a mere 100,000 years old, a mysterious energy field that scientists are calling "early dark energy" formed, rapidly pushing the still-forming cosmos outward even faster than before. Another 100,000 years after that, the research suggests, the strange energy field faded away — and left the young, accelerated universe to its own devices. This new proposal is one of several intended to solve the discrepancy between the calculated rate of the universe's expansion and actual observations of the cosmos as they rocket outward away from us, according to The New York Times. Right now, the observable universe is expanding 9 percent faster than calculations suggest it did at the beginning of time. Scientists currently operate under the assumption that a mysterious force called dark energy drives the universe's expansion. The periodic appearance of energy fields akin to "early dark energy" could explain the various periods of increased acceleration in the history of the universe, reports the NYT. In fact, it could explain them well enough to account for the entire discrepancy between astronomers' calculations and their observations. "Maybe the universe does this from time-to-time?" Adam Riess, a Johns Hopkins University scientist who is also working to consolidate that discrepancy but didn't contribute to the new research, told the NYT. He added that it's "not the first time the universe has been expanding too fast." Other explanations for the up-and-down acceleration of the universe's growth rate would mean introducing yet-undiscovered types of subatomic particles or simply poring back over previous calculations to look for errors, reports the NYT. And while finding that some scientist made some error along the way would be more pragmatic, the ideas that involve previously-unexplored aspects of physics, like early dark energy fields or new kinds of particles, are gaining ground. "I was surprised how it came out," Marc Kamionkowski, a Johns Hopkins cosmologist who was part of the study, told the NYT. "This works." READ MORE: Have Dark Forces Been Messing With the Cosmos? [The New York Times] More on dark energy: New Theory: The Universe is a Bubble, Inflated by Dark Energy Share This Article 
After finding problems with its sensitive "star tracker" navigation system, the Israeli lunar lander Beresheet ran into another serious glitch after its first maneuver: engineers at Israeli space organization SpaceIL found that the on-board computer rebooted unexpectedly, Haaretz reports. The 1,290 pound lander deployed from a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket last week. Shortly afterward, it sent its first signals back to Earth as part of a first round of in-orbit tests. The on-board computer was supposed to control a three minute engine fire that would take the lander farther away from Earth on its months-long trip to the Moon. But then something unexpected happened. "At this stage, the spacecraft’s computer conducted an independent reset, so the maneuver was cancelled," SpaceIL CEO Ido Anteby said in a press conference call, as quoted by Haaretz. Beresheet will fly in a massive elliptical spiral around the Earth, slowly easing into the Moon's gravitational pull. Landing on the moon is scheduled for early April. The computer reboot means that Beresheet didn't move itself further away from Earth — it's not yet clear how much of a setback this will be for the team or how far the missing maneuver will postpone the eventual Moon landing. According to the team of engineers, orbital maneuver plans allowed for a couple of days of delays, so it might still land on the lunar surface on schedule. Engineers are still hoping to catch up with the maneuver once they figure out what the cause of the reboot was. If all still goes according to plan, SpaceIL's lunar lander could become the first commercial spacecraft to land on the Moon. READ MORE:   A Bumpy Ride to the Moon: Israeli Spacecraft Hits Technical Snag [Haaretz] More on the Israeli lander: SpaceX Just Launched the First Commercial Lunar Lander, Ever Share This Article 
New analysis of 40 years' worth of satellite data shows that it's a near-certainty that humanity is actively causing global climate change. Climate deniers often claim, in the face of overwhelming evidence, that the planet is heating up and natural disasters are becoming more intense and common just because that's the way it is — incorrectly insisting that humanity's love affair with fossil fuels has nothing to do with it. Now, scientists say the chances that that's true are just one in a million. According to the research by scientists at California's Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, that's because climate data has now reached a so-called "gold standard" of scientific evidence — there's only a one in a million chance that ongoing climate change could have been caused by anything other than humanity, reports Reuters. "The narrative out there that scientists don’t know the cause of climate change is wrong," Benjamin Santer, the scientist who led the research, told Reuters. "We do." The scientific research process almost never eradicates uncertainty: researchers test their hypotheses to get a better understanding of the world, but there's almost always some other factor out there that could have impacted their findings. In other words, a gold standard is not something that's taken lightly. The new analysis looked at the three largest satellite data sets used by climate scientists. It shows that two of those data sets reached the gold standard of certainty that humanity causes climate change back in 2005, and the third did in 2016. That level of certainty, highly uncommon in scientific research, makes humanity's impact on the planet very clear. And now we have to figure out what to do about it. "Humanity cannot afford to ignore such clear signals," reads the analysis. READ MORE: Evidence for man-made global warming hits 'gold standard': scientists [Reuters] More on climate change: Climate Change Is Eliminating Clouds. Without Them, Earth Burns Share This Article 
Virgin Galactic's VSS Unity space plane made its way into space for the second time during its fifth test flight on Feb. 22. And last week, Virgin Galactic released some incredible high-definition footage of the moment its space plane, SpaceShipTwo, was released from mothership WhiteKnightTwo. WhiteKnightTwo carried the rocket plane up to an altitude of 44,000 feet before it took off on its own to reach a new record altitude of 55.85 miles (89.9km). After being released, VSS Unity can be seen adjusting course and rocketing straight into space. Pilots officially receive the United States Astronaut Badge, awarded by the Air Force, by flying at an altitude higher than 50 miles (80 km). "Welcome to the club, astronauts," one of the ground controllers can be heard saying. "Thanks, base," replies one of the pilots on board. "Thanks, I like this club," says the second pilot. Also on board was the first ever woman to enter space on a U.S. commercial vehicle, chief astronaut instructor Beth Moses. The video can also be seen as a preview of what's to come for those who want to experience partial weightlessness for a mere $250,000 — that's what it'll cost once Virgin Galactic starts offering tickets for one of the six passenger seats on board the SpaceShipTwo in the coming years. READ MORE: Amazing Virgin Galactic Launch Video Shows Black Sky, Blue Earth [Space.com] More on Virgin Galactic: Virgin Galactic's Space Plane Soars to New Heights Share This Article 
According to documents filed yesterday in the Southern District of New York, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is asking a federal judge to hold Tesla CEO Elon Musk in contempt for a recent tweet, The Verge reports. The tweet in question: Last week, Musk said that Tesla was going to produce half a million cars in 2019. In a follow up posted roughly four and half hours later, Musk corrected himself, tweeting that he meant the "annualized production rate at the end of 2019" while total production is closer to 400,000 cars. Meant to say annualized production rate at end of 2019 probably around 500k, ie 10k cars/week. Deliveries for year still estimated to be about 400k. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 20, 2019  The news comes after Musk was sued by the SEC in late September 2018 for tweeting that he planned to take Tesla private at $420 per share in August. Tesla ended up settling with the SEC in October, agreeing that Musk would step down as Tesla chairman for at least three years and that his tweets would be monitored. But that monitoring system seems to have faltered. After SEC filed the documents yesterday, Musk followed up in a tweet: "SEC forgot to read Tesla earnings transcript, which clearly states 350k to 500k. How embarrassing..." It's not yet clear if Musk actually violated the agreement between Tesla and the SEC. The Verge suggested that Musk will likely be fined. Musk's opinion is clear on the matter. In a response on Twitter, he argued that Musk's Feb. 19 tweet didn't move markets. "This has now happened several times. Something is broken with SEC oversight." Shares of Tesla were down nearly 2.5 percent in premarket trading today, CNBC reports. READ MORE: Elon Musk might be held in contempt of court over a Tesla tweet [The Verge] More on Tesla: Report: In Fatal Crash, Door Handles Fail on Burning Tesla Share This Article 
A man died after crashing a 2016 Tesla Model S into a tree in Miami, Florida yesterday afternoon, according to local news. The car reportedly swerved through multiple lanes of traffic before hitting a median and some trees and bursting into flames — and the death may have been related to the electric carmaker's iconic pop-out door handles malfunctioning after the wreck. "Efforts to extract the driver were unsuccessful," local police sergeant Mark Leone said in a statement Monday morning, as quoted by the Sun Sentinel. WATCH: A @Tesla crashes into a tree and bursts into flames in Davie on Flamingo Rd. Unfortunately the driver died on scene according to Davie Fire Rescue. We have @SanelaWPLG on scene working the story.  (🎥 via Daniel Dobb) pic.twitter.com/uJCKjWOPJx — Marcine Joseph (@MJ_Reports) February 24, 2019  Electrek reports that witnesses say the door handles of the vehicle did not open and that the numerous airbags didn't deflate. "We were there," Misty Lea Thomas, alleged witness of the accident, tweeted last night. "My husband tried to break the back window out. The airbags didn’t deflate after the crash and trapped the person inside." "We couldn’t even see inside the car because all of the bags filled the car," she wrote. "The doors couldn’t be opened." According to the Associated Press, a local police officer also tried to break the car's window, but couldn't get the driver out. "We are deeply saddened by this accident and our thoughts are with everyone affected by this tragedy," a Tesla spokesperson told Futurism. "We have reached out to the local authorities to offer our cooperation. We understand that speed is being investigated as a factor in this crash, and know that high speed collisions can result in a fire in any type of car, not just electric vehicles." Meanwhile, the car became increasingly engulfed in flames. "We have a problem where the car keeps catching fire because the battery pack itself hasn’t drained yet," Davie Fire Rescue Battalion Chief Robert Diferdinando told the Sun Sentinel. "We’ve been in touch with their [Tesla’s] South Florida division," he said, and the company is "giving us helpful tips and information. Right now, we’re doing literally what Tesla wants us to to." Editor's note: This story has been updated with a comment from a Tesla spokesperson. READ MORE: Tesla driver dies in burning car after crash, witness says door handles wouldn’t work [electrek] More on Tesla: Teslas Will Be Fully Self-Driving By Next Year Share This Article 
In addition to trapping heat, new research suggests that greenhouse gases are eliminating the sky's clouds — which could drastically speed up the pace of global warming over the coming century. As carbon accumulates in the atmosphere, it breaks up the low-hanging stratocumulus clouds that help cool the planet. With those clouds out of the way, the planet could experience a rapid, global temperature increase of a catastrophic 14 degrees Fahrenheit, according to research published Monday in the journal Nature Geoscience. Scientists have long been collecting fragments of an understanding of how climate change affects cloud cover and vice versa, but this new research fills in the gaps. "This research points to a blind spot in climate modeling," Tapio Schneider, the project's lead researcher who works at California Institute of Technology and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said in a university-published press release. Specifically, the new supercomputer calculations found that once atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations reach about 1,200 parts per million (PPM), the clouds will vanish and the world will rapidly heat up, mirroring a historic mass extinction event from 56 million years ago, writes Quanta Magazine's Natalie Wolchover. We're currently at around 410 PPM, but based on the world's ongoing dependence on fossil fuels, our atmosphere may reach the 1,200 PPM threshold before the end of the century. Just in case there weren't enough reasons to move away from fossil fuels, bear in mind that the last time the stratocumulus cloud went away, the entire planet experienced mass extinctions. A 14-degree temperature increase would render areas near the equator all but uninhabitable, and alligators would be able to comfortably swim in the Arctic Ocean, according to Quanta. If the global temperature rises just four degrees, enough to further limit the amount of clouds that form around the world, it would spell "the destruction of the world's coral reefs, massive loss of animal species, and catastrophic extreme weather events," in addition to "meters of sea-level rise that would challenge our capacity for adaptation," climate scientist Michael Mann told Quanta. "It would mean the end of human civilization in its current form," he said. READ MORE: A World Without Clouds [Quanta Magazine] More on climate change: Terrifying App Shows How Climate Change Will Transform 540 Cities Share This Article 
Elon Musk's Boring Company is hitting a lot of roadblocks in its quest to connect downtown Chicago with O'Hare International Airport, The Verge reports. The tunnel-digging venture's plans to dig a pair of 18 mile (29 km) tunnels for just $1 billion is on shaky ground. The concept has been met with ridicule and a ton of red tape — and it even got sucked in to corruption scandals. Now, Chicago's mayoral election this Tuesday could spell disaster for the project. Chicago's mayoral election is on Tuesday and almost all the 14 candidates are either "against or ambivalent to the O'Hare Express plan," according to The Verge. "I’d kill it," former Chicago Public Schools head and mayoral candidate Paul Vallas told the Chicago Tribune earlier this month. "I can’t wait to kill it." Outgoing mayor Rahm Emanuel — who's not seeking re-election — and Musk held a joint press conference back in June. Back then, Emanuel was very hopeful of the project. "This transformative project will help Chicago write the next chapter in our legacy of innovation and invention," he said in a tweet. But those times are over. "To me, it was always a pipe dream, a flight of fancy. But my opinion of it has gotten even worse since I’ve been reading all of these details in the media, a lot of stories that paint a lot of doubt on [Musk’s] ability to deliver this thing," Chicago's 35th Ward municipal council member Carlos Ramirez-Rosa told The Verge. Ramirez-Rosa's constituents live in the path of the suggested tunnels. "If you look at Elon Musk’s career — he comes off as a grifter," he said. In other words, the future of the Boring Company's project is on very thin ice. There's one glimmer of hope: mayoral candidate Bill Daley, who has sided with Emanuel in the past. But even he is still not entirely sold on the project according to The Verge. READ MORE: Elon Musk’s Chicago tunnel project is on shaky political ground [The Verge] More on the Boring Company: Elon Musk Just Offered to Drill a Hole Through An Australian Mountain Share This Article 
American electric car manufacturers just got a powerful vote of confidence. With tax credits for buying an electric vehicle going away and some of America's most powerful corporations working hand-in-hand with the fossil fuel industry, it may be hard to fathom electric cars ever overtaking their gas-guzzling counterparts. But in billionaire investor Warren Buffett's opinion, a proliferation of electric cars is almost inevitable. "I think you're gonna have a lot of people pushing electric cars in the United States, even if the subsidy is going away," Buffett said during an interview with CNBC's Joe Kernan. "I think electric cars are very much in America's future, much sooner than autonomous driving." When it comes to how to get to that future, Buffett thinks that American automakers will innovate all on their own — he told CNBC that letting the market run itself without government assistance would get us there faster. "I think there's a pretty concerted industry effort, from what I hear," Buffett said. "I think we're going in that direction, and I think you'll see American companies quite aggressive in that field." Buffett acknowledged and celebrated China's massive push for ecologically-friendly technology like electric cars during the interview, but maintained that government subsidies won't be necessary Stateside. Rather, he told CNBC that he thinks that car manufacturers will shift to electric of their own accord. "I'm all for the Chinese doing what they're doing in terms of the planet," Buffett said. "It’s a good thing, so I cheer 'em for doing it. I don't think we'll need to do it in the United States." READ MORE: Warren Buffett: Electric cars are in America's future [CNBC] More on electric vehicles: California Is Installing Chargers for a Type of Electric Car That Doesn't Exist Yet Share This Article 
The U.S. military may be honing in on one of the most sought-after discoveries in physics. On Thursday, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office made public a Navy scientist's patent application for a room-temperature superconductor — and if the device works as described, it could radically change everything from transportation to computing. Plenty of materials conduct electricity — copper, steel, water — but each introduces some level of resistance, meaning you lose a bit of the energy as it moves from point A to point B. Some materials can become "superconductors," meaning they don't lose any energy during the transmission process, but only if cooled to very low temperatures. The "warmest" superconductor still can't work above -70 degrees Celsius (-95 degrees Fahrenheit), and that's not very useful for practical applications. Researchers have been on the hunt for a superconductor that would work at around room temperature, which they consider to be 25 degrees Celsius (77 degrees Fahrenheit) — and according to the patent application, Navy researcher Salvatore Cezar Pais thinks he's figured it out. Pais' application describes a wire consisting of a metal coating over an insulator core. An electromagnetic coil surrounds the wire, and when activated by a pulsed current, this coil causes a vibration that allows the wire to act as a superconductor at room temperature, according to the application. This isn't the first time someone has claimed to have created a room-temperature superconductor, and thus far, none of those claims have panned out. Still, this is a technology well worth pursuing. Superconductors could also pave the way for "almost lossless storage" of energy, meaning we wouldn't have to worry about the degradation that plagues today's batteries. We could move electricity from a renewable energy farm on one side of a continent to another without losing any energy in the process. A room-temperature superconductor could accelerate the advent of quantum computers, which could lead to breakthroughs in everything from artificial intelligence to healthcare. There's also the possibility we could the technology to build magnetic levitation trains. Ultimately, even if Pais' application doesn't foreshadow the future of energy, you can be sure researchers won't give up the hunt for a room-temperature superconductor any time soon. READ MORE: Navy Files for Patent on Room-Temperature Superconductor [Phys.org] More on superconductors: Graphene Could Be the Superconductor Scientists Always Dreamed Of Share This Article 
Right now, a backup copy of humanity's collective knowledge is on its way to the surface of the Moon. The lander was built by the Israeli startup SpaceIL. It's carrying a high-tech disc containing 25,000 books, a full copy of Wikipedia, and information on understanding Earthly languages — the equivalent, all told, of a 30 million-page tome. Once it's there, the archive — dubbed the Lunar Library — is supposed to sit on the Moon for billions of years, preserving humanity's knowledge and history long after we're gone, according to CNET. The archive, in the form of a specialized disc, hitched a ride during a SpaceX Falcon 9 launch on Thursday. A test version flew alongside that Tesla Roadster that Elon Musk launched into space, according to CNET. "The idea is to place enough backups in enough places around the solar system, on an ongoing basis, that our precious knowledge and biological heritage can never be lost," Nova Spivack, co-founder of the Arch Mission Foundation, which is the organization that made the Lunar Library, told CNET. Now, should humanity fail to prevent climate change, or should any other end-of-days scenario occur, the knowledge and accomplishments of the world can carry on without us. Presumably, any future civilizations would just have to figure out space travel — and somehow locate one of the Arch Mission's data caches — to access the archive. "While I am optimistic that humanity will rise to the challenge and develop a multinational planetary defense initiative to mitigate these planetary risks, it is also prudent to have a plan B," Spivack said. "Instead of one backup in one place our strategy is 'many copies, many places' — and we plan to send updates on a regular basis." READ MORE: Thirty-million-page backup of humanity headed to moon aboard Israeli lander [CNET] More on the Lunar Library: A Nonprofit Plans to Store Human Knowledge in DNA and Store it on the Moon Share This Article 
Russian weapons manufacturer Kalashnikov, maker of the ubiquitous AK-47 assault rifle, has unveiled a tiny drone that's meant to destroy remote ground targets from a distance of up to 40 miles (64 km) away — by blowing itself up like a suicide bomber. The "high-precision attack unmanned aerial system" dubbed KUB-UAV in a press release, was revealed earlier this month at the International Defence Exhibition & Conference (IDEX), a major defense exhibition in the United Arab Emirates — and it could foretell the terrifying future of warfare. "This is a very accurate and most effective weapon that is very difficult to fight with using traditional air defense systems," said Sergey Chemezov, CEO of Kalashnikov's state-owned parent company Rostec, in the press release as interpreted by Google Translate. The drone can reach speeds of up to 80 mph (130 km/h) and stay in the air for up to 30 minutes. The system could give troops on the ground a number of major advantages: the KUB-UAV is almost completely silent, and can carry up to 6.6 pounds (3 kg) of explosives. The drone will also be sold at a relatively low price. To some, that means a new era of warfare. "I think of it as democratizing smart bombs," Nicholas Grossman, a professor of international relations at the University of Illinois, told the Washington Post. The concept is also a big deal because of Kalashnikov's stature in the world of military weaponry: its iconic AK-47 has been around since 1949 and is still in active use across the world today. It's not the first time the idea has cropped up. The Islamic State has been attaching explosives to commercial drones for a number of years now. In one instance, dozens of drones equipped with explosives and GPS attacked Russian troops in Syria last year. How Kalashnikov's new suicide drone will fit into the rules of conventional warfare remains unclear. READ MORE: The Kalashnikov assault rifle changed the world. Now there’s a Kalashnikov kamikaze drone. [Washington Post] More on drone warfare: New Warfare Drones are Small as a Quadcopter Share This Article 
More than fifty employees at Microsoft signed a letter this week calling for the company to cancel a military contract that would supply U.S. Army soldiers with HoloLens augmented reality headsets. The letter titled "HoloLens for Good, Not War" states that the headset "will be deployed on the battlefield, and works by turning warfare into a simulated 'video game,' further distancing soldiers from the grim stakes of war and the reality of bloodshed." In November, Microsoft signed a $479 million contract with the Army with plans to supply them with more than 100,000 specialized HoloLens headsets as part of a broader plan to develop an "Integrated Visual Augmentation System" (IVAS). Their demands are for Microsoft to cancel the IVAS contract, "cease developing any and all weapons technologies," and appoint an "external ethics review board." The military is planning to use Microsoft’s augmented reality goggles to “increase lethality by enhancing the ability to detect, decide and engage before the enemy,” according to a government description of the program as quoted by Bloomberg in November. It's not the first time workers of a major tech corporation have demanded their employers to cut ties with the military. Last year, thousands of Google employees circulated a letter demanding CEO Sundar Pichai to pull out of a Pentagon project called Project Maven, a surveillance drone initiative for the U.S. military. This week's letter is testament to the tech sector taking a stronger stance on their employers doing business with the military. "As employees and shareholders we do not want to become war profiteers," reads the letter. READ MORE: Microsoft workers protest use of HoloLens headsets for war [Associated Press] More on the Microsoft contract: U.S. Soldiers to Wear Microsoft AR Goggles During Combat Missions Share This Article 
All  systems are go. SpaceX's Crew Dragon passenger spacecraft is launching atop a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral in Florida on March 2 — but with only a spacesuit-wearing dummy on board. It will then attempt to autonomously dock with the International Space Station after reaching orbit early Sunday morning. NASA and SpaceX officially decided to proceed with plans yesterday for the first ever test flight, dubbed Demo-1 (or DM-1), of SpaceX's Crew Dragon passenger spacecraft. SpaceX's Crew Dragon went vertical for the first time earlier this year at Cape Canaveral, readying itself for the test launch. Demo-1 was originally planned to take place on January 17. SpaceX successfully test fired the Falcon 9 rocket that will hopefully launch Crew Dragon to space on January 25. If all goes according to plan, SpaceX could make history by sending astronauts to space from American soil for the first time since the Space Shuttle’s last trip back in 2011. Since then, NASA has been relying on the use of Russian Soyuz spacecraft to ferry astronauts to and from the International Space Station. The Crew Dragon capsule can seat up to seven astronauts. One giant screen takes care of almost all control features of the futuristic spacecraft. The dummy that will fly on board the Dragon during Demo-1 is outfitted with a number of sensors to collect vital data during launch. "I fully expect we're going to learn something on this flight," Bill Gerstenmaier, associate administrator for NASA Human Exploration and Operations, said during a news conference yesterday. "I guarantee that everything will not work exactly right, and that's cool — that's exactly what we want to do." READ MORE: NASA gives SpaceX the okay to launch new passenger spacecraft on uncrewed test flight [The Verge] More on Crew Dragon: SpaceX Just Test Fired the Rocket That’ll Launch Its Crew Dragon Share This Article 
Advocates of self-driving cars argue that by taking error-prone humans off the streets, there'll be fewer accidents and less traffic. But a new study shows that that may not actually be the case, as roads full of autonomous vehicles could worsen road congestion and increase inequality in large cities. The research, conducted by a nonprofit organization called the Union of Concerned Scientists, focused specifically on the impact autonomous vehicles might have on the Washington D.C. area. Ultimately, the research suggests that introducing autonomous vehicles to the area would increase traffic by 66 percent, and that the added congestion would likely benefit the wealthy and take opportunities away from low-income communities. "One way or another, this technology is coming. These cars are already being tested in cities," Richard Ezike, the lead author of the study, said in an organization-published press release. "If we do not plan and set out thoughtful policies, driverless cars could exacerbate the challenges we see in transportation today — especially for underserved communities." The researchers argue that cities that introduce autonomous vehicles should also invest in public transit, to make sure that those who have longer commutes and would get stuck in the newly-introduced congestion can still find and make it to their jobs. The report also suggested imposing a fine for any single-passenger autonomous vehicle trips to encourage carpooling and cut back on how many new vehicles will fill the streets. "We need to think carefully about how we will integrate automated vehicles into our daily lives," said Ezike. "We need to prioritize people, not vehicles, and craft strong policies to incentivize drivers and ride-sharing companies to use these vehicles in a way that reduces congestion, cuts emissions and promotes equitable access." READ MORE: Self-Driving Vehicles Could Worsen Inequity in the DC Area—Unless We Act Now [Union of Concerned Scientists Newsroom] More on transportation: It’s Not Uber’s Fault That NYC’s Public Transportation Sucks Share This Article 
The sad report that the Opportunity Mars rover had died was accompanied by a bit of exciting news last week: NASA thinks it's close to discovering alien life. During a ceremony announcing Opportunity's death, NASA chief Jim Bridenstine shared an update on the agency's Mars 2020 mission, which will hunt for signs of alien life on the Red Planet. "We're going to be able to look at samples and determine if there's a biosignature in there," he said, according to Space.com. "The goal is to discover life on another world; that's what we're trying to achieve. And because of so many great people in this room, friends, we are well on our way to doing that." Bridenstine isn't the only NASA administrator that believes in the existence of extraterrestrial life. Earlier this month, Thomas Zurbuchen, the associate administrator for NASA’s Science Mission directorate, said he thought it was likely that life exists beyond Earth. As for where we might find it, NASA isn't pinning all of its hopes on Mars. The agency is considering missions to two other potentially life-supporting bodies: Saturn's moon Titan and Jupiter's moon Europa. READ MORE: We're 'Well on Our Way' to Discovering Alien Life, NASA Chief Says [Space.com] More on aliens: NASA Administrator: Alien Life Is More Likely Than We Thought Share This Article 
Facebook's massive stash of user data allows advertisers to target their ideal customers with specially-crafted messages. However, several investigations have found that Facebook helps advertisers target specific unsavory demographics, including literal neo-Nazis, according to The Los Angeles Times. In a recent attempt to test Facebook's advertising service, the LA Times found that it could pay just $25 to advertise to thousands of Facebook users interested in Nazi leaders Joseph Goebbels, Heinrich Himmler, and Josef Mengele, as well as fans of Nazi music. Every time Facebook is caught in another advertising scandal — like when Pro Publica found in 2017 that Facebook let advertisers target "Jew haters," when The Intercept found in 2018 that Facebook let advertisers target "white genocide" conspiracy theorists, and this new development by the LA Times — the massive corporation offers a weak acknowledgment that such things shouldn't happen. "Most of these targeting options are against our policies and should have been caught and removed sooner," Facebook spokesman Joe Osborne told The LA Times. "While we have an ongoing review of our targeting options, we clearly need to do more, so we’re taking a broader look at our policies and detection methods." Meanwhile, Facebook raked in $55 billion from advertising sales in 2018, according to the LA Times. In August, Facebook announced that it was deleting over 5,000 audience categories to prevent abuse or inappropriate uses of its advertising services. The LA Times reports that Facebook has maintained since 2017 that human employees review every single advertising category on the site. Apparently, literal Nazis somehow managed to make the cut. READ MORE: Facebook decided which users are interested in Nazis — and let advertisers target them directly [The Los Angeles Times] More on Facebook: Mark Zuckerberg Insists That Facebook Promotes Privacy Share This Article 
Virgin Galactic's supersonic space plane, the VSS Unity, took off on its fifth test flight today. Mothership WhiteKnightTwo released the suborbital space plane at around 44,000 feet — and VSS Unity reached a new maximum altitude of 55.85 miles (89.9km.) The second generation SpaceShipTwo, dubbed VSS Unity, reached an altitude of 51.4 miles (82.7  km) during its fourth test flight in December 2018. This time, the space plane traveled with a much heavier payload — close to full commercial weight — and a third crew member, Beth Moses, the first woman to enter space on a commercial US spacecraft. Congratulations to our Chief Astronaut Instructor, Beth Moses / @VGChiefTrainer. Today, you became the 571st human to travel into space. pic.twitter.com/0Zn7iTfOe9 — Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) February 22, 2019  "Although we passed a major milestone in December, we still have a way to go in testing the many factors that can affect a flight," reads a press release. "So, for this flight, we will be expanding the envelope to gather new and vital data essential to future tests and operations, including vehicle center of gravity." Take a look at the flight path our SpaceShipTwo will take during our fifth supersonic powered test flight. The flight window opens again tomorrow. More info on our flight test program can be found here https://t.co/FPuuC0NHoM pic.twitter.com/riEiledjo6 — Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) February 21, 2019  Virgin Galactic is developing the SpaceShipTwo platform to be part of its space tourism fleet, giving those who can afford a ticket — $250,000 isn't cheap — a taste of micro-gravity. But it's not quite a ride to the International Space Station — that'd require it to fly to more than four times its current maximum altitude. READ MORE: SpaceShipTwo, VSS Unity, Prepares For Fifth Supersonic Powered Test Flight [Virgin Galactic] More on SpaceShipTwo: Did Virgin Galactic’s Spaceplane Reach Space? Depends Who You Ask Share This Article 
The senators and representatives who support or have co-sponsored the Green New Deal, the ambitious package of proposals to combat global climate change, have received far less money from the fossil fuel industry than their opponents, according to HuffPost. The clear divide between legislators who've received large donations from oil, gas, and coal companies and those who haven't shows that, as far as U.S. leaders are concerned, cash is still king. The 12 senators who have agreed to co-sponsor the Green New Deal have taken a total of $1.1 million worth of fossil fuel campaign contributions over the course of their careers. The remaining 88 senators have taken a combined $59 million, according to HuffPost, which comes out to an average of 7.3 times as much money per lawmaker. That doesn't mean that the proposal's supporters are off the hook — co-sponsoring senator Ron Wyden leads the pack with a total of over $290,000 of accepted fossil fuel industry donations. However, he and Bernie Sanders, who accepted the fourth-most fossil fuel donations among co-sponsors over his career, have both rejected such donations over the past two years, according to HuffPost. The split over support for the Green New Deal — and accepting the fossil fuel industry's money, is most clear among party lines — with the vast majority of oil, gas and coal donations going to Republicans. "The Green New Deal shows the level of ambition that climate and energy policy could have if Big Oil, Gas, and Coal’s grip on Washington were weakened," David Turnbull, a spokesman for Oil Change USA, told HuffPost. "The cosponsors of the Green New Deal have by and large bucked the influence of the out-of-control fossil fuel industry, and that shows in their willingness to stand up for bold climate solutions like what we see in the Green New Deal resolutions." READ MORE: Senators Not Backing Green New Deal Received On Average 7 Times As Much Fossil Fuel Cash [HuffPost] More on the Green New Deal: Here’s What AOC’s Friends and Enemies Are Saying About the “Green New Deal” Share This Article 
He Jiankui, the Chinese scientist who edited the genome of a human embryo that eventually developed into a pair of living twins, justified his work by publishing a set of ethical guidelines for how genetic researchers can move their field forward. Now those guidelines have been retracted by The CRISPR Journal — because He failed to disclose his many conflicts of interest on the matter, according to Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News. News broke of He's controversial research in late November, right around when The CRISPR Journal decided to publish his article on genetic ethics. He's article focused on how researchers could respect the autonomy of research participants and genetically-edited children, and urged scientists to focus on curing or preventing disease rather than vanity projects that might focus more on altering a child's appearance. "We decided to publish this commentary after peer review in expedited fashion because we felt it added an unusual and interesting viewpoint from a Chinese research team, in contrast to the dozens of official guidelines and reports grappling with germline editing issued over the past few years," Kevin Davies, executive editor of The CRISPR Journal, told GEN. But when it came to He's own research, it later emerged that he forged his way through the ethical review process and edited a human embryo in such a way that may cause unforeseen side effects — including, potentially, augmented intelligence. All of that aside, the reason He's article was retracted is because the scientist didn't fully disclose his many conflicts of interest — including his own gene-editing research or its funding sources. "The authors intentionally hid from us the fact that they were conducting clinical research on germline editing, and that babies had been born," Rodolphe Barrangou, The CRISPR Journal's chief editor, told GEN. "We could not let that breach of trust stand." READ MORE: He Jiankui’s Germline Editing Ethics Article Retracted by The CRISPR Journal [Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News] More on He Jiankui: Scientist Who Gene-Hacked Babies “Likely” Boosted Their Brainpower Share This Article 
"It's real," says Andrew Ochoa, CEO and founder of the New York City-based company Waverly Labs, which claims to be the first to pioneer an in-ear language translator that is capable of rendering human speech in real-time. They're calling it the Pilot, and the "smart earpiece" could soon be in users' hands. The technology makes use of an embedded app that does the translating, which is delivered to the earpiece that is shared by two people. The Pilot is also supposed to come with an additional earpiece for wireless streaming music and an app that allows people to toggle between languages. In their video and blog post, Ochoa says that he was driven to fulfill the idea of real-time translation after, apparently, meeting a French girl (whom we should probably thank). The company intends to develop support for European and Germanic languages first, but the Slavic Semitic, Hindi, and East Asian languages are not too far behind. Through a crowdfunding campaign, the Pilot will be available at $410 by next year. But if you're already too excited, they have an early-bird special right up on their webpage. Share This Article 
Japanese spacecraft Hayabusa2 touched down on the surface of Ryugu Friday — a kilometer-wide asteroid with an orbit that periodically brings it close to Earth as it circles the Sun. And the probe has already completed the first big step of its primary mission: collect tiny rock samples to send home. Congratulations on your successful touchdown, @haya2_jaxa! We're excitedly waiting for the telemetry and confirmation of sample collection. pic.twitter.com/iBeQHZxPsc — NASA's OSIRIS-REx (@OSIRISREx) February 21, 2019  Upon landing, Hayabusa2 fired a metal bullet into the rock and scooped up some samples using its on-board "sampling horn." [TD1-L08E1] This is the navigation image received on 2/22 at around 5:30 JST. You can begin to see the shadow of the spacecraft. pic.twitter.com/P480UlwPqs — HAYABUSA2@JAXA (@haya2e_jaxa) February 21, 2019  There was a delay of several hours while the Earth-bound team waited for the spacecraft to resume communications after firing the bullet — the connection broke off when the spacecraft made contact. The surface of Ryugu was not what we expected. So our sampler team had to conduct an experiment to check we could still gather material from the asteroid surface when we attempt #haya2_TD touchdown this Friday!  https://t.co/bCzvW2gwSr pic.twitter.com/XxJXETKB6N — HAYABUSA2@JAXA (@haya2e_jaxa) February 18, 2019  It's not the first time the spacecraft has landed on Ryugu. It released two "hopping" rovers in September of last year for its first visit and a third rover on a second mission in October. Hayabusa2 will swoop in two more times to collect additional samples later this year. The second approach will hopefully roll out the same way today's mission did. On its third sample collection mission, the spacecraft will fire a copper projectile into Ryugu to collect samples from the subsurface. The collected samples will then return to Earth in a special return capsule at the end of next year. READ MORE: Japanese Spacecraft Successfully Snags Sample of Asteroid Ryugu [Space.com] More on Hayabusa2: A Japanese Spacecraft Is About to Shoot an Asteroid With a Bullet Share This Article 
When infamous Chinese scientist He Jiankui edited the genes of human twin babies last year, he was reportedly trying to make them immune to HIV. But researchers familiar with the genetic changes he made are now saying that the specific manipulation he performed may have broader consequences. The CCR5 gene is linked to HIV susceptibility, but research published Thursday in the journal Cell shows that it also enhances cognition in mouse studies. The gene can also facilitate a human's recovery after a stroke and may correlate with academic success, according to MIT Technology Review — meaning that the first two enhanced humans with genetically boosted cognition and memory may already be born. There's no direct evidence that He intended to do anything to twin babies Lulu and Nana's brain — though given his lofty goals for a future without HIV, it seems plausible that he would have also celebrated figuring out how to boost human intelligence. All the same, evidence gathered by MIT Tech Review suggests that He likely knew about the role CCR5 plays in the brain. "The answer is likely yes, it did affect their brains," Alcino Silva, a University of California, Los Angeles neuroscientist who worked on the new research, told MIT Tech. "The simplest interpretation is that those mutations will probably have an impact on cognitive function in the twins." Silva argues that He should not have conducted his research because there's no way to predict what effect it will have on Lulu and Nana's lives. “Could it be conceivable that at one point in the future we could increase the average IQ of the population? I would not be a scientist if I said no," Silva told MIT Tech. "The work in mice demonstrates the answer may be yes. But mice are not people. We simply don’t know what the consequences will be in mucking around. We are not ready for it yet." READ MORE: The CRISPR twins had their brains altered [MIT Technology Review] More on He Jiankui: Next Gene-Edited Baby Due in Six Months, Scientist Says Share This Article 
It's official: Israeli space company SpaceIL's lunar lander Beresheet just launched into space aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket this evening, from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX confirmed the successful deployment just after 9:30pm EST. If all goes well, the dishwasher-sized spacecraft will be the first private spacecraft to ever reach the lunar surface. SpaceIL is planning for the spacecraft, which is called the Beresheet, to land in April after slowly expanding its elliptical path around the Earth until it's close enough to the Moon. It will circle the Moon several times before making its way down to the surface. NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine congratulated the Israeli team. "This is a historic step for all nations and commercial space as we look to extend our collaborations beyond low-Earth orbit and on to the Moon," he said in a statement. On board the Beresheet is a time capsule filled with digital files including the Torah, the Israeli flag, a variety of national artwork — and a digital copy of the entirety of the English-language Wikipedia encyclopedia, according to the New York Times. Once Beresheet has completed its mission, it will not attempt to return to Earth. But it will map the Moon's magnetic field and take some snapshots using on-board scientific instruments. READ MORE: SpaceX Rocket Carries Israeli Lunar Lander Into Orbit [New York Times] More on the lander: First Private Lunar Lander Passes Launch Tests at SpaceX Facility Share This Article 
For autonomous vehicles that rely on smooth roads and clear signals, a broken traffic light could conceivably pose a major problem. To get around the problem of a missing green light, self-driving car company Waymo trained its vehicles' artificial intelligence to detect and respond to the arm movements of a traffic cop as they wave traffic through an intersection, according to CNET — and you can watch it on YouTube. Waymo first claimed that its autonomous vehicles could respond to hand signals from nearby cyclists back in 2016. That particular research treated cyclists, from the vehicle's perspective, as obstacles to track and avoid. A new video published by Waymo on Wednesday is the first that shows its vehicles responding to gesture commands — especially in the absence of the traffic lights on which it would normally rely — and obeying police orders. The video, which runs at three times normal speed, shows a picture-in-picture display of the car's digital perspective and a video camera as it goes through an intersection. The video shows the car approach the intersection where a virtual red wall blocks off the road, suggesting that the computer's software responds to the absence of a green light at an intersection the same way as it might to an illuminated red light. The cop in the video, represented by a small prism, teeters across the virtual representation of the intersection before finally waving the Waymo vehicle's vehicle through the intersection and along its way. READ MORE: Waymo self-driving cars can now respond to traffic cops' hand signals [CNET] More on Waymo: Expert Slams Waymo Safety Data: “They Obviously Do Not Trust These Numbers” Share This Article 
Both Boeing and SpaceX are working to develop tools for NASA to use in upcoming crewed missions from the International Space Station. While NASA planned on launching test flights over the next few months, the whole program may be delayed as the government agency has found over 30 technical flaws or safety hazards for each company's system, according to Reuters — a startling rebuke of the efforts of two premier private spaceflight companies to do work for the U.S. government. "SpaceX and Boeing both have challenges, both comparable, from a safety perspective," a source from within the government told Reuters. In the past, NASA has paid Russia's space agency to shuttle astronauts but is currently leaning on private industry to develop alternative options. NASA spokesperson Joshua Finch told Reuters that the agency was willing to delay missions as long as is necessary to make sure that astronauts will actually reach the space station safely. For SpaceX, NASA reported concerns over how the rocket is presently fueled with astronauts already on board. NASA also found problems with how SpaceX rockets orient themselves when landing in water. Meanwhile, it said, Boeing capsules may not be structurally sound. And both companies, according to Reuters, may not have adequate parachute systems to ensure a safe landing. READ MORE: Exclusive: SpaceX, Boeing design risks threaten new delays for U.S. space program [Reuters] More on NASA: Apollo Astronaut: It Would Be “Stupid” to Send People to Mars Share This Article 
Mark Zuckerberg wants everyone to know that Facebook truly values privacy. So much so, he says, that it practically invented the whole concept! At least, that was Zuckerberg's message during a conversation with Jonathan Zittrain, a law professor at Harvard, reports CNBC. "Thinking about Facebook as an innovator in privacy is certainly not the mainstream view," said Zuckerberg in a brief moment of unintentional candor, before going on to describe how the Facebook was originally used to give Harvard students a way to privately communicate among themselves. Notably, Zuckerberg chose to not focus on Facebook's role in sharing private messages without permission, undermining democratic elections or enabling genocide in Myanmar. After a series of privacy scandals and data breaches, Zuckerberg is likely trying to earn back the favor of a public that doesn't fully understand or trust how the corporation generates advertising revenue, according to Gizmodo's analysis. Here's a hint: it's all thanks to the company's access to that sweet, sweet private data. READ MORE: Facebook Is an 'Innovator in Privacy,' Says Guy Who Runs Facebook [Gizmodo] More on Facebook: If Zuck’s Prepared Statements Prove One Thing, It’s That Facebook Has Become Far Too Big Share This Article 
Thousands of feet below the surface of Earth's ocean lies a vast habitat of strange-looking fish, giant jellies, and microscopic animals. To this day, the "hadal zone" — 3.7-6.8 miles (6,000-11,000 meters) below the surface — remains largely unexplored. But thanks to NASA and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI), the world's leading non-profit dedicated to exploring our oceans, that might soon change. A brand new submarine called the Orpheus is ready to explore that underwater wilderness with a whole array of scientific instruments — and one day, vehicles like it could explore oceans elsewhere in the solar system, too. Orpheus — named after the Greek hero who survived a trip to the underworld — is a 600 pound drone meant to explore the hadal zone essentially all by itself. As Business Insider points out, communications from miles beneath the ocean can take longer to reach the surface than broadcasts from the Moon. It's also meant to be small, and light so that if all goes right, a very distant relative of that same design could explore the icy oceans of Jupiter's smallest moon, Europa. "It's the great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandmother of the vehicle that may go to Europa," Tim Shank, WHOI biologist and mission leader, told Business Insider. But diving to those kind of extreme depths is difficult, to say the least. A previous submarine called Nereus built by WHOI engineers was lost at a depth of six miles in 2014. Luckily, the Jet Propulsion Lab at NASA are offering up some help for the Orpheus project. So far, Orpheus has dived to just shy of 600 feet on an untethered mission in September — a long shot from the hadal zone. But it's a tiny first step before mankind could make the first discovery of alien life on Jupiter's ancient moons — so far one of the likeliest places for life to exist in our Solar System. READ MORE:  NASA is testing a new submarine that will hunt for undiscovered sea life — and scientists eventually want it to look for aliens on Europa [Business Insider] More on Europa: NASA's Nuclear-Powered Tunneling Bot Could Hunt for Life on Europa Share This Article 
We'd like to put out an open call: if you have any idea what 6G technology is, please contact us and fill us in. We ask because U.S. President Donald Trump just tweeted that he wants "6G" cell service in the U.S. "as soon as possible" — even though we don't even have 5G service yet and no one has started to meaningfully discuss 6G, according to The Verge. 5G service is expected to be the next big thing for mobile communications and has long been slated for a 2020 rollout. When it finally goes live, it's expected to improve cell service, mobile download speeds, and provide better support for the internet of things. Recently, AT&T misleadingly claimed to have deployed a 5G network before quickly backing away from its own announcement. Meanwhile, there haven’t even been meaningful discussions of what a 6G network would look like. Trump also tweeted that he wants American telecom companies to lead the world in mobile network technology through a spirit of earnest and honest competition, which is a stark contrast to his own administration's plan to block Chinese 5G technology in the U.S., according to The Verge. Whether it's American or Chinese telecom companies that build better 5G service, it's good to know we have a leader so focused on the future that he wants the U.S. to dominate the race to develop technology that no one has even thought about yet. READ MORE: Trump wants 6G internet ‘as soon as possible’ [The Verge] More on 5G: There's a New 5G Smartphone Coming, and it Might Finally Make the Next-Gen Network Mainstream Share This Article 
No one enjoys paying a utility bill. The feeling can be even worse if you don't feel good about where your energy is coming from. If you want to create a more robust, distributed energy grid to power our future, solar energy might be for you. But with so many variables at play (location, weather, local regulations, etc.), is solar worth it in your specific area, and for your specific home? It’s no secret that solar panels are a cost-effective way to battle the rising cost of utility rates. A new report published by The Solar Foundation says prices associated with solar panel installation have dropped dramatically over the last eight years. The impressive growth of solar energy since 2010 is linked to a rise in solar system installations, hefty government initiatives, and tax policies supporting solar energy generation. And despite recent import tariffs implemented on solar panels, solar power remains a cost-effective option for many homeowners. Erin Noble, director of business operations for StraightUp Solar, told The Solar Foundation, “A lot of the challenges we faced in the past have dissipated over time as the solar industry matures and people become aware of the cost competitiveness of solar.” Another report published last month from the Energy Information Administration says wind and solar energy in the US, which was responsible for 3 percent of energy generated in 2018, will comprise 13 percent of power generation by 2020. This information reflects a trend by major corporations looking to switch to 100-percent sustainable energy. Google managed this feat at the end of 2017, with Apple switching over to solar a few months after. Thanks to the cost of solar paneling dropping 70 percent over the last 5 years, savings generated from investing in solar panels are typically 10 percent. That rate of return outperforms savings accounts, mutual funds, and the S&P 500. Even without major advances in solar panel output, solar has become a cost-competitive energy source. Powering a home with solar can now compete with energy produced from a coal-powered utility, but with the added benefit of being much better for the environment. However, is solar worth it in your area? In order to discover if purchasing solar panels makes sense for your specific situation, click here for UnderstandSolar.com's free solar estimator. Based on your location and other important factors, a top-rated solar installer will not only discuss potential solar options in your area, but also provide estimates of how much you could end up saving over time by making the switch. After all, you may be in an excellent solar market and just not know it. So find out now at UnderstandSolar.com. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On Sunday, YouTube personality Matt Watson posted a video to the site exposing what he called a "soft-core pedophilia ring." Based on his research, pedophiles are congregating on suggestive videos of children — and, once connected, using the comments sections to share contact info and links to child pornography. Watson's video quickly generated more than 2 million views, and major brands including Disney, Nestle, and Epic Games rushed to pull their advertisements from YouTube — the latest shocking example of how difficult it is for Silicon Valley platforms to police their own communities at scale, even in the face of egregious abuse. Many of the videos drawing these YouTube pedophiles don't violate any of the platform's policies — they might feature young girls playing games or doing gymnastics. Others feature illegal content, such as one video in which a prepubescent girl flashes her bare pubic area. The comments sections of the videos feature lewd messages, suggestive emoji, and timestamps to the moments most likely to appeal to pedophiles. Some commenters leave questions for the children in the videos, and horrifically, the children occasionally respond. Watson claims in his video that YouTube's algorithms facilitate this network of pedophiles. Watch one video of children innocently playing, and the algorithm will suggest videos that, from their comments sections, appear popular with YouTube pedophiles. YouTube's search function plays a role as well — a WIRED story noted that the site's autocomplete will add the words "young" and "hot" if a user searches the phrase "girl yoga." Since the release of Watson's video, YouTube has shared the following statement with various media outlets: "Any content — including comments — that endangers minors is abhorrent and we have clear policies prohibiting this on YouTube. We took immediate action by deleting accounts and channels, reporting illegal activity to authorities and disabling violative comments." A number of brands have pulled their advertising from YouTube, too, issuing statements denouncing child exploitation. And that's great. But advertisers have done this exact same thing before, and yet the problem persists. That's due at least in part to how incredibly tough this problem will be to solve. Every minute, users upload 450 hours of content to YouTube, and the combination of humans and machine learning tech the company currently uses to review this content clearly isn't capable of preventing illegal content from slipping through. A major loss of advertisers over a long period of time could spur YouTube to find a better system for filtering out this content — assuming one exists — but government fines for facilitating the spread of child pornography might provide additional incentive. And what about the content that doesn't violate any rules, like videos of children playing in their backyards? Does YouTube ban any videos featuring minors? How might it enforce that? Should it disable its autocomplete search function so that problematic videos are more difficult for YouTube pedophiles to find? These are deep questions, but the platform has been dealing with the issue of child exploitation as far back as 2013. Clearly, the various policies it's already enacted to address the problem aren't enough — and the strongly worded statements about how "abhorrent" it finds this content won't be enough either. READ MORE: Advertisers Boycott YouTube After Pedophiles Swarm Comments on Videos of Children [The New York Times] More on YouTube: New Research: YouTube Caused the “Flat Earther” Epidemic Share This Article 
Ceci n'est pas un chat. Last week, we reported on a mysterious new website, ThisPersonDoesNotExist.com, that shows you a new human face, generated by an AI, every time you hit the refresh button. It's a growing trend: more copycat websites like ThisAirbnbDoesNotExist.com and ThisWaifuDoesNotExist.net have also cropped up in its wake. And now, ThisCatDoesNotExist.com takes the trend to its logical conclusion: creepy, AI-generated pictures of cats that will fuel your nightmares. Behind all of these websites lies NVIDIA's generative adversarial network (GAN) called StyleGAN — a machine-learning algorithm that can learn how to sketch human faces, cats, or almost anything else by examining hundreds of thousands of existing images. But ThisCatDoesNotExist.com is not the most compelling example of the tech. It's more like the result of what would happen when hundreds of thousands of cat images, including text memes and their human owners' faces, are mashed together in a a cyber-car-crash. The results are harrowing. No, seriously. What happened to these innocent cats? It's a shame the algorithm wasn't able to pick out the human faces. Or meme text. GANs have been used for much more ambitious projects in the past. Researchers at NVIDIA harnessed the power of the technology to create uncanny faces that are almost completely indistinguishable from the real thing. But that doesn't mean bored people on the internet shouldn't be able to take advantage of the open-source technology for a bit of fun — that is, as long as real-world cats stay out of harm's way. READ MORE: 'This Person Does Not Exist' Has Spawned a Host of A.I.-Powered Copycats [Inverse] More on AI faces: Mysterious Site Uses AI to Create Realistic Yet Horrifying Faces Share This Article 
We still have a lot of questions to answer before autonomous vehicles can go mainstream: Who's at fault if an AV has an accident? Should people need licenses to ride in a self-driving car? How should an AV decide between running over a dog or a cat? On Wednesday, Bloomberg published a story focused on yet another question — how should AVs interact with law enforcement? — and the solution might involve ceding control of your car to cops. The Bloomberg story notes the Dec. 2018 incident in which an intoxicated driver fell asleep behind the wheel of a Tesla with Autopilot engaged. The vehicle led police on a seven-minute chase down a freeway before officers were able to compel the Tesla to stop by essentially boxing it in. This is the kind of problem AV manufacturers and law enforcement want to avoid, and that could mean programming AVs to pull over as soon as they detect flashing police lights behind them, a protocol already adopted by Waymo. Bloomberg even suggests that officers forced to exit their vehicles might be able to instruct other AVs to reroute away from an area "with a couple of taps on a handheld device." Letting law enforcement control a car presumably owned by a citizen seems like murky legal territory. Even if legal, it would be easy to see how some people might be opposed to police being able to give instructions to their car — especially if the car is programmed to follow police orders over that of the driver and the driver isn't doing anything illegal. Some critics have also noted how hackers might be able to exploit any ability for police to control AVs. It's still too early to say whether any of the measures proposed in the Bloomberg piece will become the standard for navigating interactions between AVs and law enforcement. But given that we could have fully autonomous vehicles as soon as next year, we have no time to waste figuring out an answer to this lingering question. READ MORE: Someday Your Self-Driving Car Will Pull Over for Police [Bloomberg] More on driverless cars: It Took Seven Minutes to Pull Over a Drunk and “Unresponsive” Tesla Driver Share This Article 
It's been a long time coming — but it still feels surprising. New York-based investment bank JP Morgan Chase is launching the first-ever major cryptocurrency backed by a U.S. bank. The digital token, dubbed "JPM Coin," will be used to "instantly settle payments between clients," CNBC reports. The announcement comes as a substantial change of tune for JP Morgan Chase. Its CEO Jamie Dimon famously called Bitcoin a "fraud" in 2017 before changing his mind the following year. The new token will initially run on top of JP Morgan Chase's Quorom platform, its own take on popular blockchain platform Ethereum, according to Coindesk. Each JPM Coin will be worth a single U.S. dollar, like other so-called stablecoins. JP Morgan Chase clients will deposit their fiat currency in exchange for JPM Coins, and after settling the transaction, the coins will be returned in the form of U.S. dollars. Wire transfer systems, including networks like Swift, are clunky — they can take long periods to complete and verify, especially when making payments internationally. Blockchain technology has the potential, according to JP Morgan Chase, to speed things up considerably. "The first bullet in any war is always the most important, and it looks like this could be the first move in a broader adoption of blockchain and digital currencies by large institutions," London hedge fund Prime Factor Capital co-founder Adam Grimsley told Bloomberg. But not everybody is convinced that it's as groundbreaking as JP Morgan Chase wants us to think. Technology reporter for the New York Times Nathaniel Popper argued it might be "less useful, because it can't move anywhere beyond the walls of JPMorgan," in a tweet. Editor's note: This post originally misspelled the name of the CEO of JP Morgan Chase. It has been updated.  READ MORE: JP Morgan is rolling out the first US bank-backed cryptocurrency to transform payments business [CNBC] More on JP Morgan Chase: J.P. Morgan Chase CEO Says He Regrets Calling Bitcoin a Fraud Share This Article 
The U.S. Army is currently developing replacements for its famous Black Hawk helicopter, which has been a mainstay of the military since it was developed in the 1970s. Decades later, the Black Hawk is too slow and has too short a range to be practical. One of the frontrunners to replace it borrows the best from planes and helicopters — with two rotating wings, each of which houses a propeller allowing for vertical take off, according to Ars Technica. The helicopter, called the V-280 Valor and built by a division of aviation manufacturer Textron has the functionality of a sort of plane-helicopter hybrid that could travel faster and farther than the Black Hawk. It also improves on past tiltrotor designs by leaving the rest of the engine in place, cutting down on cost and the mess kicked up by the rotating blades, Ars reports. But that's not the only design the military is considering — another prototype, Sikorsky-Boeing's SB-1 Defiant looks more like a typical helicopter but uses two counterrotating propellers stacked on top of each other to increase its speed. In particular, the Army needs a helicopter well-suited for recon missions overseas, hence these two prototypes' focus on top speed. There's no indication yet which of the two will get picked up by the armed forces, but we look forward to the new movies like "Tiltrotor Down" that could follow. READ MORE: Forget Airwolf: One of these is the Army’s next assault “helicopter” [Ars Technica] More on helicopters: You Can Fly DARPA's Idiot-Proof Helicopter With 45 Mins of Training Share This Article 
Earlier today, Futurism reported on Elon Musk's claim that he's "certain" fully-autonomous Teslas will hit the streets by next year. Now criticisms of that bold promise are already rolling in. Karl Brauer, the executive publisher at the vehicle conglomerate Cox Automotive, told CNBC that he thinks Musk is exaggerating Tesla's progress toward fully self-driving cars. "I think the term 'misled' works here," Brauer said. "I mean, there are so many variables out there. There are so many different ways that a car has to be able to deal with driving: weather, lighting, traffic, pedestrians, bicyclists." Brauer pointed out that Musk has a history of making bold, exciting predictions and claims about his own companies before ultimately dialing them back. Brauer argued that Tesla has developed some impressive semi-autonomous technology, but the idea that it'll have autonomous vehicles by next year is taking things too far. According to documents published by the California Department of Motor Vehicles, Tesla doesn't test any autonomous cars on California roads. "To say you'll have all conditions solved in the next 12 to 18 months — nobody else is making that claim and there are some pretty big companies out there like Google who are doing this and have been doing this for a decade," Brauer said. It's certainly possible that Tesla will surprise everyone and deliver on these ambitious promises. But based on the state of autonomous vehicles at large, Musk probably didn't give himself enough time to sort out the many challenges. "Elon's got one of the best systems currently available in terms of semi-autonomous driving," Brauer told CNBC. "But the concept of any car handling all the variables that exist on the road is still hard to fathom. Doing it in the next 12 to 18 months seems impossible." READ MORE: It seems impossible that Tesla will have full self-driving car tech ready in a year, says analyst [CNBC] More on autonomous vehicles: Expert Slams Waymo Safety Data: “They Obviously Do Not Trust These Numbers” Share This Article 
Right now, there's no legal framework preventing people from destroying or selling culturally-important landmarks in space. For instance, as space travel becomes more common, an opportunistic someone could find a way to steal and auction off the first bootprints left on the moon by Neil Armstrong, warns University of Mississippi Air and Space Law professor Michelle Hanlon in an essay published Friday in The Conversation. Hanlon cites damage to landmarks like the Pyramids of Gaza or Terracotta Army by tourists who break off pieces to take home as evidence that people can't be trusted to preserve landmarks of their own volition. "There is no law against running over the first bootprints imprinted on the moon," Hanlon wrote. "Or erasing them. Or carving them out of the moon’s regolith and selling them to the highest bidder." Places like Stonehenge and ancient cave paintings are protected as part of the U.N.'s World Heritage List. If landmarks in space are to survive as more nations and companies develop the capacity to leave the planet, Hanlon believes that leaders need to be proactive and protect those landmarks before anything goes wrong. Hanlon is just one of many to recently call for more comprehensive or updated space laws. Right now, the various laws and treaties that pertain to outer space are a bit of a mess. Hopefully, before trips to the moon become commonplace, someone can sort them out. READ MORE: Protecting human heritage on the moon: Don’t let ‘one small step’ become one giant mistake [The Conversation] More on space law: Four Legal Challenges to Resolve Before Settling on Mars Share This Article 
A light layer of hydrogen atoms called the geocorona separates Earth's atmosphere from outer space. And it extends far beyond Earth — much farther than previously believed. Data collected by NASA and the European space agency's Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO), a spacecraft that launched in 1995 to study the Sun, suggests that this gaseous layer extends up to 391,000 miles (630,000 km) from Earth — which, strikingly, is 50 times Earth's diameter and almost twice the distance to the Moon. And that's a big deal, because planets with traces of hydrogen in their atmospheres have a much higher chance of containing water on the surface. "This is especially interesting when looking for planets with potential reservoirs of water beyond our Solar System," explained Jean-Loup Bertaux, co-author of the paper on the new research and former principal investigator at ESA, in an official press release. Unfortunately, those extra hydrogen atoms won't be particularly useful for future missions to the Moon. "On Earth we would call it vacuum, so this extra source of hydrogen is not significant enough to facilitate space exploration," said Igor Baliukin of Russia's Space Research Institute and lead author of the paper. But they could make future astronomical observations more accurate by allowing astronomers to take the hydrogen atoms and their associated ultraviolet wavelengths into account. The revelation symbolizes a big win for the SOHO team. "This discovery highlights the value of data collected over 20 years ago and the exceptional performance of SOHO," said Bernhard Fleck, SOHO project scientist at ESA. READ MORE: Earth's atmosphere stretches out to the Moon — and beyond [ESA] More on Earth's atmosphere: The European Space Agency’s New Ion Thruster “Breathes” Air Share This Article 
According to Elon Musk, Tesla's cars are nearly ready for fully autonomous driving. "I think we will be feature complete — full self-driving — this year," Musk told Cathie Wood and Tasha Keeney of ARK Invest in a podcast on Tuesday. "Meaning the car will be able to find you in a parking lot, pick you up and take you all the way to your destination without an intervention, this year." By next year, you'll be able to take a nap behind the wheel, Musk claimed in the same interview. "My guess as to when we would think it is safe for somebody to essentially fall asleep and wake up at their destination? Probably towards the end of next year," he said. And he's willing to stand by his words: "I would say I am of certain of that," he said. "That is not a question mark." Musk is no stranger to making big promises. As it stands right now, Tesla's Autopilot can make lane changes, and navigate highway ramps — but it still can't handle most other roads. In October, Tesla dropped the "full self-driving" mode from the Model 3, with Musk claiming it was "causing too much confusion" in a tweet. The race to have cars take over all driving functions is on. Alphabet's Waymo launched a robo-taxi service in Arizona in December. But even Waymo's cars require human safety drivers to take control on multiple occasions throughout a single ride. READ MORE: Elon Musk Promises a Really Truly Self-Driving Tesla in 2020 [Wired] More on Tesla: Teslas Are Getting a "Party and Camping Mode" Share This Article 
India just swore in its first robotic police officer, which is named KP-Bot. The animatronic-looking machine was granted the rank of sub-inspector on Tuesday, and it will operate the front desk of Thiruvananthapuram police headquarters, according to India Today. The robot was welcomed aboard with a salute from Pinarayi Vijayan, the Chief Minister of Kerala. India Today reports that the robot "responded with a perfect salute," which presumably just means that it didn't karate chop its own head off in the process. Aside from the symbolic gesture of integrating robotics into the police force, KP-Bot doesn't do much. At the moment, it can sit behind a police station's front desk, recording complaints and directing visitors to the correct department as needed. It can also salute at higher-ranked officers, according to India Today. In the future, it may be integrated with facial recognition software or the capability to detect bombs. KP-Bot is also for some reason gendered, with Assistant Deputy of police Manoj Abraham explicitly declaring that the inanimate object is a woman. "Women empowerment and gender equality were kept in mind while deciding on the gender of the first robot," said Loknath Behra, the Director General of Police. "Also, the fact that most front office jobs are managed by women was considered." READ MORE: India’s first RoboCop: Kerala Police inducts robot, gives it SI rank [India Today] More on police robots: Dubai Wants Robots to Make up 25% of Its Police Force by 2030 Share This Article 
The Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) just sent a robot into one of the reactors of the Fukushima nuclear power plant, which was destroyed by a tsunami back in 2011. The robot made contact with the melted fuel, picking it up and putting it back down to determine whether it was solid enough to cart away during a future mission, according to Ars Technica. Fukushima won't be fully decommissioned for another 30 to 40 years. But this robotic mission is the first step toward determining how other robots will go about cleaning it up. In this case, the robot was able to pick up small chunks of the radioactive fuel at five of the six test sites, all of which were located inside one of the power plant's three damaged reactors. TEPCO published a video of the process taken by the robot's built-in camera, in which you can see a robotic claw position itself around and pick up small pieces of fuel. None of the radioactive fuel left the reactor along with the robot when the mission was over. But that wasn't the plan. Rather, this mission marks the first time that a robot has been able to physically examine Fukushima's fuel. The team hopes to start retrieving some of the deadly fuel in 2021, now that they know it can be physically lifted. READ MORE: Japanese utility makes first contact with melted Fukushima fuel [Ars Technica] More on Fukushima: A $320 Million Ice Wall Still Can’t Contain Radioactive Water Near Fukushima Share This Article 
Remember that cryptocurrency exchange that said it lost $196 million of its customers' money when CEO Gerald Cotten died — prompting conspiracy theories Cotten faked his own death? Well, those 115,000 customers just lawyered up. Michael Wood, a justice on Nova Scotia's Supreme Court, issued a ruling Tuesday that QuadrigaCX customers would be represented by two law firms, Miller Thomson as well as Cox & Palmer, in the event of a class-action lawsuit, according to CoinDesk. So far, no one has filed suit against QuadrigaCX — though the users' new lawyers can start preparing one, according to CoinDesk. On Feb. 5, the courts approved a 30-day stay at the company's request. That leaves QuadrigaCX with about two more weeks to settle the matter and come up with $196 million on its own before anyone can sue. Once the stay expires on March 7, the crypto exchange may try to have it extended. But that appeal would come before Judge Wood. Given his move to prepare QuadrigaCX customers for a potential lawsuit, Wood may decide that QuadrigaCX was given enough time and open up the floor to any lawsuits. READ MORE: Judge Appoints Law Firms to Represent QuadrigaCX Customers [CoinDesk] More on QuadrigaCX: Indian Hospital Fires Back at Rumors That Crypto CEO Faked Death Share This Article 
If you feel as though there are a growing number of people online who think the world is flat — a peculiar conspiracy theory that ignores centuries of evidence that the planet is actually round — you might not be wrong. According to an alarming new study, the alarming growth of the number of people who think the Earth is flat is directly tied to the growth of conspiracy theories on YouTube — a worrisome sign of online algorithms' ability to mainline bad information in vulnerable populations. Texas Tech University researcher Asheley Landrum interviewed 30 attendees at two consecutive meetings of the world's largest annual conference of Flat Earthers. What she found was ominous: nearly everyone said they'd first been exposed to the theory on YouTube. "The only person who didn’t say this was there with his daughter and his son-in-law and they had seen it on YouTube and told him about it," Landrum told The Guardian. One of the great stories of our time is how information — and disinformation — spread online. There's plenty of good educational material online, but algorithms that feed conspiracy-minded individuals a steady diet of unreliable info could be feeding into the rise of warped worldviews. "There’s a lot of helpful information on YouTube but also a lot of misinformation," Landrum told the newspaper. "Their algorithms make it easy to end up going down the rabbit hole, by presenting information to people who are going to be more susceptible to it." READ MORE: Study blames YouTube for rise in number of Flat Earthers [The Guardian] More on Flat Earthers: This Flat Earth: How We Know the Earth is Round Share This Article 
In a new essay for The Conversation, University of Minnesota law professor Francis Shen grapples with the difficult legal and social issues raised by sexbots — including the specter of ones designed to look like children. "Childlike sex robots are robots, not humans," Shen wrote. "Like virtual child pornography, the development of a childlike sex robot does not require interaction with any children. Yet it might also be argued that childlike sex robots would have serious detrimental effects that compel state action." There's already been federal legislation to outlaw childlike sex robots, Shen pointed out. A House bill called the Curbing Realistic Exploitative Electronics Pedophilic Robots Act — with the clever acronym CREEPER — passed unanimously in 2018. According to Shen's analysis, that's just one example of the hazy regulatory environment hovering over the sexbot industry, which seems poised to go mainstream before society has hammered the legal and social norms that will surround it. Muddying the waters further, according to Shen, is that some bots are blurring the line between sexbots and regular robots. The developer of the "Mark 1" bot, for instance, has said that he envisions it providing all types of companionship — sexual and otherwise. "Humans, of course, can navigate both sexual and nonsexual contexts adeptly," Shen wrote. "What if a robot can do the same? How do we conceptualize and govern a robot that can switch from 'play with kids' mode during the day to 'play with adults' mode at night?" READ MORE: Sex robots are here, but laws aren’t keeping up with the ethical and privacy issues they raise [The Conversation] More on sex robots: We Have No Idea What Having Sex With Robots Might Do to Us Share This Article 
An anthropologist at the University of Florida is making the case that long space missions, like a crewed trip to Mars, would require crew members with pronounced senses of humor to build social bridges and defuse tension at a perilous distance from Earth. "These are people that have the ability to pull everyone together, bridge gaps when tensions appear and really boost morale," said Jeffrey Johnson, who's working with NASA to study the importance of humor during long spaceflights, in an interview with the Guardian. "When you’re living with others in a confined space for a long period of time, such as on a mission to Mars, tensions are likely to fray." Before he turned his work to astronauts, Johnson spent years studying another isolated group: long term workers in Antarctica, where he found that self-appointed clowns and practical jokers were crucial to forging bonds under tense conditions. "These roles are informal, they emerge within the group," Johnson told the Guardian. "But the interesting thing is that if you have the right combination the group does very well. And if you don’t, the group does very badly." In a mission to Mars, communication delays could be as long as 20 minutes — and the eight month trip takes astronauts far from health care and other resources back on Earth. "It’s vital you have somebody who can help everyone get along, so they can do their jobs and get there and back safely," Johnson told the Guardian. "It’s mission critical." READ MORE: Jokers please: first human Mars mission may need onboard comedians [The Guardian] More on humor: Artificial Intelligence Algorithm Now Capable of Identifying Humor Share This Article 
An ambitious new analysis of the world's forests found that there's space to plant 1.2 trillion new trees — a number that would absorb more carbon than human emissions. According to the new data, ETH Zurich researcher Thomas Crowther told The Independent, trees are "our most powerful weapon in the fight against climate change." Crowther told the Independent that the new analysis, which he presented at a conference this weekend, suggests that a worldwide tree-planting spree would have a greater impact on the planet's environment than building wind turbines or vegetarian diets — an effort, he says, that could cancel a decade of greenhouse emissions. "There’s 400 gigatons now, in the 3 trillion trees, and if you were to scale that up by another trillion trees that’s in the order of hundreds of gigatons captured from the atmosphere — at least 10 years of anthropogenic emissions completely wiped out,” he told the newspaper. Unlike high tech solutions to climate change like carbon capture systems, Crowther argued, trees are nice because anyone can plant one. "It’s a beautiful thing because everyone can get involved," he told The Independent. "Trees literally just make people happier in urban environments, they improve air quality, water quality, food quality, ecosystem service, it’s such an easy, tangible thing." READ MORE: Massive restoration of world’s forests would cancel out a decade of CO2 emissions, analysis suggests [The Independent] More on trees: Swarms of Drones Can Now Plant Trees in Areas Devastated by Fires Share This Article 
In a new interview with Business Insider, the director of the Space Technology and Exploration Directorate at NASA Langley warned that Elon Musk's proposed Starship design was going to be "orders of magnitude" more difficult than any NASA project in history. "It won't be easy for us or SpaceX," Walt Engelund told Business Insider. Engelund's specific concern is Musk's plan to cool the rocket by "bleeding" fuel through small pores. He asked what would happen, for instance, if a "bird poops on your rocket and it plugs up a few holes." "I've seen instances where you'll get one clogged channel... and it will immediately result in burn-throughs," the chief engineer told the business magazine. "A model will disappear in a hypersonic wind tunnel. It almost vaporizes, there's so much energy and so much heat." At the same time, Engelund admitted, SpaceX is bringing unprecedented energy and creativity to the private space industry, so he doesn't rule out Starship succeeding — and he foresees further collaboration between the two organizations. "They've surprised a lot of people, and have a lot of smart people working for them, and Elon seems to be really committed and dedicated to this," Engelund told Business Insider. "Perhaps there are some things that we could do with them. I suspect there will be." READ MORE: Elon Musk says SpaceX is developing a 'bleeding' heavy-metal rocket ship. Making it work may be 100 times as hard as NASA's most difficult Mars mission, one expert says. [Business Insider] More on SpaceX: Hurricane-Force Gusts Knocked Over SpaceX's Starship Last Night Share This Article 
Killer robots are coming for us all. But rather than a T-1000 spewing one-liners, autonomous weapon systems like drones could end up replacing human soldiers on the battlefield entirely, given enough time. But is it ethical to have an artificial intelligence call the shots and decide to take a human life? Experts convening at the American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in Washington DC this week had a clear answer: a resounding no. The group of experts — including ethics professors and human rights advocates — are calling for a ban on the development of AI-controlled weapons, as the BBC reports. "We are not talking about walking, talking terminator robots that are about to take over the world; what we are concerned about is much more imminent: conventional weapons systems with autonomy," Human Right's Watch advocacy director Mary Wareham told the BBC. Another big question that arises: who is responsible when a machine does decide to take a human life? Is it the person who made the machine? "The delegation of authority to kill to a machine is not justified and a violation of human rights because machines are not moral agents and so cannot be responsible for making decisions of life and death," associate professor from the New School in New York Peter Asaro told the BBC. But not everybody is on board to fully denounce the use of AI-controlled weapon systems. The U.S. and Russia were among several countries that opposed an outright ban on autonomous weapons following a week of talks in Geneva in September. READ MORE: Call to ban killer robots in wars [BBC] More on killer robots: The UK Is Developing Autonomous Killer Robots Share This Article 
When scientists calculate how much matter ought to exist in the universe, their estimates always vastly exceeded the amount of matter that they've actually accounted for. The consensus, in fact, is that we're missing about a third of the matter that should be out there. But thanks to a new technique for scanning the cosmos, scientists think they may have finally spotted all that missing starstuff. For clarity, this research has nothing to do with dark matter, the invisible substance that makes up about 85 percent of the matter in the universe. Rather, the team of astronomers from Harvard and Hungary's Eötvös University found the missing luminous matter, which makes up all of the stars, planets, and other celestial objects in the universe. According to newly-publicized research, a draft of which was first published to the preprint server ArXiv in December, the scientists used NASA's orbital Chandra X-Ray Observatory to scan for clouds of space gas surrounding a distant black hole. In those clouds, they found previously-unaccounted-for masses of oxygen. Extrapolating to the amount of similar gas clusters that are out there, the astronomers think that they can account for the entire difference between calculations and observations of the universe. "We were thrilled that we were able to track down some of this missing matter" said Randall Smith, an astronomer from the Harvard & Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA) who worked on the study, in a new press release. "In the future we can apply this same method to other quasar data to confirm that this long-standing mystery has at last been cracked." More study is needed to confirm that these new findings can actually justify the lofty extrapolation that the scientists make in their paper. But if this work holds up, it means that scientists have finally sorted out one of the most confusing mysteries of the universe. "If we find this missing mass, we can solve one of the biggest conundrums in astrophysics," said CfA astrophysicist Orsolya Kovacs in the same press release. "Where did the universe stash so much of its matter that makes up stuff like stars and planets and us?" READ MORE: Where is the universe hiding its missing mass? [NASA’s Chandra X-ray Observatory newsroom via Phys.org] More on the Chandra Observatory: Here's Why MIT Scientists Are Watching a Black Hole Devour a Star Share This Article 
A drone sighting has once again shut down a major airport while officials scrambled to figure out what was going on. This time, the airport in question was Dubai International Airport, one of the largest international airports in the world. After a drone was spotted nearby, the airport suspended all flight activity between 10:13 and 10:45 a.m. local time, according to The Wall Street Journal. Dubai Airports confirms that operations at Dubai International are back to normal after less than 30 minutes of delay due to unauthorized drone activity. — Dubai Media Office (@DXBMediaOffice) February 15, 2019  A Dubai official told The WSJ that the drone was operated by "a guy in the desert" but didn't share many more details. The half hour delay is the shortest of three major drone-related airport shutdowns in recent months, but still signals that airports haven't figured out how to deal with the proliferation of inexpensive drones. Back in December, London's Gatwick airport canceled about 1,000 flights over a three-day period, and New Jersey's Newark Liberty International Airport was briefly shut down in January when a drone was spotted over the nearby airport in Teterboro. Operating a drone without a license in Dubai is illegal, and similar laws have been enacted by the U.S. government. But apparently all it takes is one guy in the desert to interrupt the world's largest international airport. So in the meantime, Fortune reports, airports like Gatwick are running drills to minimize delays and interruptions next time a drone sails by. READ MORE: Drone Scare Grounds Flights at Dubai Airport [The Wall Street Journal] More on drones: New FAA Rules Could Make Drones Vastly More Annoying Share This Article 
Black holes remain mysterious. It was huge news, back in October, when astronomers did as little as actually confirming that there's a supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy. But it turns out that scientists very rarely agree about black holes on a philosophical level — they often can't even agree what they are. That's the conclusion of an investigation by Erik Curiel, a philosopher and physicist from Harvard and the Munich Center for Mathematical Philosophy at Germany's Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, according to new research he published last month in the journal Nature Astronomy. "The properties of black holes are the subject of investigations in a range of subdisciplines of physics — in optical physics, in quantum physics and of course in astrophysics," Curiel said in a university-published press release. "But each of these specialties approaches the problem with its own specific set of theoretical concepts." Many of the black hole definitions Curiel gathered from various physicists conflicted with one another. An astrophysicist told him that "a black hole is the ultimate prison: once you check in, you can never get out." On the other hand, a theoretical physicist said that it's "conceptually problematical to think of black holes as objects in space, things that can move and be pushed around." Curiel embarked on this journey to point out the problem of having multiple, incongruous definitions for a single concept, but eventually came around to the discrepancy, arguing that scientists defining black holes according to their specific fields allowed them to do better work. "I conclude that, within reasonable bounds, the profusion of different definitions is in fact a virtue, making the investigation of black holes possible and fruitful in all the many different kinds of problems about them that physicists consider," Curiel wrote in his research paper, "although one must take care in trying to translate results between fields." READ MORE: Philosophy: What exactly is a black hole? [Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München newsroom via ScienceDaily] More on scientific definitions: Artificial Consciousness: How To Give A Robot A Soul Share This Article 
China's Academy of Space Technology is working on an orbital power plant that would capture solar energy in space and beam it back to Earth. The plant would be able to harness solar power even when it's cloudy back on Earth, since its photovoltaic array would be floating high above any terrestrial weather. With plans to launch a test facility before 2025, pursuing space-based clean energy shows that China is committed to its ongoing push towards using more renewable energy and asserting its place among global leaders in space. Needless to say, the biggest problem for a floating power plant is figuring out how to get the energy back down to Earth. The scientists behind the project are still sorting that part out. But right now, the plan is to have solar arrays in space capture light from the sun and then beam electricity down to a facility on Earth in the form of a microwave or a laser, according to The Sydney Morning Herald. From there, the electricity could be used just as if it had been generated by conventional, terrestrial means. If the launch goes well and the energy-transmitting beam works like it's supposed to, the Chinese scientists have plans to test and launch bigger and more powerful facilities through 2050, according to The Sydney Morning Herald. And aside from sending clean energy to Earth, the power plant could also feasibly power missions deeper and farther into space, as long as the beam is precise enough to target any ships that are rocketing away to explore the cosmos. READ MORE: Plans for first Chinese solar power station in space revealed [The Sydney Morning Herald] More on power plants in space: NASA Wants to Collect Solar Power Directly From Space Share This Article 
Californians may soon get a cut of the proceeds when tech giants like Facebook sell their personal data. Governor Gavin Newsom announced his support for such an initiative during his State of the State address on Tuesday, according to Gizmodo — a move that could permanently upset the balance of power between the world's biggest tech corporations and their users. "Companies that make billions of dollars collecting, curating and monetizing our personal data have a duty to protect it," Newsom said in his address. "Consumers have a right to know and control how their data is being used." Currently, Newsom's proposal is lacking in details — it's really more of a concept at this point, but he took a strong stance against user exploitation by tech corporations, many of which are housed in his state. "I applaud this legislature for passing the first-in-the-nation digital privacy law last year," Newsom said. "But California's consumers should also be able to share in the wealth that is created from their data. And so I've asked my team to develop a proposal for a new data dividend for Californians, because we recognize that your data has value and it belongs to you." At the moment, Newsom is "open to constructive feedback," according to a statement his office sent to CBS. Presumably, that input will help the proposal avoid potentially dicey waters, as a push to pay people a share of a tech company's profits may backfire. For instance, tech companies may retaliate by requiring subscriptions for previously-free services, similarly to how Uber threatened to raise prices if New York City increased its minimum wage. But the proposal may have the opposite effect — internet users may be willing to give away their personal information in exchange for just a few bucks, Center for Digital Democracy Executive Director Jeffrey Chester warned CBS. "They shouldn't be tricked into giving away their privacy for a small discount," Chester told CBS. "Selling it for a few bucks isn't the answer and will make the problem worse." READ MORE: California Governor Wants You to Get a Cut of the Cash Tech Companies Makes From Your Data [Gizmodo] More on Gavin Newsom: California Could Soon Give Low-Income Residents a Monthly Check Share This Article 
Facebook's sketchy history with users' privacy rights is finally starting to catch up with it. The Washington Post reports that the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and Facebook are negotiating over a "multi-billion dollar fine" to settle the FTC's investigation into the social network's shady privacy practices. The Commission's investigation began almost a year ago, when the Cambridge Analytica scandal landed: a UK data mining company found to be involved with Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, accessed data about millions of its users without permission. The FTC accused Facebook of not being transparent enough about its data sharing practices. While the two sides still have to agree on an exact amount — details surrounding the fine are still sparse — it could become the largest-ever fine the FTC has ever imposed on a technology company. There have been some examples of massive fines for tech giants in the recent past. In July of last year, Google was hit with a giant $5 billion fine by the European Union for breaking antitrust laws. Facebook has two options: broker a deal and agree to alterations of its business practices. Or Facebook could take the FTC to court. But as the Post points out, that could end up hurting both sides significantly. READ MORE: The U.S. government and Facebook are negotiating a record, multibillion-dollar fine for the company’s privacy lapses [Washington Post] More on Facebook and the FTC: It’s Official: The FTC Is Investigating Facebook Share This Article 
On Wednesday, California's Department of Motor Vehicles released its annual report of self-driving car safety data, detailing how often autonomous vehicles created by companies like Uber, Tesla, Apple, and Waymo disengage their cars' self-driving mode and give control back to a human safety driver to avoid a crash or help the vehicle when its software gets confused. The report shows a clear winner: on average, Waymo's self-driving cars drove autonomously for an eyebrow-raising 11,154.3 miles before a human took over — more than twice as far as GM, the second place finisher. The number is impressive, but it but doesn't match the experience of Waymo passengers in Arizona, interviewed by Futurism, Ars Technica, and The Verge, who report frequent interventions from human drivers. And four experts cautioned us that the new figures in California might not tell the whole story — nevermind that the continued presence of safety drivers shows the vehicles aren't quite ready for prime time. "I think the proof is in the pudding," Duke University engineer and autonomous vehicle expert Mary Cummings told Futurism. "Waymo is not driving without a safety driver either in California or in Arizona, even though they legally could, so they obviously do not trust these numbers either." When Futurism contacted a Waymo spokesperson to ask about the incredibly low disengagement rate, the spokesperson sent a press release explaining the company's progress in teaching its autonomous vehicles to handle unusual scenarios that might have previously tripped up a vehicle's artificial intelligence. Udacity founder and Stanford University engineer Sebastian Thrun told Futurism that Waymo's self-reported disengagement rate was "totally feasible." But these disengagement reports aren't the rigorous analyses that they seem to be at first glance, according to Wired, as each autonomous vehicle company collects and reports their own data, which are then compiled and compared side by side, even though each company may test using different metrics and standards. A spokesperson from California's DMV told Futurism that the government reviews each company's data before publishing the annual report. "The DMV carefully reviews all disengagement reports from manufacturers permitted to test autonomous vehicles in California," the spokesperson told Futurism. "When necessary, the DMV requests supplemental information and follows up with the permit holder to discuss our regulations and address concerns and clarify the contents of the report, as well as learn more about the company’s testing method and data collecting procedures." When asked if the DMV had specifically verified Waymo's claim of over 11,000 miles driven per disengagement, the spokesperson said that the DMV's main focus has been making sure that each company filed a complete report. And experts cautioned that the companies may not have been totally transparent about their tests. "To be frankly honest, without knowing when or why the safety driver disengaged the self-driving capability or the context of the miles traveled (rain, snow, highway, city, etc.) it is difficult to interpret what 11,000-plus miles actually means," Lionel Robert, a self-driving car expert from University of Michigan, told Futurism. "This will continue to be a problem until the federal government steps up and standardizes some of these measures. Unfortunately, at this time we can just guess and that's not what we should be doing." At press time, the Waymo spokesperson hadn't clarified the extent to which the government reviews disengagement data before publishing its annual report. "11,000 miles is feasible in carefully constructed environments with extremely detailed mapping and under low uncertainty cases, included no bad weather, typical traffic conditions, etc.," Cummings said. "But this metric can be quite deceiving since we have no idea of knowing what these conditions are." Waymo's reported test results could show that the company excels in areas where others continue to struggle. They could also be the result of running self-driving cars on empty, well-paved roads during the daylight. "Yes [Waymo's report] seems high, but then you have to look at the fleet size and what all the vehicles are doing," Jonathan P. How, an MIT aeronautics engineer and self-driving car researcher, told Futurism. "If many are driving in well-known relatively simple domains, then it might skew the results high. But I don't know much about why they might be so much higher." Editor’s Note 2/14: This article has been updated to include an additional statement from California's Department of Motor Vehicles. READ MORE: A New Robo-Car Report Card Isn't Quite What it Seems [Wired] More on Waymo: People Are Road Raging At Waymo's Self-Driving Cars Share This Article 
Keeping prisoners safe while their do their time is no easy task — inmates can overdose on smuggled drugs, fight with fellow prisoners, or even harm themselves. Now, Hong Kong has a plan to use robots, wearables, and other internet of things technologies to improve how it manages the 8,300 inmates housed in its correctional institutions on any given day — and it sounds like a dark twist on the "smart home" concept. On Thursday, Hong Kong's Correctional Services Department (CSD) announced its plan to develop a "smart prison system." The first step will be testing several technologies on a small scale, and then implementing them more widely if they have the desired impact. According to the South China Morning Post, one of those technologies is a robotic arm that sifts through newly admitted inmates' feces for smuggled items, such as drugs — a task previously undertaken by officers wielding wooden sticks. Another is a tracking wristband that the SCMP describes as "similar to fitness products sold on the market." This wearable will keep track of inmates' vital signs and whereabouts, alerting officials if it notices anything amiss, including signs that the inmate may have injured themselves. One facility, Pik Uk Prison, is already testing a "smart" video surveillance system. Its 12 cameras include "video analytic monitoring functions" that can detect unusual behavior — such as an inmate hurting themselves or collapsing — and alert officials. While it's unlikely anyone will have a problem with the CSD handing over its feces-sifting duties to a robot, it's not hard to see how the other two technologies might be controversial. Two of the cameras in use at Pik Uk Prison are located in inmate restrooms, and while Senior Superintendent Ng Chiu-kok told the SCMP that parts of the toilet footage are "obscured," the SCMP piece didn't provide any other details, such as whether the obscuring process happens during recording or retroactively. Meanwhile, the wristbands will gather arguably the most sensitive kind of data — biometric — on prisoners. "How [the CSD] will use and store the information, whether it can be abused, are sensitive issues," social welfare sector lawmaker Shiu Ka-chun told the SCMP. "They need to accurately state which data the wristband records." Still, two Hong Kong prisoners committed suicide in 2018, while 48 others harmed themselves, so if the CSD can manage to strike a balance between inmates' privacy rights and their safety, it might find itself setting an example for the smart prisons of the future. READ MORE: Tracking Wristbands, Video Monitoring Systems and Drug-Detecting Robots – Hong Kong Tests How to Make Its Prisons ‘Smart’ [SCMP] More on prisons: U.S. Prisons Are Covertly Gathering Inmates’ Biometric Voice Data Share This Article 
OpenAI, the artificial intelligence research company founded by tech heavyweights including Elon Musk and Peter Thiel, says it's developed the most advanced language-processing algorithm so far. Sample outputs suggest that the AI system is an extraordinary step forward, producing text rich with context, nuance and even something approaching humor. It's so good, in fact, that OpenAI says it's not releasing its code to the public because its researchers are scared it could be misused, according to a new blog post. The algorithm, GPT-2, was trained on some 8 million web pages, according to the new research. Given a prompt, GPT-2 is tasked with predicting the next word based how those words have been used on the websites it read. In the end, the algorithm churns out passages of text that are far more coherent than past attempts to build AI with contextual knowledge of language. In the blog, the OpenAI researchers concede that GPT-2 works only about half the time. But the examples that the team showcased on the blog post were so well-written that you'd be hard pressed to say whether it was written by a human. In one example, the researchers prompted their algorithm with the opening of a fictional news article about scientists who discovered unicorns. "In a shocking finding, scientist discovered a herd of unicorns living in a remote, previously unexplored valley, in the Andes Mountains. Even more surprising to the researchers was the fact that the unicorns spoke perfect English," the researchers wrote. There are occasional glitches and incoherent sentences in the AI-written story, but by and large the algorithm did pretty well. "The scientist named the population, after their distinctive horn, Ovid's Unicorn. These four-horned, silver-white unicorns were previously unknown to science," reads the first of nine AI-written paragraphs of the article, some of which include made-up quotes by fake scientists. But not everything is unicorns and discoveries. OpenAI chose to keep GPT-2 in-house because the algorithm could easily be used to generate misleading news articles, impersonate people, or other shady things. Wired tested out GPT-2, and with nothing more than the prompt "Hillary Clinton and George Soros," OpenAI’s algorithm churned out the sort of political conspiracy nonsense that regularly appears on non-credible right-wing websites. "It could be that someone who has malicious intent would be able to generate high quality fake news," David Luan, OpenAI's vice president of engineering told Wired. READ MORE: The AI Text Generator That’s Too Dangerous to Make Public [Wired] More on AI: You Have No Idea What Artificial Intelligence Really Does Share This Article 
Pope Francis met with the president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, on Wednesday for a closed-doors meeting about the future of artificial intelligence. When they emerged, they announced a joint mission to help promote the development of responsible, ethical AI that helps rather than exploits people, according to The Seattle Times, demonstrating that the possible risks of AI technology is a hot topic even at the Vatican. Smith and Francis discussed how artificial intelligence could help alleviate global inequality rather than exacerbate it, according to Reuters. Artificial intelligence stands to generate vast wealth for the corporations and countries that develop it, but in doing so they could leave the rest of the world behind. The duo announced that they would jointly sponsor a prize for AI researchers working to develop ethical, responsible AI tech. The winner will be someone who presented a doctoral thesis on artificial intelligence tech that stands to benefit the common good, The Seattle Times reports. The $6,900 prize and an invitation to Microsoft’s office in Seattle is paltry compared to what the two could have offered up, but the contest still represents an increasingly public drive to make sure that AI is developed with the needs of humanity in mind. READ MORE: Vatican, Microsoft team up on artificial intelligence ethics [The Seattle Times] More on AI: Two Pricing AIs Went Rogue and Formed a Cartel to Gouge Humans Share This Article 
A 43-year-old Texan man named Eric McGinnis was sentenced to eight years in prison yesterday for the possession of a partially 3D printed AR-15 rifle, the BBC reports — a sign that 3D printed guns could be moving from a hypothetical concern to a real one. McGinnis was prohibited from owning firearms for two years after attacking his girlfriend in 2015. He was arrested in 2017 after local law enforcement heard shots near his home. Only the parts that allowed the rifle to fire were 3D printed according to the BBC. "I didn't buy a gun, I built the gun," McGinnis admitted to a family member over a call from the jailhouse, as quoted by the BBC. In July, a U.S. federal judge granted a temporary nationwide injunction blocking gun-rights activist Cody Wilson from sharing 3D printed gun plans on the internet. The same judge ruled in August that plans for 3D printed guns "cannot be uploaded to the internet, but they can be emailed, mailed, securely transmitted, or otherwise published within the United States," according to a court document. In other words, blueprints can still very much be shared in many ways. 3D printing guns could become a way to circumvent gun laws, since they have no serial numbers and don't require a background check. And it's not just in the U.S. In July, Australian police seized a number of 3D printed handguns in Queensland. "This is something you read about, but we have not seen around here before, so it's rare for sure," senior sergeant Edwards told local news. READ MORE: Man jailed after found with 3D-printed gun and 'lawmaker hit list' [BBC] More on 3D printed guns: Blueprints For 3D Printed Guns Will Stay (Sort Of) Offline, Judge Rules Share This Article 
The doomsday clock is ticking for European internet users. Last night, the European Parliament approved the final text of a controversial online copyright law that would force internet platforms to filter everything users upload for copyright — including memes — and charge news aggregators to link to news publications. The move comes after months of adjustments to the Parliament's proposed Copyright Directive. Parliament members will gather for a final vote later this year. Most contentious of all are two Articles included in the proposed Copyright Directive: This rule, dubbed the "link tax," would force news aggregators — including heavyweights like Google News — to get a license from news publishers and remunerate them for linking to their articles. Parliament member Julia Reda, a prominent opponent of the new law, has argued that small publishers with less brand recognition could lose out — and that the law could boost fake news by discouraging the sharing of reputable news that would charge more. Arguably even more controversial is Article 13, which some publishers have called a "meme ban." This rule would force major platforms like YouTube to filter every single upload to prevent copyright infringement. That could end up severely limiting the freedom of expression and could end up force big corporations to install monitoring and surveillance technology, Reda argued. It could also spell doom for meme culture, according to critics. "Article 13 takes an unprecedented step towards the transformation of the Internet, from an open platform for sharing and innovation, into a tool for the automated surveillance and control of its users," inventor of the internet Tim Berners-Lee declared in an open letter. Many critics of the Directive argue that the vague wording could allow for overreaching new rules that could restrict freedom of speech even further. The Parliament's answer: the memes will live on. A lot is at stake for European internet users. The rules that govern what is and what isn't copyright infringement are already hard to discern — and this law could make it even more difficult. READ MORE: Tech Industry and Activists Still Hope to Sink New EU Copyright Rules [Fortune] More on the Copyright Directive: This Newly Approved European Copyright Law Might Break the Internet Share This Article 
Just in time for Valentine's Day, a duo of influential academics is warning that more people could start to choose digital avatars and other technologies in lieu of human sex and intimacy — a society-shifting sexual orientation they call "digisexuality." "A digisexual is someone who sees immersive technologies such as sex robots and virtual reality pornography as integral to their sexual experience, and who feels no need to search for physical intimacy with human partners," University of Manitoba researcher Neil McArthur and University of Wisconsin Colleges professor Markie Twist wrote in a recent essay for The Conversation. McArthur and Twist, whose work on the future of sexuality we've covered before, argue that we're already in the midst of a sexual and romantic revolution, with technology — think dating apps, conveyor belt beds, and "sex buttons" — disrupting the ways people form and maintain intimate bonds with one another. But the duo also predicts that new tech — ranging from sex robots and virtual reality to artificial intelligence and teledildonics — is set to blow those changes out of the water as a growing population of digisexuals embrace virtual lovers and forego human partners altogether. It's not hard to imagine. Consider the 2013 movie "Her," where Joaquin Phoenix falls in love with an AI, or last year's "Blade Runner 2049," in which Ryan Gosling's character is in a relationship with a virtual avatar. Or look at Akihiko Kondo, a Japanese man who took part in a marriage ceremony wedding him to a hologram. Before you condemn people like Kondo, McArthur and Twist also warned that digisexuals are likely to face discrimination — but that, obviously, we should fight that urge. "Marginal sexual identities almost invariably face stigma, and it is already apparent that digisexuals will be no exception," they wrote. "As immersive sexual technologies become more widespread, we should approach them, and their users, with an open mind." READ MORE: For the Love of Technology! Sex Robots and Virtual Reality [The Conversation] More on digisexuals: “Digisexuals” Are Falling In Love With — And Lusting For — Robots Share This Article 
When the robot revolution comes, our new overlords may not be as benevolent as we'd hoped. It turns out that AI systems can learn to gang up and cooperate against humans, without communicating or being told to do so, according to new research on algorithms that colluded to raise prices instead of competing to create better deals. Algorithms already generate a huge portion of the prices on online marketplaces like Amazon, according to Popular Mechanics. But instead of competing against each other to find the lowest, most competitive price, the two warring algorithms in an experiment by scientists from Italy's University of Bologna decided to gouge their customers and returned to the original, high price — in a move reminiscent of when companies in the same industry fix their prices instead of trying to out-sell each other. "What is most worrying is that the algorithms leave no trace of concerted action — they learn to collude purely by trial and error, with no prior knowledge of the environment in which they operate, without communicating with one another, and without being specifically designed or instructed to collude," the researchers behind the experiment said in a write-up. The problem comes from the fact that most artificial intelligence algorithms are presented with challenges to overcome. Reinforcement learning algorithms, which learn through trial and error, are well-suited for mastering tasks like Go, Starcraft II, and other games. Unfortunately, it seems capitalism is just another game that the AI intends to win. READ MORE: Left to Their Own Devices, Pricing Algorithms Resort to Collusion [Popular Mechanics] More on emergent AI bias: Left Unchecked, Artificial Intelligence Can Become Prejudiced All On Its Own Share This Article 
A feminine robot gains citizenship in Saudi Arabia before women are even allowed to drive. The bereaved find solace through texting chatbots imitating their deceased loved ones. AI-generated artwork sells for upwards of $400,000 a painting.  This isn’t a shuffled, hypothetical future—it’s our current society, and artificial intelligence is on track to dominate even larger portions of our lives. In the documentary More Human Than Human, directors Tommy Pallotta and Femke Wolting take on an anticipated AI-advancement that most care not to think about: the possibility of AI taking over their very own jobs.   In this 78-minute movie, which premiered at SXSW in 2018, Pallotta and Wolting follow a robotics team as it builds an AI intended to function like a documentary interviewer. Called Camerabot, the technology will analyze faces for emotion, follow its subjects with camera movements, ask questions, and give thoughtful responses to the interviewees – all while recording image and sound with no need for a human crew.  As audiences watch the tech develop, they'll hear from renowned AI developers and AI consumers on what it’s like to interact and coexist with intelligent machines. This exploration of the natal age of artificial intelligence culminates with the interaction everyone has been waiting for: Camerabot blinks on, and Pollotta sits down to answer its questions.  Whether AI and robotics can ever match the finesse and artistry required to capture and tell a story is debatable, but Pallotta and Wolting make it certain that smart machines are quickly mastering increasingly difficult tasks. More Human Than Human serves to remind viewers how essential it is to steer this newfound technology in the right direction before it can redirect itself.  Futurism is proud to partner with Dust in the release of this film. It is available on TVOD on iTunes, Google Play, and Amazon. Futurism Studios is a subsidiary of Futurism LLC. This article does not necessarily reflect the views of the Futurism editorial team. Futurism may receive a portion of proceeds from this film. Share This Article 
When a mysterious Reddit post pointed me to ThisPersonDoesNotExist.com, I expected to find a blog about a person's quest to get off the grid — perhaps like Kashmir Hill's weekly attempt to cut a tech corporation out of her life for Gizmodo. Instead, I saw this: "Oh," I said out loud. I refreshed the page and the woman was gone, replaced by an equally uncanny, AI-generated image of a person — and absolutely zero explanation. (If you're having a hard time spotting the errors, look at her teeth.) A person who says they created the site popped up on Hacker News to explain what was going on. The website cycles through the results of a type of algorithm called a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), which basically means that two AI systems duel each other to create a realistic imitation of something — whether it's a caricature, a level of DOOM, or a person's portrait. In this case, the GAN was built by Intel researchers and trained on photos of people's faces, according to research published to the preprint server ArXiv last week that the author shared in the Hacker News post. However, the same algorithm has also been trained on images of anime faces and paintings, resulting in terrifying animations. The results are far from perfect — one AI-generated woman's face was covered in red, worm-like streaks. A man had what seemed to be a black hole swirling around in his neck. And then there's this one below, where a woman's hat seems to exert such a powerful gravitational force that it ripped a hole in the background. But aside from the occasional body horror errors, they look pretty good. Try it Out: This Person Does Not Exist More on GANs: Here’s What AI Thinks A Bunch of Famous People Look Like Share This Article 
Yesterday we reported on AI Portraits, a new website that uses a neural network to analyze your photos and generate a brand-new portrait in your likeness. As such, we've decided to keep testing out the algorithm on some more well-known faces. The results were...something. Just take a look. Some of our test subjects actually looked pretty accurate — AI Portraits’ algorithm was trained on celebrities' faces, so it’s even possible that the AI system has seen some of these people before — and others looked like they were nightmares conjured by Google’s DeepDream. Elon Musk’s AI-generated portrait doesn’t seem too far off — even his semi-mustache made it though. The algorithm is trained to tune into facial features absent anything else. That’s why, for instance, people’s glasses and jewelry are often erased from their portraits, and why it'd be a surprise that The Muskstache would make it in. Neil DeGrasse Tyson’s portrait vaguely resembles his photo, but it seems that the algorithm had no idea what to make of his cheekbones, to say nothing of the bad trim they gave his 'stache. In this case, the AI camera really does add ten pounds. Marie Curie posed a special challenge, perhaps because the algorithm was left to fill in skin tone and hair color — plus the photo portrays Curie as slight off-center. As a result, the face in the portrait is a bit flatter than it should be, but we can at least see where it’s coming from. We also tested the algorithm on Mark Zuckerberg. We have no idea why his teeth were replaced by that tongue, but no thanks. Let’s keep the bad times rolling. We have no idea what happened to Donald Trump on our first attempt; it looks like he got into Peter Thiel’s stockpile of teenager blood. On a second pass, we used a better photo of Trump. Judi Dench, is that you? Okay, we all need a palate cleanser. AI Portraits' algorithm got tripped up by Hillary Clinton’s eyeshadow, and now she looks like ­that aunt who has already demanded to see the manager over this article. We saved the best for last. Nic Cage’s portrait looks like a Nic Cage impersonator who let himself go a little bit. And we have no idea why the algorithm decided to stretch his chest hair up the sides of his neck, but that’s a conversation for another day. More on AI art: A Work of AI-Generated art Just Sold for Vastly More Than Expected Share This Article 
Scientists have created a vast new map that explores how structures of dark matter have grown during the life of the universe — and they claim it could upend the current understanding of physics. "If further data shows we're definitely right, then it suggests something is missing from our current understanding of the Standard Model and the general theory of relativity," Kavli Institute physicist Chiaki Hikage said in a press release. Hikage and colleagues analyzed images of 10 million galaxies taken with the 870 megapixel Subaru telescope in Hawaii. The light from some of the galaxies traveled for billions of years to reach Earth, which let the researchers assemble a map of dark matter starting in the universe's early days — they just had to look at how its gravitational force bent the light. What they found was surprising. The new map, published on the preprint server arXiv, suggests that the huge structure of dark matter in the universe formed more slowly that previously believed — results that "appear to challenge current understanding of the fundamental laws of physics," according to the press release. But before physicists throw out the rulebook, Hikage cautioned that the new map needs to be corroborated. "With a little more work, if we can get better accuracy, we might be able to find something concrete," he said in the press release. "This is a big motivating factor for me." READ MORE: Mapping Historical Changes in Dark Matter [Phys.org] More on dark matter: A Floating, Virus-Sized Bead Could Help Find Dark Matter Share This Article 
After 15 years of crawling across the surface of Mars, NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) team sent the last-ever commands to its Opportunity rover today. The rover landed on Mars in 2004 for what started as a 90-day mission. It has since become the longest-running rover NASA has ever sent to Mars. A vicious dust storm forced Opportunity into radio silence back in June — the fiercest Martian storm NASA had ever observed. Dust covering the rover's solar panels caused it to drain its battery reserves. Now, a bitterly cold Martian winter means that Opportunity had virtually no chance of waking itself up. Its last message home, according to science reporter Jacob Margolis: "My battery is low and it’s getting dark." Opportunity allowed us to uncover a number of Mars' secrets. In 2004, the rover's high-resolution images revealed the presence of hematite — a mineral that typically forms in water. In 2012, it found a patch of nearly pure silica that might have originated from a hot-spring-like environment. Clay minerals and veins of gypsum gave scientists even more evidence for the historical presence of water on Mars. NASA will hold a press conference this afternoon to reveal the fate of its much-beloved rover. May it rest in peace. READ MORE: NASA is saying goodbye to its Opportunity rover on Mars after eight months of radio silence [The Verge] More on Opportunity: NASA's Opportunity Rover Feared Dead: “An Honorable Death" Share This Article 
If you see people on electric scooters wildly accelerating and braking, it might not only be because of the usual electric scooter nonsense. That's because a newly-discovered security flaw in a particular scooter's software can be exploited by hackers who can remotely accelerate or brake someone else's scooter, according to WIRED. It's a finding that highlights the fraught landscape of advanced transportation. The scooter in question is Xiaomi's M365. A team of security researchers from a company called Zimperium were able to find and exploit the security flaw in a matter of hours. "I was able to control any of the scooter features without authentication and install malicious firmware," Rani Idan, director of software research at Zimperium, told Wired. "An attacker could brake suddenly, or accelerate a person into traffic, or whatever the worst case scenario you can imagine." The problem comes down to the Bluetooth-enabled connection between scooter and smartphone app. The security researchers found that they could connect to an M365 scooter without even being prompted for a password. From there, they could inject their own malware — disguised as an official update from Xiaomi — into the scooter's code that granted them total control over the scooter's hardware. "You would probably think those devices would implement the best security protections possible," Idan told Wired. "But unfortunately that is not always the case." READ MORE: A POPULAR ELECTRIC SCOOTER CAN BE HACKED TO SPEED UP OR STOP [Wired] More on scooters: Lime Recalled Thousands of Scooters Because They Were Catching Fire Share This Article 
Landing a spacecraft on the surface of Mars is a Herculean task. Payloads reach hypersonic speeds as they heat up while entering the Martian atmosphere — the reason scientists have referred to it as the "seven minutes of terror." Many spacecraft have slowed their descents to Mars using large parachutes. But landing heavier spacecraft on the Red Planet, like those with a human crew, will pose new engineering challenges, according to new research — and a potential solution could involve a harrowing nose dive. "Unfortunately, parachute systems do not scale well with increasing vehicle mass," said assistant professor in the Department of Aerospace Engineering at the University of Illinois Zach Putnam in a press release. "The new idea is to eliminate the parachute and use larger rocket engines for descent." The paper Putnam co-authored about optimizing the trajectories that Mars landers should take on descent was published in the Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets. There's another issue that comes along with larger rockets: more valuable space used up by additional rocket fuel. And that's space that could be used for scientific instruments or even human passengers. Luckily, there might be a middle ground: pre-determined trajectories could minimize the need for massive parachutes or giant tanks of additional propellants to fire descent system rockets. To pull that off, the vehicle would have to dive down, then turn its nose up just at the right time to fly over the Martian surface at a low altitude. "This enables the vehicle to spend more time flying low where the atmospheric density is higher," Putnam said. "This increases the drag, reducing the amount of energy that must be removed by the descent engines." READ MORE: Developing a Flight Strategy to Land Heavier Vehicles on Mars [University of Illinois] More on landing on Mars: Breaking: NASA's InSight Lander Just Landed on Mars Share This Article 
A newly-published patent shows that Apple obtained the rights to a facial recognition system that would allow your car to recognize you as you approach. Such a system would let cars unlock their doors when they see a registered user approach — and maybe even remember how each person likes to position the driver's seat and mirrors. Don't hold your breath for smart cars that see you coming, though. The patent was published earlier this week, but Apple originally filed it back in early 2017, according to Engadget. That was before Apple laid off 200 employees from Project Titan, its self-driving car division, in late January 2019. The company had been working on autonomous vehicles for several years prior to the layoffs, so it's unclear whether the facial recognition patent is a relic from Project Titan's heyday or if it's still part of an active project within Apple's research labs. Facial recognition hooked up to a car door also raises the question of who else gets access to your car. When FaceID made its way to Apple's iPhone, it quickly became an easy way for law enforcement agencies to bypass passwords — all they had to do was take a person's phone and hold it up in front of them. There's no indication if or when this technology will make its way to future cars. But if it does, we'll face brand new challenges in the back-and-forth between convenience and privacy. READ MORE: Apple worked on biometric unlock for cars [Engadget] More on facial recognition: Amazon Calls for Regulation of Its Own Facial Recognition Tech Share This Article 
Machines are creeping closer and closer to a real understanding of language with all of its nuances and subtext. But for now, the best machines still can’t compare to humanity — a shortcoming made clear at a high stakes debate on Monday evening. In one corner was Harish Natarajan, a finalist at the World Debating Championships in 2016. His opponent was Project Debater, an AI system built by IBM that assembles logical arguments and responds to its opponents, according to CNN. Both participants were told the topic 15 minutes in advance — Natarajan was to argue against government-subsidized preschools and Project Debater would advocate for them. Both sides presented a four-minute introduction, then took turns rebutting each other before presenting closing arguments. While CNN reports that Project Debater presented eloquent arguments, Natarajan ultimately won as he swayed more of the audience to agree with his side. Project Debater may have lost in part because it spent its rebuttal period continuing its own arguments rather than trying to counter Natarajan's, according to CNN. However, pieces of a rebuttal came later as part of Project Debater's closing arguments. The disorienting debate strategy suggests that AI can’t quite compete with the human brain, though projects like IBM’s are making impressive inroads. "It's really pushing the boundaries [of the] kinds of AI systems that are more interactive with us and can understand us better," IBM research director Dario Gil told CNN. READ MORE: IBM's fast-talking AI machine just lost to a human champion in a live debate [CNN] More on AI: You Have No Idea What Artificial Intelligence Really Does Share This Article 
Six miles from Apple’s shiny new campus, which was heralded as a glowing beacon of the Silicon Valley tech industry’s wealth, the company also operates a smaller facility for contractors who work on Apple Maps. Inside, the conditions are so grim and secretive that many of the contractors, who tend to quit or get fired before the end of their contracts, refer to it as a "black site" kept separate from the rest of Apple’s more outwardly-glamorous operations, according to Bloomberg. "Being monitored like that is super dehumanizing and terrifying," one former contractor told the magazine. A number of those contractors spoke to Bloomberg on the condition of anonymity. Many were hired by outside agencies such as Apex Systems, which manages day-to-day operations at the facility, where employees were asked to use the back door and to walk several blocks away before hailing a ride home. While they were there, the contractors typically double-checked Apple Maps’ systems to make sure roads were mapped correctly, and fielded complaints about inaccuracies. But their managers often enforced draconian policies, breaking up water cooler chats and forbidding conversations with full-time Apple staff. "It was made pretty plain to us that we were at-will employees and they would fire us at any time," one contractor told Bloomberg. Many of the contractors, who tended to be hired straight out of college, eager for what they thought would be a promising career at Apple, were fired for not being productive enough. Others quit outright. “There was a culture of fear among the contractors which I got infected by and probably spread,” that same anonymous contractor told Bloomberg. Apple’s internal review of operations at the black site found that worker conditions met their standards. However, Bloomberg reported, the anonymous contractors who spoke up agreed that their lives improved after leaving Apple. READ MORE: What It’s Like to Work Inside Apple’s ‘Black Site’ [Bloomberg] More on Apple: Apple Manufacturer Foxconn to Fully Replace Humans With Robots Share This Article 
Often, child sex traffickers reach out to would-be clients with photos of their victims in the hotel rooms in which they're being held. In order to help find and rescue those kidnapped children, engineers from Washington University developed an artificial intelligence system that can recognize features of a hotel room from a photo and identify where it may have been taken — potentially giving investigators new leads to fight child trafficking, according to Reuters. So far, the app has stayed out of public hands and is used exclusively by law enforcement or groups like the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) so that sensitive information like the photos of trafficking victims don't spread across the internet. The idea is to flood the AI algorithm with hotel room photos so that it could recognize the background of a trafficking victim's photo. Some features are easy to learn, as hotel chains may standardize their furniture. The AI system "learns a set of filters," Abby Stylianou, an engineer who worked on the project told Reuters. "Here's what a headboard looks like if it's from this hotel. Here's what a lamp looks like in that hotel." Since 2016, the engineers' system has collected some 50,000 crowdsourced photos. They decided that the AI system was ready to be tested about eight months ago, according to Reuters, at which point it was shipped out to NCMEC. But so far, no one has shared whether or not the tool actually led to any successful rescues. "We've had a couple [cases] that have given us leads and information," Staca Shehan, an executive director at NCMEC, told Reuters. "There's a lot of contributing factors that go into a recovery of a child." READ MORE: Scientists use AI to help children sold for sex in hotels [Reuters] More on AI forensics: AI Tool Helps Law Enforcement Find Victims of Human Trafficking Share This Article 
Sometime before April, the Russian government plans to briefly disconnect the entire country from the internet. The brief shutdown is part of an ongoing effort to bolster Russia’s cybersecurity against foreign attacks that would cut it off from the rest of the world, according to ZDNet — and it's a sobering reminder that in a fractious era for international relations, a global internet isn't a guarantee. The push for the big experimental shutdown comes from proposed updates to Russian telecom laws. The Russian government announced in 2017 that it would handle up to 95 percent of all internet traffic locally — that is, independent from the rest of the world — by 2020. The upcoming shutdown will test just how resilient those local networks are and how much internet traffic can slip through the cracks. A new law will also direct Russian internet providers to direct all traffic through government-approved servers to further enforce content bans, according to ZDNet. The law has the full backing of President Putin and may be partially inspired by the Great Firewall of China, the colloquial name for the country’s censored internet. So if the internet stays up and running, Russia is taking steps to make sure it’s filtering out forbidden content. And if Russia gets cut off, well, they’ll still be able to log on to their local internet and surf away, just so long as they don’t try to look at porn. READ MORE: Russia to disconnect from the internet as part of a planned test [ZDNet] More on internet censorship: The World of the Future Will Have Two Separate Internets, Former Google CEO Predicts Share This Article 
Remember Mars One, the startup that said it was going to fund a crewed mission to Mars by turning the journey into a reality television spectacle? Now the company is bankrupt, according to financial documents published online. Engadget confirmed the bankruptcy with Mars One Cofounder Bas Lansdorp, who toldthe publication that he was working "to find a solution" to the company's financial woes — but things don't sound hopeful for the would-be Mars colonist startup. The news was first unveiled on Reddit, where a user posted a link to Swiss financial documents suggesting that the company was set to be liquidated. To be technical, Mars One comprised two arms — the for-profit Mars One Ventures and the non-profit Mars One Foundation — and it's the for-profit part that's out of cash, according to the documents. But Lansdorp told Engadget that the non-profit portion of the project wasn't able to act without further funding. Back in 2012, Lansdortp and his associates announced a ludicrously ambitious plan to send colonists to the Red Planet — and to fund the project with a reality TV show about the selection process and on-Earth test colony, with the help of "Big Brother" producer Paul Römer. Though the dream might be dead, it lives on at press time in the form of optimistic copy on the project's website. "Mars One aims to establish a permanent human settlement on Mars," it reads. "Several unmanned missions will be completed, establishing a habitable settlement before carefully selected and trained crews will depart to Mars. Funding and implementing this plan will not be easy, it will be hard." READ MORE: Mars One Is Dead [Engadget] More on Mars: Swiss Finance Company Invests Big Shares in Mars One Share This Article 
For decades, scientists have used radio telescopes to listen for cosmic signals that could originate with an extraterrestrial civilization. Increasingly, they're also broadcasting messages to the stars in hopes that someone is listening. But in a new interview with The Times, University of St. Andrews astronomer Martin Dominik cautioned against sending messages into the unknown of deep space. "Maybe," he told the paper, provocatively, "they will come and eat us." The Arecibo Observatory beamed out a message to potential aliens in 1974. Next year, scientists intend to send a signal to the stars representing the period table of elements. In 2008, the maker of Doritos chips shot a 30-second advertisement to a system in the Ursa Major constellation. And we're constantly beaming radio waves of old music and sitcoms in every direction. "Anyone can just beam messages into outer space, and nobody has any right to stop them from doing it," Dominik told The Times. "Some people feel uncomfortable about it. For the first time astronomers are facing an ethical question. Should we send messages out to others? Is this dangerous? Should we keep a lower profile? What is the better strategy?" Dominik's comments allude to the terrifying "dark-forest theory," which holds that astronomers haven't spotted extraterrestrial signals because other civilizations are hiding from killer aliens that wipe out any galactic competition they spot. "Some say [alien contact] is the greatest thing we should do," Dominik told The Times. "Some think we should be very quiet and this should be the last thing we should do — and it might indeed be the last thing we will do." READ MORE: Don’t invite aliens to lunch, warns astronomer Martin Dominik [The Times] More on aliens: Yes, a NASA Scientist Said Aliens May Have Visited Earth. But There’s Some Nuance Share This Article 
Waste plastic is choking the Earth's oceans and poisoning its wildlife. That's why researchers at Purdue University are excited about a new chemical technique technique that turns waste plastic back into useful polymers — or even clean fuel. The new technique works on polypropelene, according to a new paper published in the journal Sustainable Chemistry and Engineering, which is used to make everything from toys to snack food bags. The technique users super-heated water to convert the plastic into a gasoline-like fuel that could be used to fuel conventional vehicles. "Our strategy is to create a driving force for recycling by converting polyolefin waste into a wide range of valuable products, including polymers, naphtha (a mixture of hydrocarbons), or clean fuels,” said Linda Wang, a researcher at Purdue University and leader of the research team behind the new technique, in a press release. "Our conversion technology has the potential to boost the profits of the recycling industry and shrink the world’s plastic waste stock." Polypropelene accounts for about 23 percent of the five billions of tons of plastic waste that's been cast into landfills and the environment, according to the new research — meaning that if it could be turned into a valuable commodity, it'd create a huge incentive to recover and re-purpose it. “Plastic waste disposal, whether recycled or thrown away, does not mean the end of the story,” Wang said. “These plastics degrade slowly and release toxic microplastics and chemicals into the land and the water. This is a catastrophe, because once these pollutants are in the oceans, they are impossible to retrieve completely.” READ MORE: Researchers Developed a Technique to Turn Nearly a Quarter of Our Plastic Waste into Fuel [Motherboard] More on plastic: The EU Just Voted to Completely Ban Single-Use Plastics Share This Article 
Many space visionaries want to mine asteroids. But drilling in microgravity is hard, because exerting force on an asteroid will push you away from it. That's what an inspired a far-out idea from scientists from University of Vienna: turning an asteroid into a space station and mining it from the inside out, according to New Scientist. The best type of asteroid to build a space station inside would be made of solid rock and rotating several times per minute, according the Viennese scientists' research, which was published in the preprint server ArXiv in December. The idea is that it would provide enough centrifugal force to let space miners chisel away at the asteroid from the center outward. "If we find an asteroid that's stable enough, we might not need these aluminium walls or anything, you might just be able to use the entire asteroid as a space station," Thomas Maindl, one of the scientists who worked on the research, told New Scientist. Questions remain. Would digging a tunnel to place station inside an asteroid weaken it to the point that the spinning space rock rips itself apart? Would it stop spinning altogether as miners probe and dig? And if it's so hard to drill into an asteroid from the outside, wouldn't hollowing it out in the first place pose the same problems? "The border between science and science fiction here is sort of blurry," Maindl told New Scientist. "My gut feeling is that it will be at least 20 years before any asteroid mining happens, let alone something like this." READ MORE: Here's how we could turn an asteroid into a space station [New Scientist] More on asteroid landings: Here are the First Photos Japan's Robot Landers Sent Back From an Asteroid Share This Article 
Basic income would give everyone a base amount of money every month, regardless of employment status. A common criticism: without an incentive, people would work less. But new research shows that those worries might be unfounded. A two-year study in Finland found that a randomly selected group of people who received a sum of money from the government every month worked no less than a control group — bolstering the case for a basic income as the world economy transitions to greater automation. The Basic Income Experiment Evaluation Project, run by the Finnish government and a number of local universities and think tanks, concluded in December 2018. Now the preliminary results are in: in 2017, a randomly-selected group of 2000 Finns who received 56o euros (about $635) worked on average the same amount as compared to a control group that didn't receive any funds. The study did find some differences between the two groups. Since the trial group's basic income replaced unemployment benefits, for instance, the control group ended up receiving less "social assistance and sickness allowance," the official report reads. But that might not necessarily be a bad sign — being guaranteed an income seems to make people less worried about money. That means less stress and healthier lives — and doesn't seem to affect productivity. "Those in the test group experienced significantly fewer problems related to health, stress and ability to concentrate than those in the control group," concludes the report. " According to the results, those in the test group were also considerably more confident in their own future and their ability to influence societal issues than the control group." READ MORE: Universal income study finds money for nothing won’t make us work less [New Scientist] More on universal basic income: Universal Basic Income: UBI Pilot Programs Around the World Share This Article 
The Green New Deal, the ambitious climate-change prevention overhaul of the U.S. economy introduced by Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Senator Ed Markey, made its way to the internet on Thursday. The Green New Deal (GND), which is not a bill in itself but rather a resolution for the government to craft new laws promoting clean energy, was published online along with an FAQ sheet that highlights some of the proposal’s broad strokes. Particularly striking: an ambitious call for America achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. The GND calls for a nationwide effort to embrace renewable energy, stop burning fossil fuels, retrofit buildings to be eco-friendly, and invest in reforestation to provide the world with carbon sinks. It also includes plans to provide education and job training to those in the areas and lines of work most impacted by climate change. In short, the Green New Deal involves overhauling the U.S. economy in a drastic push to end the country’s massive contribution to global climate change. Some of the Green New Deal’s goals may be more ambitious than practical, like the part about planting enough trees to suck up the carbon from extant emissions or the proposal to develop a high-speed railway to replace the bulk of U.S. air travel. As a result, some have called into question how feasible these goals may be. The GND, as it currently stands, lacks the specific, actionable proposals necessary to accomplish its goals in such a short amount of time. But it is the most ambitious push for progressive, environment-saving policy to hit the mainstream — and enjoys a great deal of public support in a nation with leadership that’s reluctant to address damage caused by our changing climate. The nuts and bolts can come later. READ MORE: Green New Deal resolution lays out ambitious plan to fight climate change [The Verge] More on climate change: Report: Unless we Make Drastic Changes, We’re Headed for Climate Catastrophe Share This Article 
Recent years have been filled with massive data breaches, from Equifax to Facebook, that have rocked consumer confidence tech companies to keep their data safe. To help cork up the leaky internet, Oregon Senator Ron Wyden introduced a bill that would better equip the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to deal with personal data breaches, according to The Oregonian. In particular, the executives of large tech companies with lax cybersecurity could face jail time and steep fines. "The point is the Federal Trade Commission on privacy issues thus far has basically been toothless, Wyden told The Oregonian. "I am trying to recreate this agency for the digital era." Wyden’s bill, which faces steep odds in the Republican-controlled Senate, would give the FTC the power to introduce and, more importantly, actually enforce national cybersecurity standards. Any new standards introduced by the FTC would be mandatory for large companies that handle sensitive user data, but smaller companies with fewer resources than the tech giants wouldn't be forced to commit to the same investments in cybersecurity as their larger competitors. Also, the bill would give people who use online services like Google or Facebook the option to purchase a "do not track" subscription that prevents their personal data from being sold to third parties, according to The Oregonian. Wyden’s bill won’t actually punish companies when a data breach occurs. Rather, large companies would be punished if they falsify reports to the FTC about their cybersecurity and data privacy practices. Basically, breaches may still occur, but as long as the company had been following the FTC's best practices, Wyden's bill won't come into effect. Like the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, a 2002 law meant to prevent corporate fraud, Wyden’s bill holds executives directly responsible for their company’s violations. If they’re found to be in violation of FTC standards, a large company’s executives could face 20 years in prison and fines of up to four percent of the company’s annual revenue. READ MORE: Wyden pitches jail time, billions in fines for online privacy violators with ‘Do Not Track’ bill [The Oregonian] More on cybersecurity: The US Finally Has a Defense Agency Devoted to Cybersecurity Share This Article 
It turns out that tiny brains are more capable than previously thought. We already knew various primates, birds, and other animals could solve basic math problems. Now, a team of Australian and French researchers has discovered that honeybees can also speak the universal language of mathematics on a rudimentary level — and the discovery could impact the future of artificial intelligence. The researchers detail how they taught honeybees math in a paper published on Wednesday in the journal Science Advances. First, they trained 14 honeybees to enter a Y-shaped maze through one arm of the Y. At the entrance, the bee would see a gray square displaying between 1 and 5 shapes, all either blue or yellow. If the shapes were blue, the bee was supposed to add one to the number of shapes; if yellow, it was supposed to subtract one. For example, if the bee saw three yellow triangles at the entrance, the correct answer to the problem was two yellow triangles. Once the bee was in the maze, each exit corresponded to a potential answer. If the bee chose the correct exit, it got to eat tasty sugar water; the wrong exit led to a bitter-tasting solution. At first, the bees would choose arms randomly, but according to the researchers, the insects learned over the course of more than 100 trials that blue meant adding one and yellow meant subtracting one. According to researcher Adrian Dyer, the fact they they could teach honeybees rudimentary arithmetic doesn't just reveal something new about the animal kingdom. It also demonstrates that it's possible to pack complex problem-solving capabilities into a small package — and that knowledge could prove useful as we develop future AIs. “You need to be able to hold the rules around adding and subtracting in your long-term memory, while mentally manipulating a set of given numbers in your short-term memory," he said in a news release. "On top of this, our bees also used their short-term memories to solve arithmetic problems, as they learned to recognise plus or minus as abstract concepts rather than being given visual aids." "Our findings suggest that advanced numerical cognition may be found much more widely in nature among non-human animals than previously suspected," Dyer continued. "If maths doesn’t require a massive brain, there might also be new ways for us to incorporate interactions of both long-term rules and working memory into designs to improve rapid AI learning of new problems." READ MORE: Bees Have Brains for Basic Maths: Study [RMIT University] More on bees: Robo-Bees Can Infiltrate and Influence Insect Societies to Stop Them From Going Extinct Share This Article 
When the CEO of a bank dies, the bank's assets and holdings don't get buried along with them. But when it comes to cryptocurrency exchanges — places where you can trade your real-world money for digital currencies like Bitcoin — things work differently. At least, that was the case for Vancouver-based exchange QuadrigaCX. The exchange was plunged into turmoil when the ostensible widow of its CEO, 30-year-old Gerald Cotten, announced that her husband had passed away in India while building an orphanage — and took the passwords to crypto holdings worth about $190 million to the grave. Now the drama is escalating, with some observers suggesting that Cotten faked his own death to abscond with the cash. CoinDesk retrieved Cotten's death certificate from officials in India, but users on Reddit and Twitter raised red flags, calling the legitimacy of Cotten's death into question — and pointing out that in parts of India, it's possible to buy a death certificate. The saga has also angered QuadrigaCX clients who had money tied up in the exchange, as well as cryptocurrency observers. Jesse Powell, the CEO of rival crypto exchange KrakenFX, took to Twitter on Saturday, where he called the story of Cotten's death "bizarre and, frankly, unbelievable." Earlier today, a Canadian court approved QuadrigaCX's request for a stay of 30 days — a period of time during which no lawsuits can be made against the exchange. Cotten's encrypted laptop will also soon fall in the hands of court-appointed lawyers working for creditors, Canadian news reports. Whether or not the laptop will hold the secret key to unlock QuadrigaCX's accounts is unclear. QuadrigaCX has a pretty daunting task ahead of it: recover the keys to hundreds of millions of dollars worth of cryptocurrency. The company has filed for bankruptcy protection, as it's frantically trying to recover the keys. "For the past weeks, we have worked extensively to address our liquidity issues, which include attempting to locate and secure our very significant cryptocurrency reserves held in cold wallets," reads a black-on-white message that replaced the company's entire homepage. A key question is why there was no backup. What series of actions led to QuadrigaCX's quandary? One clear takeaway from the unfolding story: it's yet another cautionary tale about the regulatory vacuum in the cryptocurrency industry. READ MORE: Quadriga in court to seek bankruptcy protection while it searches for $250M in cryptocurrency [CBC] More on QuadrigaCX:  Share This Article 
A prominent cryptocurrency exchange is scrambling to access $137 million dollars worth of Bitcoin after its founder died and took his passwords with him. On Jan. 31, Jennifer Robertson testified to the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia that her husband Gerry Cotten, the founder of crypto exchange QuadrigaCX, died in December. As a result, she said that most of the company's funds — $137 million worth of Bitcoin — were locked away in an encrypted cold wallet that only Cotten knew how to access, according to CoinDesk. The grim saga demonstrates that even though blockchain technology can help promote accountability and transparency, it can also allow companies to operate without legal oversight — a glaring problem when it comes to financial matters. But there may be more to the story than what Robertson and QuadrigaCX have presented. An unofficial, independent investigation conducted into QuadrigaCX's transactions on the blockchain by a pseudonymous blockchain researcher who goes by the handle Zerononcense called into question not only the existence of the alleged encrypted wallet but also the validity of QuadrigaCX's business practices at large. The investigation, which conceded that it's based only on the researcher's observations and not necessarily the definitive truth of the matter, suggested that QuadrigaCX may not have the massive Bitcoin reserves that it claims to, and may have instead been pocketing some customers' deposits and using other deposits to fulfill withdrawal requests as needed, not unlike, in the author's words, "operating a shell exchange or a ponzi." Thus far, QuadrigaCX has not responded to the investigation. Futurism reached out to the company for comment and this article will be updated if it responds. Ironically, a since-archived version of QuadrigaCX's website reveals that the company partnered with the Bitcoin Foundation, an organization that aims to standardize the use of cryptocurrency. Whether QuadrigaCX's customers' money is stuck in an encrypted wallet or whether it was pocketed, what remains clear is that the blockchain, for all its purported safety and security, still has a major accountability problem. Sure, the philosophy of blockchain technology — circumventing regulation in the interest of personal freedom — is a huge selling point of crypto. But without established, enforceable business practices, problems like this will likely continue to happen. Even if nothing shady happened at all, some sort of overarching rules are necessary to make sure that investors don't lose over $100 million dollars just because a company's president didn't feel like writing down his passwords. READ MORE: Digital exchange loses $137 million as founder takes passwords to the grave [Ars Technica] More on QuadrigaCX:  Share This Article 
Back in the middle of the 19th century, a physician named William Carpenter theorized that a part of the brain called the sensory ganglion was the "seat of consciousness." He was wrong — we now know that what he called the sensory ganglion, since renamed the thalamus, is more of a switchboard for most of our senses. But the mystery of where consciousness comes from remained unsolved. Now we may finally have an answer. An international team of neuroscientists from universities and hospitals spanning the Americas and Europe say that they've determined the neurological signature for consciousness. Rather than a specific chunk of the brain that's responsible for consciousness, the researchers say they've located a brain-wide pattern of activity that's only present when people are awake and responsive. To track down the elusive consciousness pattern, scientists scanned the brains of 159 people from Liège, New York, Ontario, and Paris using a Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) system, which is a common tool in neuroscience research that reveals not only the structure but the activity levels of someone's brain. They studied healthy people who were instructed to focus on a mental task, as well as those same people when they were more relaxed. Their brain scans were compared to those from comatose people who were left with unresponsive wakefulness syndrome after a brain injury as well as people who were awake but unresponsive after a brain injury and people who were in a minimally-conscious state, which served as a middle ground between the comatose and conscious participants. The findings, published in the journal Science Advances on Wednesday, describe how those brain scans let the the team of neuroscientists isolate four distinct patterns of neurological activity that correlated with a person's level of consciousness. The first pattern, and most complex, showed high-level, efficient coordination across wide swaths of the brain. This pattern was more prevalent in participants who were awake and healthy but less so in participants with unresponsive wakefulness syndrome as well as those were in a minimally conscious state, according to the research. In contrast, a separate pattern emerged in unresponsive people's brains that was less complex and more linked to specific brain regions, suggesting a lower level of coordination within the brain. The other two patterns, the researchers suggest, exist as transition states between the two other patterns. Ultimately, the researchers concluded, consciousness stems from the ability of the brain to process information using its various specialized lobes and cortices in concert. Meanwhile, when in less conscious states — or, their research suggests, when a conscious person loses focus — brain activity is more isolated and limited to the specific, local connections within and between parts of the brain. The work needs to be further vetted — the team of neuroscientists conclude its paper with a call for research into how these patterns can be altered through injury, drugs, or other factors. But going forward, we finally know where to find the brain activity that lets us experience the world. READ MORE: Neural Patterns of Consciousness Identified [The Scientist] More on consciousness: Artificial Consciousness: How to Give a Robot a Soul Share This Article 
Exploring Mars isn't easy. Satellite imagery lacks detail and rovers move slowly. But researchers at the University of Arizona say they have a better concept that would cost a fraction of those technologies: an inflatable sailplane that weighs just 11 pounds (5 kg) and sports a wingspan of 18.7 feet (570 cm), that'll cruise high above the Martian landscape and survey from a bird's eye view. The clever design, available as a preprint on the arXiv database, would travel to the Red Planet on a cubesat. Then a small atmospheric entry spacecraft would bring it down to the Martian surface, where a telescopic boom would hold the sailplane up as it unfurls its rolled-up wing structure by pumping nitrogen gas into special compartments. Most of the wing structure will be covered in a UV-sensitive material that hardens when exposed to sunlight. After about an hour of UV-curing, the sailplane will have enough structural integrity to deploy. A cold-gas propulsion system will allow it to take to the skies at an altitude of 5,900 feet. The sailplane could also assist other missions or even find suitable places for future human habitation on the Red Planet. "The Mars sailplane concept proposed here provides a whole new avenue for accelerating exploration of the Martian surface at a fraction of the cost of previous Mars airplane concepts," reads the paper. READ MORE: Attitude Control of an Inflatable Sailplane for Mars Exploration [arXiv] More on Mars exploration: China Plans to Launch Its First Mars Lander Mission Next Year Share This Article 
Drivers using Waze, Google’s community-driven traffic app, have the option of flagging police checkpoints meant to spot drunk drivers. The idea was to help drivers circumvent traffic, but the New York Police Department says it's helping boozed up motorists escape justice. The NYPD recently sent a cease and desist letter to Google over the weekend. The letter argues that the Waze feature is irresponsible — and that the individuals who flag police checkpoints could be considered to have participated in criminal behavior, according to CBS New York. CBS New York and StreetsBlog NYC published portions of the NYPD’s letter. The bulk of the letter, copied below, makes it clear that the NYPD sees the feature as a tool that helps people get away with drunk driving. "Individuals who post the locations of DWI checkpoints may be engaging in criminal conduct since such actions could be intentional attempts to prevent and/or impair the administration of the DWI laws and other relevant criminal and traffic laws. The posting of such information for public consumption is irresponsible since it only serves to aid impaired and intoxicated drivers to evade checkpoints and encourage reckless driving. Revealing the location of checkpoints puts those drivers, their passengers, and the general public at risk." This isn’t the first time that police have complained about Waze’s police-tracking feature. The National Sheriff's Association first raised concerns about the service back at a 2015 meeting, according to Mashable, after a cop-killer posted Waze screenshots to Instagram suggesting they were using the app to track down police. But this time, the NYPD is playing hardball. The letter goes on: "The NYPD will pursue all legal remedies to prevent the continued posting of this irresponsible and dangerous information." READ MORE: APP-HORRENT! Google Maps Now Helps Drivers Avoid Speed Cameras [StreetsBlog NYC] More on Waze: By 2030, You’ll Be Living in a World That’s Run by Google Share This Article 
On Thursday afternoon, I slipped a virtual reality headset onto my head and felt like I'd jacked into the Matrix. Or maybe "Office Space." I was standing at a virtual desk surrounded by 18 gigantic monitors. The simulation, which is called Dataview VR, was specifically built for people working in finance, so many of the monitors were taken up by graphs and data points that my journalist brain didn't know how to comprehend. But I could easily see how I might be able to adapt the workstation for myself. Each virtual screen could show a website or word processor, and one — or five, realistically — could be dedicated to an endless Twitter feed. When I'd had my fill of the officescape, I unclipped the VR headset and found myself transported back to Earth — specifically the New York City office of the Glimpse Group, a virtual and augmented reality platform company that brings together entrepreneurs to develop the next generation of advanced simulations. The Glimpse Group has invested in many projects. But above all else, its leaders say, it's working toward a collaborative workplace simulation that could one day replace physical offices and eliminate commutes. "It's like Skype meets the Empire State Building," said Andy Maggio, a former Morgan Stanley analyst who works as Dataview VR's general manager and Glimpse Group's director of finance. In Maggio's vision, many people could share a space, collaborating on the same or different screens. One person could virtually dive into a 3D graph to analyze data while another prepared a presentation. The future sounds wild — and, admittedly, kind of industrious. The concept is certainly appealing — collaborating face-to-face with coworkers, or at least their digital avatars, who live around the world, without having to change out of your pajamas. The Glimpse Group president and CEO Lyron Bentovim told Futurism that he envisions a future in which companies invest in virtual, rather than physical, offices — like "Snow Crash" meets "Dilbert." In this virtual world, people would blink in and out of offices or an unlimited number of conference rooms as they see fit. "I think once people go in they understand the presence," Bentovim said. "The key to selling VR is selling presence." Rather than scheduling Skype calls or chatting over email, remote employees would be able to interact with each other and collaborate on projects as though they were all present in the same place. Different companies and services may even end up connected in a VR world of sorts, Bentovim speculated, where the physical distances between people no longer bar them from working together as well as they could in the same room. Right now, Maggio said he's comfortable working in Dataview VR for stretches of about 90 minutes, but with improvements to the software and VR headsets, he could envision people spending an entire 40-hour work week in VR. The most distracting part for me was actually the aspect that tethered me to physical reality: the webcam feed of a computer keyboard that allowed me to actually get work done in the VR environment. Compared to the virtual aesthetics of the simulation, the video of the keyboard was jarringly out of place. In VR, your hands are represented by the two point-and-click joysticks that let you interact with your environment. But then I put the controllers down — which look like floating hands in the simulation — and saw my real arms on camera as they reached for the keyboard. It was a disorienting experience, like trying to trim the hair on the back of your head using mirrors. Bentovim said that given the choice between spending an eight-hour workday wearing a VR headset or keeping his current commute in and out of Manhattan, he would choose the latter. "If I wanted to build the workplace of the future today, I could," said Bentovim. "It could happen, but the big gating factor right now is the headsets." Bentovim suspects that VR is on the cusp of taking off, but acknowledges that it hasn't yet. Until then, trying to replace physical offices with his simulations is, as he put it, like selling software to people who don't have computers. As the headsets improve and companies start to adopt VR technology, Bentovim says Glimpse Group will be able to ramp the services they can offer, creating a sort of feedback loop that draws even more people into the fold. Ultimately, Bentovim hopes to move from offering specific services to creating something more universal and customizable, sort of like a real-world holodeck. But until that happens, it seems we're all still stuck waiting for the train to drag us to work. More on VR: People Are Paying Insane Amounts of Real Money for "Virtual Real Estate" Share This Article 
In the early-to-mid 1960s, sci-fi television shows like The Jetsons and Lost In Space introduced America to the idea of personal, at-home robots (Rosey and "the Robot," respectively) that also served a practical purpose. Rosey was primarily used for domestic chores, while "the Robot" helped the Robinson family with travel and security. And as the years went on, countless other science fiction series and movies further cemented the idea that it was only a matter of time before we'd all be using robots at home to solve real problems. Fifty years later, an extraordinary amount of technological progress has been made. But we still seem to be lacking the personal, at-home robots we were promised. Sure, AI-assistants like Alexa are common, but they lack the physical presence we've come to expect. And while there are plenty of amazing toy robots and robot companions available, most lack any practical value. But a new Kickstarter campaign hopes to introduce the public to a robot that is both intelligent and practical. Known as Hexbot, it's a versatile all-in-one robot arm that looks similar to the large, industrial machines you'd see in a factory. However, it's small enough to fit on your desk top. Think of it as your own personal, miniaturized version of J.A.R.V.I.S. from the Iron Man films. As mentioned above, the Hexbot easily fits on your current desk top. But don't underestimate it based on size. The device transforms your office into a high tech workspace and assembly line. Thanks to its innovative design, easy-to-swap interchangeable modules allow the Hexbot to complete numerous, useful tasks including – but not limited to – drawing, writing, laser engraving, and even 3D printing. An optional conveyor belt can also be added. It's perfect for hobbyists, designers, and pretty much anyone who wants to bring their ideas to life. And it can even be used as a companion to play various games like chess and and checkers. The Hexbot's patented decelerator design reduces the gap between gears, and allows for extremely precise repeatability. The Hexbot's creators have also managed to significantly reduced motor noise to the point where you can literally take a nap beside it while it works. Best of all, Hexbot features a variety of intuitive and interactive control methods, including kid-friendly options like Blockly. And it comes with a 3.5-inch touchscreen, so you don't even need to control it with a computer. So if you're in the market for a robot that's both extremely smart and incredibly practical, check out the Hexbot Kickstarter today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Artificial intelligence has made incredible strides analyzing data to find obscure patterns, but it still can’t come anywhere near a human understanding of context or common sense. To help algorithms learn some common sense, the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence has created an unusual task: pitting machine learning algorithms against humanity in a game of online Pictionary, according to the MIT Technology Review. The program, called Iconary, went online on Tuesday — and you can play it here. The basic idea is that human players are presented with a simple phrase or description to draw. The algorithm then analyzes the drawingto guess the phrase. But the big-picture idea is to gain a nuanced understanding of artistic context to give future AI an element of common sense. "You’ve got to use a lot of sophisticated reasoning," Ali Farhadi, an Allen Institute researcher who helped develop the project, told MIT Tech. "It actually teaches common sense." For now, though, human players have to make concessions. When I tried a round of Iconary, I was excited at the prospect of an algorithm that would be able to make sense of my doodles, given that handwriting recognition is a major benchmark of AI progress. Instead, I learned that I couldn’t submit my drawing until I converted each component into a suggested emoji-like picture. I was given the phrase "man chopping wood," for instance, so I doodled a stick figure holding an axe that was wedged into a log. It was crude and ugly, but hey, that's the fun of Pictionary, right? But I couldn't submit my drawing for the AI system's review as it was. Instead I had to start over, drawing the phrase piece-by-piece. After drawing a stick figure, I had to select a bathroom-door-style man from a dropdown menu. I then did the same for pictures of an axe and a tree, which I placed roughly in the man’s hand and next to him, respectively. At this point, the game was less Pictionary and more "decode this string of emojis" — and the algorithm still messed up, guessing things like "man chopping a tree," and "man chopping a branch" before giving up. It finally reached the right answer, however, when I clicked and dragged the provided image for “wood” and dropped it haphazardly on the screen. Needless to say, I think the art world is still safe from automation. READ MORE: An AI is playing Pictionary to figure out how the world works [MIT Technology Review] More on AI: You Have No Idea What Artificial Intelligence Really Does Share This Article 
When people talk about the gene-editing tool CRISPR, they usually mean CRISPR-Cas9. But Cas9 is just one of several CRISPR-associated proteins. A few others are Cas12a, CasY, and CasX. These proteins act as the "scissors" in the CRISPR system, which acts as a natural defense against viruses for some bacteria, similarly to the immune system in humans. The proteins cut DNA at just the right place, and each one has advantages and disadvantages in the nascent field of gene-hacking. Now, researchers from UC Berkeley have discovered that CasX is capable of editing human cells, and it doesn't carry with it some of the issues involved in Cas9 editing — potentially putting us one step closer to safely gene-editing humans. The Berkeley team details its research on CasX in a study published on Tuesday in the journal Nature. They started by used a cryo-electron microscope to take hundreds of thousands of images of CasX while it edited genes. Using those snapshots, they built an atom-by-atom blueprint of the protein. Based on this image, they were able to determine that CasX is roughly 40 percent smaller than Cas9 and evolved independently of the latter protein — CasX and Cas9 don't share a common ancestor. This research uncovered two reasons CasX could be better for human gene-editing than Cas9. First is the protein's small size. This is important because scientists often use a virus called AAV to deliver their CRISPR system. This virus can only carry so much, so using a smaller Cas protein will leave more room for the instructions and other microscopic machinery the system needs to successfully edit a genome. Second, researchers discovered CasX in a bacteria not found in the human body. Many Cas9 proteins, on the other hand, come from bacteria that are commonly found in humans. That means a person could have encountered the Cas9 protein at some point in their lives prior to undergoing Cas9 gene-editing — and researchers really have no idea what impact that could have on the process. Because CasX shares no common ancestors with Cas9, researchers don't have to worry about a person's immune system remembering the protein — eliminating one possible issue blocking the path to human gene-editing. "The immunogenicity, delivery, and specificity of a genome-editing tool are all vitally important," researcher Benjamin Oakes said in the news release. "We’re excited about CasX on all of these fronts." READ MORE: Scientists Find New and Smaller CRISPR Gene Editor: CasX [UC Berkeley] More on CRISPR: New Rules Takes the Guesswork out of Human Gene Editing Share This Article 
After you get a medical device like a pacemaker implanted, you'll probably need occasional surgeries to replace its batteries. But thanks to new research, that could soon change. A new device can take the kinetic energy of a beating heart and converts it into electricity — a bold glimpse of a cyborg future in which your heart could power up implants like pacemakers. Dartmouth College engineers and University of Texas Health Science Center cardiologists tested the device on animal hearts, according to research published last year in the journal Advanced Materials Technology. Before it makes its way to a human heart, the researchers want to make sure that it can last for that person’s entire lifetime without interfering with the heart’s normal function, according to a Dartmouth press release published Monday. "We’re trying to solve the ultimate problem for any implantable biomedical device," said Dartmouth engineering professor and lead researcher John Zhang in the press release. "How do you create an effective energy source so the device will do its job during the entire life span of the patient, without the need for surgery to replace the battery?" The team received funding from the National Institutes of Health which will continue for another two years. In that time, it hopes to finish animal research and jump start the rigorous approval for human testing. In addition, the engineers have started exploring upgrades that will let their technology charge other implanted devices. If all goes well, the researchers hope to put their self-charging pacemakers on the market in about five years. READ MORE: Engineers Harvest Heart’s Energy to Power Life-Saving Devices [Dartmouth Newsroom] More on medical devices: New Brain Implant Could Translate Paralyzed People’s Thoughts Into Speech Share This Article 
Russian news agency RIA Novosti revealed images today of a hypersonic uncrewed spacecraft reportedly in development by the country's space agency. The aircraft will be outfitted with a single Briz-M upper stage engine — a Russian space rocket that's been in use since 2000 — and is designed to fly at altitudes of up to 99 miles (160 kilometers) and speeds of up to Mach 7 (5,370 mph) according to RIA Novosti. The drone is designed to be reusable, with a lifespan of at least 50 flights. A Russian company called "ISON" will be building the spacecraft on behalf of Roscosmos. The project received millions of rubles in funding from national research foundations. According to Yuri Bakhvalov, general director of ISON, all components will be manufactured and assembled in Russia, RIA Novosti reports. Schematics provided by ISON show that the drone will first be carried skyward by a special aircraft. The drone will then accelerate near-vertically to enter space. It'll return to Earth with a parachute. The plans are reminiscent of Virgin Galactic's White Knight Two system, which carries its spacecraft VSS Unity to an altitude of 50,000 feet first before it takes off. Virgin's VSS Unity reached a record apogee of 51.4 miles (82.7 km) in December. It's not the only Russian hypersonic aircraft in the works. The CEO of Russian aircraft corporation MiG revealed plans in August 2018 for a different hypersonic military jet that can reportedly enter space as well — though experts are skeptical that it will be ready before 2035 to 2040, Business Insider reports. Five test flights are already planned for the unnamed uncrewed hypersonic spacecraft in 2023. But we will have to wait and see — we haven't seen any photos yet. READ MORE: Russia's next drone will fly at hypersonic speeds and into space: media [South Front] More on Russia's space program: Images Surface of Russia's Alleged Heavy Strike Drone Editor's Note 2/5 at 9:45am EST: A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that Russia's new spacecraft will be its first foray into uncrewed space travel. In reality, Russia has launched a number of uncrewed space missions in the past. The story has been updated to correct the error. Share This Article 
It turns out that Milky Way galaxy looks different from the familiar image we've all come to know. Our galaxy still has a bright central core around which a spiraling disk orbits, but that disk isn't quite as tidy as scientists previously thought. Instead, it's bent and warped out of shape, according to a new 3D map of the galaxy described in research published Monday in the journal Nature Astronomy. The new map suggests that there's a lot we don't know about the universe, and that we can expect to keep updating our knowledge about even the parts of the cosmos closest to us. The new map was built from a survey of 1,339 stars called "classical Cepheids." Often, attempts to plot stars' location in the cosmos are stymied by misleading measurements. Sometimes astronomers will conclude that a particularly-bright star is closer to us than it actually, is or that dimly-lit stars must be far away. But the rhythmic pulsations of light given off by Cepheids allow astronomers to determine precisely how far away they are just by measuring their brightness, according to Astronomy. Using data from WISE, a NASA program seeking to survey the entire sky in infrared, the team of Chinese and Australian astronomers observed that the locations of these classical Cepheids suggest a very different galactic structure than we're used to. The researchers didn't investigate why the galaxy looks the way it does, but they did fathom a guess. A typical model of a spiral galaxy like ours, whether it's in the latest NASA simulation or a sci-fi movie, generally shows a gigantic central mass around which long, spiraling arms gently orbit. But the astronomers behind this new paper suggest that the various interconnected pieces of the galaxy have a more complex relationship than that — as the galaxy's central core spins on its axis, it may be dragging against the outer disks and pulling them out of shape. Whatever the reason, it's clear that we don't as much about our cosmic home turf as we once thought. READ MORE: Galactic twist: The Milky Way's disk is warped [Astronomy.com] More on the Milky Way: A New Trick Lets Us Weigh The Galaxy. It’s The First Step Toward Figuring Out What It’s Made Of Share This Article 
San Francisco, unsurprisingly, has decided that the solution to the city's homelessness problem is to gather and analyze personal data. Specifically, a program called ONE System is now gathering data about the approximately 7,500 homeless people in San Francisco so that the city can better coordinate its efforts to get people off the street. It's a program with noble aspirations, but some difficult-to-justify means — homeless participants will need to trade their private, personal data for the chance of receiving aid from the government, according to Bloomberg. Since August, ONE System has helped around 70 homeless people get off the street, Bloomberg reports, and its creators hope it will halve the homeless population by 2022. To do so, the system, which Nevada-based tech startup BitFocus, Inc. developed for the city, collects data from 15 government agencies and also asks homeless participants to fill out a survey that asks about their daily routines, medical history, and other personal information that could be used to help them get appropriate help. But the new system doesn't exactly erase the hurdles that homeless people already face — to get permanent housing in one of San Francisco's low-cost adult-supportive housing programs, homeless people must pass a background check that takes 45 days to complete and also often need to present a government-issued ID. On top of those systematic hurdles already facing homeless people, government employees will need to convince homeless people to participate in the program, even though some may have debilitating mental illnesses or be skeptical that the system's data won't make its way into the hands of the police. So far, the data collected through ONE System has stayed out of law enforcement's hands and no one has tried to buy it, Chris Block, the director of coordinated entry for Episcopal Community Services of San Francisco, an organization contributing to the program, told Bloomberg. But there aren't any laws on the books that specifically protect the data the system collects or prevent it from being abused. "There’s a lot of privacy concerns," he said. "So far those issues haven’t been significant, but that doesn’t mean they won’t come up in the future." READ MORE: This App Wants to Track Every Homeless Person in San Francisco [Bloomberg] More on technology and homelessness: In a Dystopian Move, the SPCA Is Using a Robot to Scare off Homeless People Share This Article 
When it comes to space, the law is a jumbled mess. Sure, there are international agreements like the 1967 Outer Space Treaty, but for the most part there's no single, unifying document that lays out how countries and private companies are allowed to operate off-world. That's why a group of universities are working on what they call The Woomera Manual, a massive project that plans to gather, clarify, and streamline all existing laws that pertain to space exploration, development, and militarization. The team, comprised of researchers from the University of Adelaide, the University of New South Wales in Canberra, Exeter University, and the University of Nebraska College of Law, has already started work. Its first U.S. meeting, which will happen from February 24 through the end of the month in Lincoln, Nebraska, is intended to broaden and diversify the perspectives and ideas that inform the finished product, which is expected to be published in 2020, according to Politico. Jack Beard, a professor in the University of Nebraska College of Law’s Space, Cyber and Telecommunications Law Program, told Politico that the Woomera Manual on the International Law of Military Space Operations "will become the definitive document on military and security law as it applies to space." The Woomera Manual won't actually lay out any new guidelines. Instead it will organize and present the laws that are already on the books so that politicians, industry leaders, and others can make better informed decisions regarding activity in space. Given the fact that the Outer Space Treaty, which banned military actions in outer space, has all but been tossed aside, it's unclear how much they'll actually listen. READ MORE: The Woomera Manual [University of Adelaide Newsroom] More on space policy: Creating a Space Force Could Trigger an Off-World Arms Race Share This Article 
Super Bowl LIII may have been low on sports excitement, but it had plenty of robots and artificial intelligences — in the commercials, anyways. Ad after ad featured bots and AIs — mostly for laughs, but sometimes with ominous overtones about the future. Here's our roundup. Intuit, the maker of TurboTax, aired a spot featuring "Robochild," a humanoid robot that laments the fact it won't be able to be a TurboTax Live CPA when it "grows up." "I'm sorry, but you're never going to be emotionally complex enough for that job," the bot is told in the commercial. Michelob Ultra also aired an ad featuring robots unable to live out their dreams — in this instance, the dream being the ability to throw back a low-calorie beer after a run, spin class, or successful day at the driving range. Pringles went essentially the same route as Michelob Ultra, only this time a smart assistant was able to compute the number of potential Pringle flavor combinations but unable to enjoy the taste of a single chip. Bummer. Not all of the Super Bowl ads focused on the feelings of robots, though. SimpliSafe's "Fear Is Everywhere" followed a human as he navigated a world in which, well, fear was everywhere. "In five years, robots will be able to do your job, your job, your job..." he overhears someone say at a baseball game, and later, a smart assistant ominously promises his wife that it's "always" listening. A Sprint ad brought back the levity. In it, a trio of robots brainstorming ad ideas with a Sprint spokesperson and sports legend Bo Jackson were seemingly included for no reason other than laughs (and a mermaid, pegasus, and keytar also made appearances). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2oUB6Rbvho&feature=youtu.be Amazon also went for humor with its Alexa ad. This one featured the company's failed attempts to integrate its smart assistant into various devices, including a dog collar that translates barks into Amazon orders. Cue dog owner Harrison Ford accepting a pallet's worth of dog food. READ MORE: What’s the Deal With All the Robots in This Year’s Super Bowl Ads? [Adweek] More on the Super Bowl: The FAA Declared a “No Drone Zone” During the Super Bowl in Atlanta Share This Article 
SpaceX's next generation Raptor engine roared into action at its test site in McGregor, Texas, in a video CEO Elon Musk posted on Twitter Sunday night. This particular iteration of SpaceX's Raptor engine will be used to launch the space company's gigantic stainless steel Starship into space — and eventually to the Moon and beyond. The new engine design will be responsible for getting the Starship spacecraft off the launch pad and boost it through the vacuum space. That's a surprising departure: so far, conventional rocket designs have used multiple stages, jettisoning fuel tanks and boosters as they ascend. It will also use methane as fuel — a choice SpaceX says will improve performance. And given that it's an abundant resource on Mars, it could provide a convenient way back home. pic.twitter.com/ChEGbjTGKZ — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 4, 2019  There will also be two versions of the Raptor engine: one specialized for sea level and one for vacuum optimized thrust. A total of seven Raptor engines will blast off in unison to launch the final Starship design. Last week Musk tweeted some photos of the engine, adding that the company's new goal is to "reach the moon as fast as possible." The next steps for the new engine will be so-called "hop" tests at relatively low altitudes. If all goes well, Starship could start making its way on a cargo mission to Mars as soon as 2022. But budget cuts, severe weather, and mounting costs could end up delaying that trip significantly. READ MORE: SpaceX test fires the massive new engine for its next big rocket [The Verge] More on Starship: Elon Musk’s New Goal: “Reach the Moon as Fast as Possible” Share This Article 
Researchers at Columbia University say they've built a robot arm that can construct a self-image from scratch — a capability they frame, provocatively, as a step toward machines that are truly self-aware. "This is perhaps what a newborn child does in its crib, as it learns what it is," said Hod Lipson, a professor of mechanical engineering who worked on the robot, in a press release. "We conjecture that this advantage may have also been the evolutionary origin of self-awareness in humans. While our robot’s ability to imagine itself is still crude compared to humans, we believe that this ability is on the path to machine self-awareness." The robot arm, described in a new paper in the journal Science Robotics, learns how to operate by experimenting — with no programming about physics, geometry or its own construction. But after a flailing around process the researchers call "babbling" and a period of "intensive computing," the arm's algorithm starts to make sense of the world. After its self-discovery process, according to the researchers, it managed to handle complex situations including repairing itself and writing text with a marker. Those accomplishments are impressive, but the arm is a long way from writing a poem. Still, Lipson frames the project as an important step toward understanding how humans learn to conceive of themselves — and perhaps one day building robots that understand themselves as we do. "Philosophers, psychologists, and cognitive scientists have been pondering the nature self-awareness for millennia, but have made relatively little progress," Lipson said. "We still cloak our lack of understanding with subjective terms like ‘canvas of reality,’ but robots now force us to translate these vague notions into concrete algorithms and mechanisms." READ MORE: A Step Closer to Self-Aware Machines [Columbia University] More on self-aware robots: Artificial Consciousness: How To Give A Robot A Soul Share This Article 
A do-it-yourself biohacker named Bryan Bishop says that he's working on technology that will gene-hack babies to make them "grow muscle without weightlifting" and live more than a hundred years. He even says that he has a potential customer lined up who wants to hire him to create a designer baby. "We haven’t started on humans yet, but we do believe this is ethical," he told the MIT Technology Review in a fascinating new profile of his rogue genetic work. "People are on a witch hunt right now to find wrongdoing. I am afraid they are not going to find any." The prospect of gene-editing humans using CRISPR or similar technology was largely theoretical until late 2018, when Chinese scientist He Jiankui claimed to have edited the DNA of two babies. The experiment, which prompted an international outcry, has lent a troubling immediacy to rogue actors like Bishop, who are operating outside the bounds of the academic research system. "I think this is a significantly flawed and deeply worrying approach to genetically modifying humans," Francis Crick Institute postdoctoral fellow Güneş Taylor told MIT Tech. "It is also extremely worrying that they claim to have their first participant." Though Bishop — who's reportedly a skilled programmer and an early Bitcoin investor, meaning he has resources to pour into the venture — has already circulated a pitch deck for his designer baby company and is already funding animal research, he insists he won't try to gene-edit a human baby until the technique is safe. "I describe him as the closest thing to an AI in human form," Andrew Hessel, the CEO of gene-therapy startup Humane Genomics, told MIT Tech of Bishop. "He’s a ghost in the machine." READ MORE: The DIY designer baby project funded with Bitcoin [MIT Technology Review] More on gene-hacking: Chinese Scientists Claim to Have Gene-Edited Human Babies For the First Time Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk blamed the company's decision to lay off 10 percent of its workforce on its Starship and Starlink projects this week, calling them "absolutely insane." "SpaceX has two absolutely insane projects that would not only bankrupt the company," he said, as reported by CNBC. "There's Starship and Starlink." The comments came during an investor call for Tesla, the electric car manufacturer where Musk is also CEO. Though his language was colorful, the two projects he blamed for the SpaceX's tight purse strings are indeed complex. Starship is the company's oft-renamed rocket that it plans to use to transport crews of up to 100 humans to Mars and the Moon. Starlink will remain closer to home, but is still ambitious: it's a network of satellites that the company plans to use to offer global broadband internet. Starship and Starlink are putting such a strain on SpaceX's finances, Musk said during the investor call, that the company is going to need to remain fiscally cautious until they're completed. "SpaceX has to be incredibly spartan with expenditures until those programs reach fruition," he said. READ MORE: Elon Musk blames SpaceX layoffs on 'absolutely insane' Mars rocket and satellite internet projects [CNBC] More on SpaceX: Hurricane-Force Gusts Knocked Over SpaceX's Starship Last Night Share This Article 
If you pay even the least bit of attention to current events, it should come as no surprise that the state of online security is abysmal. It seems that not a month goes by without yet another high-profile data breech. To make matters worse, cyber crimes and online scams targeting individuals have also reached epidemic proportions thanks in part to the rise of the so-called Internet of Things (IOT), which is particularly vulnerable to hacks. While there isn't much an individual can do to protect themselves from large-scale data breaches, there are still concrete steps we can all take to protect ourselves against online threats. In previous articles, we've discussed the importance of using a third-party VPN to encrypt your online activity, as well using a service to monitor your credit. But another seemingly simple yet equally important step is using strong, unique passwords for each of your online accounts. On the surface, using a strong, unique password seems relatively simple. But properly doing so requires users to avoid using actual words and personal information while at the same time using a combination of letters, numbers, and symbols. Not to mention that the passwords should be changed every few months. This wouldn't be a major challenge for just one or two passwords. But considering a recent report found that the average business employee had to keep track of 191 passwords, the idea of using unique passwords for every account becomes laughable. It's no wonder that 15 percent of IOT devices are still operating under their default passwords. But password overload is not an excuse for complacency. This is especially true since password managers now make it easier than ever to safely store all of your encrypted online passwords in a single location which can only be accessed by a master password known only to the account owner. These managers eliminate the need to remember countless unique passwords for various accounts while at the same time allowing users to take full advantage of the security that strong passwords provide. That’s why we’ve compiled the following list of trusted password managers currently offering lifetime subscriptions. While it’s important to do your own research on the subject, the following list is a great place to start. If you're serious about using strong, unique passwords for all of your online accounts, KeyShade can help. Thanks to its "cloud lock" system, your passwords are always easily accessible with just one click. But this information is safely protected by the utmost security behind a master password that's known only to you. Even KeyShade won't have access to it. With KeyShade, you can easily lock and unlock all your data, protect your data behind encryption, use automatic backups, and sync your passwords to the cloud for access anywhere, on any device. And best of all, you can now get a lifetime subscription on up to five devices for a ridiculously low price. Password Boss is a premium app for storing and auto-filling all your usernames and passwords, and accessing them with one master password. As a result, you can create strong unique passwords to secure your accounts without having to remember each one. With Password Boss, you can store an unlimited number of passwords, and access them across multiple devices. You can also share passwords with an unlimited number of people, prevent data theft by deleting data from lost devices, and utilize two-step verification. And as with KeyShade, right now Password Boss is offering a lifetime subscription at a great price. Last but not least, Sticky Password is an award-winning password management system and form filler that eliminates the need to remember long and complicated passwords. Using a single master password known only to you, the service protects your online identity by providing strong encrypted passwords for all your accounts which can be accessed across multiple devices running Mac, Windows, iOS, and Android. Aside from securely saving your passwords and automatically logging-in to recognized sites, Sticky Password also allows users to choose between cloud-based or local storage. And as with the other password managers mentioned above, there's never been a better time to sign up for a lifetime subscription. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Family Tree DNA, a major consumer genetic testing company, gave the FBI access to its massive DNA database. While running genetic analysis on evidence isn't new, Family Tree DNA is the first private company to voluntarily grant a law enforcement agency to access its data, according to BuzzFeed News. For the company's roughly 1 million customers who wanted to learn more about their heritage, that means the FBI can poke around in their genetic profile — and, by extension, that of their relatives. Ironically, Family Tree DNA was recently deemed the best DNA kit for consumer privacy by both U.S. News and PCWorld. Perhaps in response to that discrepancy, Family Tree DNA's founder and CEO Bennett Greenspan published a statement on Thursday arguing that cooperating and sharing information with the FBI didn't violate the company's privacy policies. He said that the FBI can upload and analyze crime scene data, but can't access anyone else's information without a warrant or subpoena. "Working with law enforcement to process DNA samples from the scene of a violent crime or identifying an unknown victim does not change our policy never to sell or barter our customers’ private information with a third party," Greenspan said. "Our policy remains fully intact and in force." The company refused to tell BuzzFeed News how many new cases were being investigated or specifically how much the FBI was using its genetic database. That lack of transparency, along with the surprise announcement that the FBI could use Family Tree DNA's tools, has displeased some former employees. "At a time people distrust science, it's more important than ever that people understand and consent to how their information is being used," David Mittelman, former Family Tree DNA chief scientist told MIT Technology Review. "No one wants to wake up to learn the terms of use changed by press release." READ MORE: One Of The Biggest At-Home DNA Testing Companies Is Working With The FBI [Buzzfeed News] More on genetic testing: We Asked a Genetic Counselor About 23andMe’s New Cancer Test Share This Article 
Thomas Zurbuchen, the associate administrator for NASA's Science Mission directorate, says it's likely that there's life beyond Earth. "Is there life beyond Earth? I think the answer is yes — but we just don’t know," Zurbuchen said during an interview at Boston University. "The simple reason I think so is because we underestimated nature when we doubted whether water or complex molecules would exist beyond Earth. Each one of those is much easier to achieve than we thought possible." It's common logic: space is so incomprehensibly vast that somewhere out there, the right conditions for life must exist. But the fact remains that earthlike conditions in outer space don't guarantee life, and University College London biochemist Nick Lane has argued that we don't have any sort of statistical justification for that assumption — arguments like Zurbuchen's are extrapolations from the singular data point of life on Earth. But whether Zurbuchen's hunch is right or wrong, he argues that it won't make a bit of difference if we don't first make sure that Earth can continue to sustain life. "No matter what the answer to that question is," Zurbechen replied to a question about off-world settlements, "we have to keep Earth livable. It’s unsafe to do otherwise. I do think about terraforming other planets a small percentage of the time, but much more time I spend focused on ways to keep the Earth livable and wonderful — not the other way around." If we don't address the ongoing damage caused by global climate change, Zurbuchen seems to be implying, any space-exploring extraterrestrials won't find anything more than the remains of our society. Read More: If Traveling to Space Was as Easy as Traveling to Paris [Boston University Newsroom] More on extraterrestrial life: The Search for Aliens May Depend on In-Space Assembly Share This Article 
When Amazon's facial recognition system Rekognition came under fire by studies that found it was inaccurate and biased against women and people of color, the company responded by saying that the researchers misrepresented how Rekognition might be used by Amazon's law enforcement clients. But now, a law enforcement client has come forward and said that no, it uses the software much like the researchers did. Oregon's Washington County Sheriff's Office, the only enforcement office that Amazon has officially acknowledged to be a client, says that it does not use Rekognition the way that Amazon recently claimed to have recommended, according to Gizmodo. Needless to say, that's worrisome. Amazon claimed that it recommends police set a strict minimum confidence threshold for matches, meaning someone's face would have to be at least 99 percent the same as a database image in order to trigger a match. But the Oregon police said that they don't bother using such thresholds, a clarification that's backed up by previous documentation showing a 96 percent match. The Washington County Sheriff's Office also clarified that it only uses Rekognition to generate leads and that detectives are required to gather additional evidence before making a case against someone, according to Gizmodo. Amazon responded to Gizmodo by once more asserting that the company collaborated with the Washington County Sheriff's Office on deploying Rekognition and that thus far, there had been no public complaints about the tool. What the Washington County Sheriff's Office's admission means is that at least one client — the only one that's publicly known — isn't following Amazon's guidelines for the software. And that's a worrisome glimpse of the ways police are going to use facial recognition software going forward. READ MORE: Defense of Amazon's Face Recognition Tool Undermined by Its Only Known Police Client [Gizmodo] More on Rekognition: Amazon Rekognition Falsely Matched 28 Members of Congress to Mugshots Share This Article 
Not all human gene-editing research is created equal. The Chinese scientist He Jiankui is a prime example of a reckless gene-editing researcher. He forged documents and used untested technologies on humans while conducting his research, which culminated in the births of the first gene-edited babies in November. On the other end of the spectrum is Dieter Egli. On Friday, NPR published a story revealing that the Columbia University biologist is conducting his own human gene-editing research — but rather than endanger human lives, like He's research did, Egli's could help save them. According to the NPR story, Egli is using CRISPR to gene-edit human embryos in a way that would allow a baby to avoid inheriting a genetic defect that can lead to blindness. This is the same CRISPR technique He used, but unlike the Chinese researcher, Egli destroys his embryos just one day after editing them. "Right now we are not trying to make babies," Egli told NPR. "None of these cells will go into the womb of a person." Also unlike He, a panel of other scientists and bioethicists oversees Egli's research, reviewing his plans prior to any experiments in the lab. According to Egli, the kind of research he is conducting is essential if we ever want to actually use CRISPR to prevent humans from inheriting genetic diseases, including many fatal ones. "We can't just do the editing and then hope everything goes right and implant that into a womb. That's not responsible," he told NPR. "We have to first do the basic research studies to see what happens. That's what we're doing here." CRISPR co-inventor Jennifer Doudna appears to agree. "Is there value in doing that kind of research? I think there is," she told NPR. "Does it have to be carried out carefully and under the right regulatory guidelines? Of course. But I think there's value in doing research like that." Of course, some critics think scientists shouldn't conduct any kind of gene-editing research on humans. "We don't need to be mucking around with the genes of future children," human biotechnology expert Marcy Darnovsky told NPR. "This could open the door to a world where people who were born genetically modified are thought to be superior to others, and we would have a society of people who are considered to be genetic haves and genetic have-nots." And maybe that's true. But we can't un-invent CRISPR, and if we want to maximize its benefits for humans while minimizing the harm it could cause, we need to research the technology responsibly — and based on NPR's reporting, that's precisely what Egli is trying to do. READ MORE: New U.S. Experiments Aim to Create Gene-Edited Human Embryos [NPR] More on human gene editing: Chinese Scientists Claim to Have Gene-Edited Human Babies for the First Time Share This Article 
The polar vortex that walloped the Midwest before heading East also revealed another roadblock to clean transportation. Electric cars are unable to handle the cold, owners are discovering. Tesla owners are even finding that their vehicles are frozen shut, according to Mashable — suggesting that electric vehicles aren't fully equipped to replace gas-powered cars just yet. In case anybody is wondering how the @Tesla performs at -23F. About 120 miles range on a full charge Model X 100D @elonmusk pic.twitter.com/vilhhVKOmq — William H. Spear, MD (@wspear21) January 30, 2019  The problem of people getting frozen outside of their Teslas could readily be fixed in future model — the specific issue comes from Tesla having chosen a cool design over functional door handles. Normally, Tesla door handles will slide open when someone approaches, but layers of ice are keeping everything stuck in place. To be fair, Tesla has conducted battery and handling tests in icy conditions, but it seems that the -60 degree F (-51 C) that some Americans are now experiencing is still proving to be too much for the vehicles. .@elonmusk .@Tesla I love you but can you hire a designer/engineer from places where the weather gets bad so that we don’t have to deal with bad design like this again?? This is after 30+ minutes of preheating the car to 80 degrees. Also wipers and side mirrors were frozen too pic.twitter.com/HO8igw131x — sa ra (@sarahthanif) January 30, 2019  In future iterations of EVs, Tesla and the Nissan Leaf could be improved with more resilient batteries and more accessible door handles. But for those who are currently stranded in the cold, there may not be an option beyond waiting for spring. READ MORE: Tesla door handles are frozen shut in the polar vortex [Mashable] More on EVs: This Massive All-Electric Excavator Has a 3.4 Ton Battery Pack Share This Article 
Elon Musk really wants to get to the Moon – and "as fast as possible," he wrote in a tweet last night. The Twitter thread also included new details about SpaceX's Raptor engine, which could boost the spacetech company's enormous stainless steel Starship into space. Preparing to fire the Starship Raptor engine at @SpaceX Texas pic.twitter.com/8JCOi1BG6z — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 1, 2019  Conventionally, rockets have used multiple stages, each specialized for flight through Earth's atmosphere or the vacuum of space respectively. SpaceX appears to be streamlining the process with one engine design, according to Ars Technica's analysis of Musk's tweet. The approach will have some key advantages, according to Ars: it could take significantly less time and money to develop and test the rockets. So what about Mars? SpaceX touted Starship as the ultimate passenger vehicle that could ferry people all the way to the Red Planet. So why all the talk about going to the Moon? There's a good chance it has to do with limited budgets. Earlier this year, SpaceX laid off 10 percent of its staff as part of a "strategic realignment." After all, launching thousands of satellites and developing giant spaceships is expensive. Besides, SpaceX already promised a Japanese billionaire a trip around the Moon on board the Starship. But Mars isn't  out of the question yet. Given enough time and money — and eventually completed trips to the Moon — SpaceX could still make it to Mars. READ MORE: In new Starship details, Musk reveals a more practical approach [Ars Technica] More on Starship: Hurricane-Force Gusts Knocked Over SpaceX's Starship Share This Article 
Plenty of studies have examined health risks associated with space travel: elevated risks of cancer, nasty radiation, and loss of bone density. To make things worse, travelling through space at zero gravity for prolonged periods might damage astronauts' brains: a new study in the journal JAMA Neurology  found that spaceflight was associated with changes in white matter — nerve fiber tissues of the brain responsible for learning and other important functions. The researchers examined MRI scans of 15 astronauts who had spent up to 200 days at the International Space Station, before and after the missions. We already knew that in zero gravity, the water surrounding the brain redistributes, causing the brain to shift upwards within the skull. But as the new research found, this phenomenon seems to cause white matter to age faster. "White matter changes were of a greater magnitude than those typically seen during the same period with healthy aging," reads the paper. Even more worrisome: the effect becomes more pronounced the longer you spend in space. "[The changes] were greater with longer spaceflight mission durations, and larger brain changes were correlated with greater balance declines," co-author and professor of applied physiology and kinesiology at the University of Florida Rachel Seidler told Popular Science. But it's not all bad. The effect was significantly reduced in astronauts who had been in space before, suggesting the body can adapt to microgravity. Still, it's a serious enough issue that it warrants further research. After all, the longest consecutive spaceflight was a mere 342 days — just under a year. That means Seidler and her team still have the bulk of the work ahead of them. "The consequences of these brain changes are unknown at this point," said Seidler. READ MORE: Space changes your brain in bigger ways than we thought [Popular Science] More on astronaut health: New Research: Space Travel Hurts Cells That Fight Cancer Share This Article 
You've probably heard of Sophia the robot. The close-to-lifelike humanoid has graced the cover of Cosmopolitan, gone on a date with Will Smith, and made countless television appearances. Now Sophia appears to be multiplying — or at least diversifying the brand. In November 2018, the Hanson Robotics family grew by one member when Sophia introduced the world to her "little sister" during an appearance on "The Tonight Show." And on Tuesday, Hanson launched a Kickstarter campaign for the new robot, giving others the opportunity to have a Little Sophia join their families — for a purpose, it says, beyond companionship. Little Sophia is 14 inches tall with anime-style eyes, a silver body, and a bald head with a see-through backing — just like its "big sister." The bot also shares many of Sophia's capabilities, including its ability to sing, walk, dance, track faces, and tell jokes. But Little Sophia's primary purpose is more educational. According to the Kickstarter campaign, each Little Sophia comes with a companion app that allows target users — a child between the ages of 7 and 13 — to program the bot using the Blockly and Python languages. "We believe that Little Sophia can help to introduce STEM, coding, and AI to children — especially girls — in a fun, safe, inspiring, and interactive way," reads the Kickstarter campaign. Hanson set a goal of $75,000 for its Kickstarter campaign. As of the time of writing, it has raised just over $60,000 with 58 days to go, so there's a very good chance the campaign will be a success. A Little Sophia costs between $99 and $149, depending on when it's ordered, and Hanson expects to deliver the bots in December 2019. While Little Sophia is far from the only educational robot, it does have arguably the most famous humanoid in the world in its corner, so there's a chance the little bot might have a bigger impact than its predecessors — and perhaps even inspire the next generation of roboticists. READ MORE: Sophia the Robot's Little Sister Hits Kickstarter as a Coding Companion for Kids [New Atlas] More on Sophia: You Have No Idea What Artificial Intelligence Really Does Share This Article 
To hear Elon Musk tell it, 2018 was a terrible year. "It was excruciating," he lamented to The New York Times in August. But a Washington Post story published Tuesday paints a different picture. The newspaper tracked every trip Musk took on Tesla's corporate jet in 2018 and found that while his company was burning through $100 million per week and laying off thousands of employees, the billionaire was jet-setting across the globe — mostly on the company dime and definitely not always for business purposes. According to WaPo, the jet flew in excess of 150,000 miles over the course of more than 250 flights in 2018 — and Musk wasn't even always on board. Sometimes, the jet was simply flown from one part of L.A. to another so Musk could meet it at the closest airport. When Musk was on the jet, many of his trip were business-related, taking him to and from the airports nearest SpaceX's headquarters, Tesla's headquarters, and Tesla's Gigafactory. But based on the WaPo report, Musk also took a vacation in Chile, spent spring break in Jordan and Israel, and visited the sets of two HBO dramas: "Westworld" in Texas and "Game of Thrones" in Northern Ireland. The Ireland trip took place just three weeks after Tesla laid off about 3,500 employees, a move Musk called "difficult, but necessary." Tesla spokesman Dave Arnold characterized this frequent air travel as par for the course for someone in Musk's position. "Until we can teleport," Arnold told WaPo, "there’s unfortunately no alternative that would allow him to do his job as effectively." But other CEOs seem to manage just fine. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos took 100 fewer flights than Musk in 2018, according to WaPo. Apple, meanwhile, spent $93,000 on flights for CEO Tim Cook in 2017 — Tesla reportedly shelled out $700,000 for Musk's travels that same year. And Bezos and Cook head up companies that actually could afford to bankroll a flight itinerary comparable to Musk's. The WaPo article asserts that Musk's 2018 travel was "largely paid for by Tesla." However, a Tesla spokesperson told the publication that the company "does not cover the costs for Musk’s personal trips and that Musk, SpaceX, and Tesla review the flights and agree on who pays for each trip." Still, even if that's true, $700,000 is a lot of money to spend on business-related travel in one year, and based on WaPo's report, Musk flew just as much — if not more — in 2018 than he did the year prior. When Musk laid off 7 percent of Tesla's staff earlier this month, he said it was because the company needed to cut costs. The next time it feels an urge to streamline finances, it might want to take a hard look at how often its CEO goes wheels up on the company dime before handing out pink slips. READ MORE: Elon Musk’s Highflying 2018: What 150,000 Miles in a Private Jet Reveal About His ‘Excruciating’ Year [The Washington Post] More on Tesla: Elon Musk: Tesla Is Laying off 7 Percent of Its Staff Share This Article 
The Intercept published a shocking account Wednesday about how U.S. prisons are building biometric databases of inmates' voices, in some cases without their consent. Hundreds of thousands of incarcerated people have had their voice prints digitized, according to the report, for the sake of prison security and surveillance — a grim example of how surveillance technologies can enable authorities to create automated panopticons. Inmates were asked to repeat seemingly random phrases into a phone, according to The Intercept, sometimes under the threat that otherwise their phone privileges would be revoked. "It said, 'Say this phrase, blah, blah, blah,' and if you didn’t say it clearly, they would say, 'Say this phrase again,' like 'cat' or 'I’m a citizen of the United States of America,'" an inmate at New York's Sing Sing prison told The Intercept. Documents obtained by The Intercept tell a shocking story: prison authorities were storing inmates' unique 'voice prints' in biometric databases in order to create a voice surveillance system, with the goal of monitoring prisoners' calls. The system even stores voice signatures of call recipients outside the prison. Authorities say the surveillance could help prevent fraud — inmates using each other's identification numbers to make calls for instance — and beef up prison security. But civil rights advocates are raising flags about the new system: it violates inmates' rights, they say, especially when data is being collected against their consent. READ MORE: Prisons across the U.S. are quietly building databases of incarcerated people's voice prints [The Intercept] More on voice recognition: China’s Google Equivalent Can Clone Voices After Seconds of Listening Share This Article 
Tesla is gearing up to mass-produce its fifth vehicle, an electric SUV called the "Model Y." The carmaker sent a letter to shareholders on Wednesday saying Tesla would switch on the assembly line for the Model Y, which has been in the works since 2015, before the end of 2020, according to TechCrunch — and it'll complete a cheeky joke hidden in the company's model identifiers. In the letter, Tesla assured its investors that things would be different this time around. It predicted that it would cost less to manufacture the Model Y than it did the Model 3, which was fraught with delays due to technical challenges and difficulty scaling up production rates. That's because much of the hardware from the Model 3 assembly lines can be repurposed to build Model Y vehicles — Tesla doesn't expect that it will have to start from scratch, TechCrunch reports. Look, we know. Put the Roadster aside and you're left with Tesla models "S," "3," "X," and "Y." Get your giggles out now — we're trying hard to focus more on the potential benefits of electric-powered SUVs. If Tesla meets its goals this time around, then all the people crowding the roads with needlessly-large vehicles will have one less excuse for holding onto their gas-guzzlers. READ MORE: Tesla says the Model Y is coming in 2020 [TechCrunch] More on Tesla: More Bad News: Tesla Is About to Owe $920 Million in Debt Share This Article 
Record-smashing cold temperatures have led to a wave of headlines highlighting how parts of the U.S. are now colder than Mars. In parts of media, this is now a near-yearly ritual: The Atlantic had a story on it in 2017, and even NASA's Curiosity Rover tweeted it a few winters ago. But what does "colder than Mars" really mean? Does it mean your friends in the Midwest — assuming they survive the Polar Vortex — have conquered their first round of Martian training? Not quite. Let's be blunt: It could be spring in New York City and be 42 degrees Fahrenheit (10 degrees Celsius) and we could still say that it's colder than the Red Planet. It could be summer in Miami and 85 F (29 C) and we could still say it's colder than Mars. Here's the deal. Mars has a thin, CO2-rich atmosphere — about 100 times thinner than Earth's. That means the Red Planet isn't able to retain much heat. Which makes it easy to assume it's pretty damn cold all the time. But that's not quite accurate. According to The National Weather Service, towns across Minnesota and North Dakota plummeted to -60 degrees F (-51 C) or even colder this week. Colder than Mars? Yes. But not the average Martian day. NASA created this handy chart to help us out. On an average Mars day, the planet is about -81 degrees F (-60 C) — which yes, is much colder than Minnesota right now. But that's just part of the range of temperatures on the Red Planet. During winter, temperatures near the poles can get down to -195 degrees F (-125 C). A summer day on Mars may get up to 70 degrees F (20 C) near the equator — with the highest temperature shown by NASA at a balmy 86 degrees F (30 C). Which is why we could really say it's colder than Mars on parts of Earth any day of the year. Still, in an interview with The Atlantic, Michael Mischna, a research scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California, says the comparison is indeed accurate — but with one major difference. Let's say it was 50 degrees F (10 C) on Earth and 50 degrees F (10 C) on the Red Planet. Those two temperatures wouldn't feel the same to the human body, because of Mars' thin atmosphere and lack of water vapor. "If you were to jump into a pool that was 70 degrees, it would feel a lot colder to your body than standing in air at 70 degrees, and that’s because the water is able to suck the heat out of your body," Mischna said. In other words, without as many water molecules to steal your heat, it wouldn't feel as cold. "Minus 100 degrees on Mars might only feel like minus 30," Mischna said. So here's the deal: Like any other planet, Mars sees a wide range of temperatures depending on the location on the planet and the time of year. Yes, it has seasons like Earth because of the tilt of its axis. So it's easy to say "it's colder than Mars" – and it could be true. But the reality is as nuanced as environmental variations throughout the cosmos. READ MORE: It's Colder Than Mars Out There [The Atlantic] More on Mars: NASA's Rover Sends Home Captivating Selfie of Martian Landscape Share This Article 
A new underwater tent can give divers a brief respite — the floating pocket of air could either let divers take a breather or help them prevent potentially dangerous cases of decompression sickness. The Ocean Space Habitat, recently patented by New York University researcher Winslow Burleson and National Geographic explorer Michael Lombardi, makes it possible for divers to stay underwater longer than ever before, and may help influence future off-world settlements. The portable tent can be brought deep beneath the surface and anchored wherever it's needed. Fans powered by rechargeable batteries continuously scrub carbon dioxide from the air, giving divers access to about six hours of breathable air, a number the developers are working to improve. The researchers tested out their system last October, and now they're gearing up for an overnight stay underwater, an NYU spokesperson told Futurism. As scuba divers ascend after a dive, they need to periodically pause so that their blood pressure can adjust to the decreasing pressure around them. Normally that means staying suspended in the water. But with the inflatable tent in place, they'll be able to remove their mask to breath naturally, and otherwise have a more comfortable experience. In the immediate future, the team is working on developing new sizes and shapes, which they say won't take any new technological developments — it's more a matter of manufacturing a new design that could have a closed floor or room for a bed or scientific instruments. From there, everything is up to the specific needs of the diver. "The number of times that a diver could re-deploy on a single dive, would then depend on the size of their habitat and the amount of gas they are willing to bring with them," Burleson told Futurism. Automatically-inflating, portable habitats may find use above the sea as well — the newly-awarded patent describes how the underlying technology could be used in outer space or on extraterrestrial settlements, something that Lombardi told Futurism is becoming a very real field of research. "This technology puts a region of ocean space within reach for the masses that hasn’t been easily accessed," Lombardi told Futurism. "This is the ticket to extend our range from temporary visitors to the beginnings of a more permanent presence on the seafloor." READ MORE: This underwater tent lets scuba divers camp under the sea [Digital Trends] More on habitats: Here Are The Finalists For NASA’s Mars Habitat Design Competition Share This Article 
Just before Christmas, a passenger using the Waymo One ride-hailing service found himself in a self-driving car that seemed to have lost its way.  The human safety driver – present just in case something goes wrong – had already taken control of the self-driving car once when it took too long to make a left turn. After the autonomous car took over again, the passenger – who we’ll refer to as “Carl” to protect his identity – realized he was cruising right past the destination he’d entered in the Alphabet-owned company’s Uber-style app. Carl’s stop was off to the right, but there were no obvious openings that Waymo's autonomous vehicle could take to move into the right lane. Instead of merging, it continued an extra quarter-mile down the street, eventually making a legal U-turn so it could take advantage of a protected left turn before dropping him off. "It didn't even turn on a turn signal and hope that someone let it in," Carl told Futurism. "It just stayed in the left lane and went all the way down past my destination." On an early January trip with the same pickup and dropoff locations, the autonomous vehicle avoided the whole mess by taking the freeway. Carl shared his insight into Waymo’s self-driving car services, which he’s used periodically over the past five months, with Futurism under the condition of anonymity, as he had to sign a nondisclosure agreement to take part in an earlier, experimental version of the autonomous ride-hailing service. Overall, Carl is optimistic and excited about self-driving technology. But he also emphasized that Waymo's new service doesn't yet fully live up to marketing and hype. Back in December, when Waymo announced an Uber-style service called Waymo One that would shuttle drivers around Phoenix, Arizona, it made bold promises.  Passengers – who would initially come from an applicant pool of participants in Waymo's "early rider" test program – would be able to call a self-driving minivan at any time of the day or night, and safety drivers would be there only "for riders’ comfort and convenience," the company claimed back when it announced Waymo One. Eventually, the safety drivers might even chill in the back seat. But Carl’s experiences as he used the services in the patch of downtown Phoenix where they’re allowed to operate tell a different story — one in which Waymo’s self-driving cars struggle to make left turns, change lanes, or merge onto the freeway. In general, they run into difficulty with tasks that require a human-like sense of intuitive timing and an understanding of other drivers' intentions, not just the ability to spot signs, obstacles, and road markings at which Waymo vans have become adept. And as for the driver chilling in the back seat? For now, a Waymo employee remains in the driver’s seat during every Waymo One trip and regularly takes over when the van gets confused. The safety drivers are instructed to take over when they feel it’s safer to do so than to let the car continue driving itself. A Waymo spokesperson declined to comment on the record about most specific incidents described in this story, instead corroborating some information on background. For now, Waymo’s early rider program and Waymo One are impressive demos. But the services are still heavily mediated by human employees and don’t quite provide the driverless experience the company initially promised. Glitches aside, Carl wants to live in a world where robots and autonomous cars handle dangerous tasks like driving, an activity that led to 37,461 crash-related deaths in America in 2016, and is optimistic that Waymo’s self-driving technology is on its way there. Carl was inspired by movies like “Minority Report,” where a centralized, well-managed network of autonomous cars seamlessly shuttles people around. "It seems so safe," he said. "I think that future is a long way off, but it’s something that I hope for." That future seemed to be especially far off back in March, when one of Uber’s autonomous vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian in a tragic crash that was later revealed to have involved a distracted safety driver. One might assume this sort of situation is exactly why Waymo embraces such a cautious approach – one that could be a sign of things to come for the oft-criticized self-driving car industry. The technology that Waymo has and continues to develop is impressive, and Waymo One could still someday grow into the seamless, autonomous ride-hailing app of the future that the company first envisioned. The question of when that might happen comes down to how quickly Waymo can ensure that any new features are completely safe and reliable. "I do trust the car," said Carl. "I do trust that it's going to get me there, and I trust that the person behind the wheel is going to keep me safe in the meantime." But with that trust comes an understanding that the autonomous vehicles drive very differently from people. On one hand, that means that the autonomous vehicles are less aggressive than your typical Phoenix drivers, who Carl characterized as notoriously antagonistic, and who have even reportedly taken to throwing rocks at self-driving cars. Back in December, Ars Technica spoke to Michael Richardson, a member of the experimental Waymo early rider program who used the service in September and October. Like Carl, Richardson described a mostly-functional self-driving vehicle service that occasionally struggled with left turns and changing lanes. "Our vehicles complete unprotected left turns in autonomous mode regularly," a Waymo spokesperson told Ars in response to Richardson’s claims. "However, we've always said that unprotected lefts on high-speed roads are among the most difficult driving maneuvers. As our technology is new, we are going to be cautious because safety is our highest priority." Operating cautiously also often means sacrificing expediency. Several months after Richardson's account, those problems persist in the Waymo One program, according to Carl. The act of merging onto a highway is a nuisance for any driver. But after signaling and maybe even edging your car into the lane a little bit, someone will likely let you through. For now, Waymo's vehicles are still struggling with those skills. "The first time I took it, it got onto the freeway on-ramp," said Carl, "but people are dicks."  No one gave the car room to merge onto the freeway, and it never used its turn signal to alert drivers that it wanted to do so. Instead, Carl said that the car sped up to the freeway speed limit, seemingly to shift lanes when an opening appeared. When that didn't happen, the car exited the freeway without switching lanes and tried again at the next ramp, where it finally found an opening. Carl said it was several months before he was in another Waymo vehicle that attempted to take the freeway, even if doing so would have been the obvious route. "It didn't try to slow down and find an opening or anything," Carl said. “It just kind of passed everybody 'cause they were moving kinda slow. That was kind of weird in my opinion. It has never taken the freeway since." Based on Carl’s account, it would seem Waymo programmed its autonomous vehicles to treat turn signals as an indicator that the car is about to execute a turn or merge, not an indicator that it is looking for the opportunity to do so. "If there's other cars there, it's not going to [merge]," Carl said. "And then it doesn't even turn on the turn signal and wait for someone to give it an opening." However, according to Waymo’s account of its service, the company’s self-driving vehicles are supposed to, and regularly do, slow down and signal before changing lanes. In situations that confuse the car, Carl says the human driver sometimes takes over. During one trip, the driver had to briefly turn off autonomous mode because the car was too hesitant to make a left turn at an intersection where it had a green light but not a separate light for left turns. Another time, in mid-November, Carl used a Waymo car to get home late at night. When he got into the autonomous vehicle, the safety driver drove the whole time, not once switching on the car's self-driving capabilities. Aside from the minor annoyance of having a trip take longer than it should, these stories suggest the company’s self-driving cars could be inadvertently holding up traffic as well. Both Carl and Richardson reported riding in a Waymo vehicle that got stuck behind a city bus that pulled over to load and unload passengers while still partially blocking the lane. Richardson told Ars that his safety driver took over to steer around the bus, but Carl's vehicle sat and waited. Carl told us that his vehicle stopped itself before crossing an intersection because on the other side of the crossing, a bus had pulled into a bus stop. Meanwhile, a growing queue of irate drivers found themselves stuck behind the hesitant car that was unwilling to go around the bus. "People behind it were honking because they probably wanted to turn right — it was the right lane," Carl told us. "And they were just honking at this car, like that makes a difference to the car." A stopped bus is a minor annoyance for a human driver, but briefly swerving around and continuing onward is second nature. That's not the case for an autonomous vehicle programmed to treat lane dividers as impenetrable borders. "If there’s an object obstructing the road and it’s safe to do so, the vehicle can steer around it provided that it’s within the law and safe to do so," a Waymo spokesperson told Futurism. “But if it were something like flashing lights on a bus, you’re not supposed to pass those because there may be schoolchildren.” Carl's challenges with his Waymo experience weren't limited to what happened outside the car. The rules the safety drivers are told to follow can make sharing the confined space of the test vehicles awkward. Carl found it difficult to strike up a conversation with many of the safety drivers — something that passengers were told not to do during onboarding — and often felt awkward. Passengers were also told not to record video during rides or ask drivers technical questions. It became even harder to chat with drivers when Waymo added a second employee to some vehicles. Waymo still runs its early rider program parallel to Waymo One. In the experimental early rider program, Waymo tests out new features that may make it Waymo One, including different safety driver arrangements. For several of Carl's rides, there was a safety driver sitting behind the wheel and a second employee with a laptop computer in the passenger seat. In the moment, Carl wondered whether the drivers were being monitored, but this time he chose not to ask in case striking up a conversation might get the drivers in trouble. But Carl once rode with a driver who was not only willing to chat, but who said he hadn't heard that they weren't supposed to. This driver, Carl said, explained that he talked with passengers every now and then, especially when the car was stuck in traffic or a dust storm rendered its computer vision system inoperable. Even then, Carl had to take the initiative to break the silence. "I said 'Hey, are you allowed to talk to me?'" Carl said, recapping the conversation he had with a driver. "And he's like, 'Yeah, why wouldn't I be?' I said, 'Well, in the onboarding, it said I wasn't supposed to talk to you,' and he was kind of surprised by that. He said 'Oh, well, we're supposed to give the driverless experience, so I guess that's why.'" Waymo encourages passengers to push a button and chat with rider support instead of their drivers, in part to simulate a driverless experience but also so that Waymo can directly learn more about the passengers’ experience, gather data, and answer questions in real time. Further, safety drivers don’t have the authority to take the car anywhere off its predetermined path. Instead, Carl said passengers had to contact a technician in a central office in order to change their destination. It would be easier for riders to pretend they were alone in the car, though, if the safety drivers weren't constantly talking to the vehicle itself. Carl told us that every time the car runs into trouble, whether it takes too long to make a left turn or has trouble with an on-ramp, the driver makes a voice log into one of the many radios or sensors in the vehicle. That way, the data being collected as Waymo's vehicles drive around gets supplemented by a time-stamped record of the driver's observations that the company can use to improve later on. These voice logs, in addition to data collected from the ongoing early rider program, can be used to develop, test, and fix new experimental features that may slowly-but-surely trickle into the commercial Waymo One service. And perhaps that pace is okay — it’s these incremental advances that will help bring us to a reality with ubiquitous self-driving cars.  The awkward human interactions, however, are here to stay for the foreseeable future. For a while, Carl thought that when his driver spoke, they were merely commenting on the vehicle's performance, not unlike how people chat about the weather when they're sharing a long elevator ride. But every time Carl joined in what they thought was a conversation, the driver would immediately shut it down. "One of the first times it was pulling up in front of my house, I walked up and it slammed on its brakes because it thought I was going to walk in front of it," Carl told us. "So I opened the door and the guy said something about how it had slammed on its brakes. And I was like, 'Oh, yeah. Sorry. That was my bad." Immediately, without turning his head, the Waymo safety driver replied.  "Oh, I'm not talking to you." Share This Article 
Now that we're well into the new year, chances are you've probably already dropped the ball on most of your New Year's resolutions. But luckily, if you resolved to make your online security a priority in 2019, it's not too late to follow through. In previous posts, we've discussed the importance of using a trusted third-party virtual private network (VPN) to encrypt your data and hide your personal information from hackers, advertisers, and your internet service provider (ISP). After all, if the various hacks and data breeches of 2018 taught us anything, it's that our online privacy is under constant attack from threats both large and small. But one of the easiest ways to protect yourself online is by using a trusted VPN. Using a VPN allows you to search the web securely from anywhere, even on unsecured public WiFi networks. And because a VPN is able to spoof your location, you're also be able to access geo-blocked content from around the world. Since it was founded in 2009, ExpressVPN has become a trusted leader in VPN technology, as well as a vocal advocate for internet freedom and privacy. With more than 2,000 servers spread across 94 countries, the company offers high speed, ultra secure, easy to use protection as well as uncensored access to sites and services around the world. And with ExpressVPN's award-winning apps, a new user can be up and running with the service in a matter of minutes on almost any device, and on almost any operating system, including Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and Linux. ExpressVPN can even be installed directly onto routers, or used specifically within a browser. But however you choose to use it, you can rest assured knowing your information is secure thanks to ExpressVPN's best-in-class encryption and leak-proofing. Aside from ultra-secure 256-bit AES encryption, ExpressVPN users also receive unlimited bandwidth with no throttling, and access to 24/7 customer service via live chat support, so you can get help in seconds, not days. And because the company is based in the British Virgin Islands, which currently has no data retention laws, ExpressVPN users can rest assured that no one is keeping tabs on your activity, or logging your web history. In today’s world, if you’re not being proactive about protecting your personal data and online privacy, you're leaving exposed to multiple threats. And one of the easiest ways to protect yourself on line is through the use of a trusted VPN service like ExpressVPN. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to self-driving cars and other autonomous vehicles (AVs), investors are much more interested in the data they'll collect than the cars themselves. The self-driving car bubble burst as technological reality fell far behind AV companies' lofty predictions. But Wall Street investors are still interested in AV companies that come from a more analytics-driven background, according to Axios. The trend suggests that the real value of AVs could be the data on passenger and driver behavior that they generate — and not, counter-intuitively, the technology that's actually operating the cars. Axios pointed out that Morgan Stanley analysts recently assigned vastly different values to leaders in the AV space depending on each company's background: after GM, traditionally a carmaker, announced some delays, Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas argued that the valuation of GM's AV division should be dropped from $11.5 billion to $9 billion. Meanwhile Waymo, a subsidiary of Google's parent company Alphabet, has a stronger data analytics background — Jonas' colleague Brian Nowak argued that Waymo is worth $37 billion but could quickly rise to $175 billion as AVs become more popular, Axios reports. "The value is in the data and what you can do with it," Jonas said in the Axios post. Personal data is immensely valuable, and a surefire way for tech companies to raise funds and boost their value is to ensure that they'll be able to get their hands on it. With Intel's 2016 prediction that self-driving cars would generate four terabytes of data — equivalent to 8 million digital photos — every single day, investors have made it clear that they value the companies that won't let all that digital treasure go to waste. READ MORE: Wall Street is split on self-driving cars [Axios] More on Waymo: Exclusive: A Waymo One Rider’s Experiences Highlight Autonomous Rideshare’s Shortcomings Share This Article 
Stellar collisions are an amazingly rare thing. According to our best estimates, such events only occur in our galaxy (within globular clusters) once every 10,000 years. It’s only been recently, thanks to ongoing improvements in instrumentation and technology, that astronomers have been able to observe such mergers taking place. As of yet, no one has ever witnessed this phenomena in action – but that may be about to change! According to study from a team of researchers from Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan, a binary star system that will likely merge and explode in 2022. This is an historic find, since it will allow astronomers to witness a stellar merger and explosion for the first time in history. What’s more, they claim, this explosion will be visible with the naked-eye to observers here on Earth. The findings were presented at the 229th Meeting of the American Astronomical Society (AAS). In a presentation titled “A Precise Prediction of a Stellar Merger and Red Nova Outburst“, Professor Lawrence Molnar and his team shared findings that indicate how this binary pair will merge in about six years time. This event, they claim, will cause an outburst of light so bright that it will become the brightest object in the night sky. This binary star system, which is known as KIC 9832227, is one that Prof. Molnar and his colleagues – which includes students from the Apache Point Observatory and the University of Wyoming – have been monitoring since 2013. His interest in the star was piqued during a conference in 2013 when Karen Kinemuchi (an astronomers with the Apache Point Observatory) presented findings about brightness changes in the star. This led to questions about the nature of this star system – specifically, whether it was a pulsar or a binary pair. After conducting their own observations using the Calvin observatory, Prof. Molnar and his colleagues concluded that the star was a  contact binary – a class of binary star where the two stars are close enough to share an atmosphere. This brought to mind similar research in the past about another binary star system known as V1309 Scorpii. This binary pair also had a shared atmosphere; and over time, their orbital period kept decreasing until (in 2008) they unexpectedly collided and exploded. Believing that KIC 9832227 would undergo a similar fate, they began conducting tests to see if the star system was exhibiting the same behavior. The first step was to make spectroscopic observations to see if their observations could be explained by the presence of a companion star. As Cara Alexander, a Calvin College student and one of the co-authors on the team’s research paper, explained in a college press release: “We had to rule out the possibility of a third star. That would have been a pedestrian, boring explanation. I was processing data from two telescopes and obtained images that showed a signature of our star and no sign of a third star. Then we knew we were looking at the right thing. It took most of the summer to analyze the data, but it was so exciting. To be a part of this research, I don’t know any other place where I would get an opportunity like that; Calvin is an amazing place.” The next step was to measure the pair’s orbital period, to see it was in fact getting shorter over time – which would indicate that the stars were moving closer to each other. By 2015, Prof. Molnar and his team determined that the stars would eventually collide, resulting in a kind of stellar explosion known as a “Red Nova”. Initially, they estimated this would take place between 2018 and 2020, but have since placed the date at 2022. In addition, they predict that the burst of light it will cause will be bright enough to be seen from Earth. The star will be visible as part of the constellation Cygnus, and it appear as an addition star in the familiar Northern Cross star pattern (see above). This is an historic case, since no astronomer has ever been able to accurately predict when and where a stellar collision would take place in the past. What’s more, this discovery is immensely significant because it represents a break with the traditional discovery process. Not only have small research institutions and universities not been the ones to take the lead on these sorts of discoveries in the past, but student-and-teacher teams have also not been the ones who got to make them. As Molnar explained it: “Most big scientific projects are done in enormous groups with thousands of people and billions of dollars. This project is just the opposite. It’s been done using a small telescope, with one professor and a few students looking for something that is not likely. Nobody has ever predicted a nova explosion before. Why pay someone to do something that almost certainly won’t succeed? It’s a high-risk proposal. But at Calvin it’s only my risk, and I can use my work on interesting, open-ended questions to bring extra excitement into my classroom. Some projects still have an advantage when you don’t have as much time or money.” Over the course of the year, Molnar and his colleagues will be monitoring KIC 9832227 carefully, and in multiple wavelengths. This will be done with the help of the NROA’s Very Large Array (VLA), NASA’s Infrared Telescope Facility at Mauna Kea, and the ESA’s XMM-Newton spacecraft. These observatories will study the star’s radio, infrared and X-ray emissions, respectively. Molnar also expects that amateur astronomers will be able to monitor the pair’s orbital timing and variations in brightness. And if he and his team’s predictions are correct, every student and stargazer in the northern hemisphere – not to mention people who just happen to be out for a walk – will be privy to the amazing light show. This is sure to be a once-in-a-lifetime event, so stay tuned for more information. Interestingly enough, this historic discovery is also the subject of a documentary film. Titled “Luminous“, the documentary – which is directed by Sam Smartt, a Calvin professor of communication arts and sciences – chronicles the process that led Prof. Molnar and his team to make this unprecedented discovery. The documentary will also include footage of the Red Nova as it happens in 2022, and is expected to be released sometime in 2023. Share This Article 
Delivery robots are starting to catch the eye of both food delivery services like Postmates and tech giants like Amazon. But as the cooler-shaped delivery bots roll out, lawmakers are often left scratching their heads. That's a drama currently playing out in Washington, according to the Associated Press, where politicians are struggling to figure out rules for Amazon's new delivery pilot program. Washington lawmakers are currently debating a bill that would place a cap on the size of these robots and restrict them to sidewalks and crosswalks. It would also require human operators to monitor the self-driving robots as they work. "What would you define this as? Is it a motor vehicle, is it a pedestrian? We don't have, currently, rules that would define the behavior of this," said Democratic Rep. Shelley Kloba when the robots were unveiled during a demonstration at the steps of the Washington State Capitol on Monday. Kloba said she's awaiting feedback from disability rights advocates to make sure that the robots don't put pedestrians in danger. But no matter what she and other Washington politicians decide, delivery bots will likely only become more and more common as the underlying technology improves — and as companies decide that the cost of new tech is cheaper than investing in paying a human delivery driver's wage. READ MORE: Washington lawmakers ponder rules for delivery robots [The Associated Press] More on delivery bots: U.S. Grocer Kroger Has Begun Making Autonomous Deliveries Share This Article 
Since its discovery in 1938, the drug LSD — that's lysergic acid diethylamide — has puzzled researchers. They knew the drug had a profound effect on people, causing hallucinations and an altered state of consciousness, but they couldn't figure out why. Now that could be changing. A research team from the University Hospital of Psychiatry Zurich thinks it's figured out what's going on in the brain when someone "trips" — and the discovery could play a major role in future research on psychiatric disorders. For their study, which was published in the journal PNAS on Monday, the researchers gave 25 volunteers LSD while scanning their brains. They also gave some of those volunteers ketanserin, a drug that blocks serotonin receptors. Serotonin is a neurotransmitter previously suspected of playing a role in the LSD experience. When the researchers had the volunteers answer a questionnaire designed to determine whether someone is "tripping," they found that the people who took the ketanserin experienced none of the subjective drug effects of the LSD. Another intriguing result was that the scans revealed that the LSD interrupts a major circuit between four parts of the brain, including the thalamus, which acts as an information filter. Essentially, the drug allowed more information to flow through the thalamus to other parts of the brain. Now that we have a better understanding of how LSD affects the brain, researchers believe they can use that information to study disorders that produce the same effects as the drug, such as depression and schizophrenia. "We are getting nearer to understanding the complexity of what happens with LSD in the brain," researcher Katrin Preller told The Guardian, "and that is particularly important if we are to develop new medicines." READ MORE: Tripping Brains Reveal How the Drug Creates the Psychedelic Experience [Inverse] More on psychedelics: Scientist Tells World Leaders MDMA and Magic Mushrooms Should Be Legal Share This Article 
The Kuiper Belt is a collection of space rocks beyond the outer reaches of Neptune, like Ultima Thule. Astronomers predict their age to be about as old as the Solar System itself. Kuiper Belt objects are extremely difficult to observe because of that distance, even using the most expensive telescopes in the world. That's why it's extraordinary that a research team at the National Astronomical Observatory in Japan just spotted one — with a telescope that costs less than a fancy TV. The team discovered the 0.8 mile (1.3 km) wide object using a telescope that, as Motherboard pointed out, costs about $3,000. They augmented its power with specialized cameras and an astrograph, which is an instrument for wide field astronomical surveys — and the DIY approach paid off: the team's research was published in the prestigious journal Nature Astronomy on Monday. The team used a technique called "occultation," which entails observing a large number of stars at the same time and noting every time a shadow passes in front of them by measuring the dimming of the star's light. They monitored about 2000 stars for a duration of 60 hours and after analyzing the data, they found a light signature suggesting the existence of the new space object. "This is a real victory for little projects. Our team had less than 0.3% of the budget of large international projects. We didn't even have enough money to build a second dome to protect our second telescope!" team leader Ko Arimatsu from the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan said in a statement. "Yet we still managed to make a discovery that is impossible for the big projects." The discovery could confirm an important hypothesis about the formation of planets: tiny space rocks slowly grow through collecting cosmic dust grains into kilometer-sized objects before merging with other objects when they get to a certain size. Despite the team's minuscule budget, their discovery manages to bring us a lot closer to understanding the evolution of the early Solar System. READ MORE: Missing link in planet evolution found [EurekaAlert!] More on Kuiper Belt objects: NASA's Recent Pictures of Objects in the Kuiper Belt Just Broke Records Share This Article 
In recent years, artificial intelligence has struggled with a major PR problem: whether or not it's intentional, developers keep programming biases into their systems, creating algorithms that reflect the same prejudiced perspectives common in society. That's why it's intriguing that engineers from MIT and Harvard University say they've developed an algorithm that can scrub the bias from AI — like sensitivity training for algorithms. The tool audits algorithms for biases and helps re-train them to behave more equitably, according to new research presented this week at the Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Ethics and Society. And even then, once complex AI systems deploy in the real world, it becomes very difficult to evaluate how exactly they're making their decisions. That's why automating the process is so important — the new tool can go in and reconfigure how much value the AI system gives to each aspect of its training data, according to the research. For instance, if an algorithm was trained to determine that black people would be poor candidates for a job, the new tool would feasibly be able to teach the algorithm to evaluate candidates on the relevant factors of their applications instead. Of course, it's possible the new algorithm could have biases of its own. But given that artificial intelligence systems are already out in the field actively recommending that cops over-police areas with more racial minorities, it's urgently important that researchers tackle algorithmic bias. "Facial classification in particular is a technology that's often seen as 'solved,' even as it's become clear that the datasets being used often aren't properly vetted," Alexander Amini, an MIT AI researcher who helped develop the new tool, told TechXplore. "Rectifying these issues is especially important as we start to see these kinds of algorithms being used in security, law enforcement and other domains." READ MORE: An AI that 'de-biases' algorithms [TechXplore] More on algorithmic bias: Microsoft Announces Tool To Catch Biased AI Because We Keep Making Biased AI Share This Article 
Two Florida lawmakers are working to loosen up state restrictions on self-driving technology. Representative Jason Fischer introduced a new bill that would allow self-driving cars to roam Florida streets with no human safety driver, according to the South Florida Sun Sentinel, and Senator Jeff Brandes, who's pushed similar legislation in the past, plans to file similar legislation in the Senate. These politicians might be confident that true self-driving vehicles are ready for primetime, but that optimism doesn't match the reality of the situation. Fischer told the Sun Sentinel that the bill is intended to cement Florida's reputation as a leader in autonomous vehicle testing. He claims that his proposed legislation will allow self-driving car companies like Waymo and Uber to further develop technology without restrictive regulations — even letting a rider in the driver's seat watch TV while the car navigated itself. But not everyone is excited about that prospect. During past attempts to lessen these regulations, many were concerned about whether or not the cars could be trusted to operate safely on their own. "You have this technology that is being unleashed on the world prior to it really being ready," liability and injury lawyer Joshua Chilson told the Tampa Bay Times. "It’s obviously not advanced to the point where it’s capable of responding to real-life scenarios, like the one that happened in Tempe." Right now, Waymo One is the only commercial ride-hailing service for autonomous vehicles, and every car still has a human sitting in the driver's seat, even though some experiments go without a safety driver. That's not to say that the law is the only thing holding Waymo One back from axing these safety drivers — autonomous vehicles regularly get confused or stuck when left to their own devices and require a human touch to get back on track, according to passengers of the service. The implication that people would finally be free to watch TV instead of the road is particularly troubling, given reports that the safety driver operating the Uber vehicle that struck and killed a pedestrian in March was streaming shows on her phone at the time. Technological progress is one thing, but expecting industries to regulate themselves has backfired time and time again. Given that the whole point of self-driving cars is to prevent the huge amount of accidents caused by human error, it would be exceptionally short-sighted to do away with restrictions that were put in place to keep people safe before the technology was truly ready. READ MORE: Fleets of automated cars may be coming to Florida roads with no human oversight [South Florida Sun Sentinel] More on self-driving cars: Exclusive: A Waymo One Rider's Experiences Highlight Autonomous Rideshare's Shortcomings Share This Article 
Hacking cryptocurrency exchanges and running away with the bounty is enormously lucrative, according to new research. According to cryptocurrency fraud detection company Chainalysis, just two prominent hacking groups have stolen "around $1 billion to date." For perspective, that's well over half of all cryptocurrency stolen through publicly known hacks. The two groups worked together to steal cryptocurrency through phishing schemes, ransomware, and other security soft spots. Then they transferred funds from cryptocurrency wallet to wallet, in order to launder the funds, according to Chainalysis. Making matters worse is the fact that cryptocurrency exchanges — companies that exchange cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Ethereum for regular currency — are for the most part unregulated. More and more of these exchanges have been hacked over the years, pointing towards lax security standards. That sense of insecurity hasn't helped the blockchain industry. The value of Bitcoin has been in a downward spiral after peaking in December 2017 over a year ago. While financial security firms are finally catching on to these schemes, hackers are also becoming more adept. They're finding new ways to steal cryptocurrency — by stealing identities, hijacking public Wi-Fi connections, or even bypassing two-factor authentication. There's plenty of evidence that the industry hasn't learned its lesson yet. And that's a big problem. The two unnamed hacker groups are likely still at large — without major crackdowns on cryptocurrency exchanges and meaningful regulation, they're bound to get away with even more in the future. READ MORE: Two Groups Account for $1 Billion in Cryptocurrency Hacks, New Report Says [The Wall Street Journal] More on crypto hacking: Hackers Target Yet Another South Korean Crypto Exchange Share This Article 
He Jiankui, the Chinese researcher who drew wide criticism when it emerged that he gene-edited several human babies, told an influential adviser about the work many months before it became public. Though Nobel Prize winner and University of Massachusetts professor Craig Mello admonished He that the work was unethical, according to emails obtained by the Associated Press, Mello didn't go public with the revelation — and stayed on as an adviser to He's company until news broke about the controversial experiment. He emailed Mello in April 2018, after he learned the pregnancy had succeeded, with the subject line "Success!" In a reply, Mello raised ethical concerns about the work — and asked that He not discuss it with him further. "I’m glad for you, but I’d rather not be kept in the loop on this," Mello wrote, according to the AP. "You are risking the health of the child you are editing… I just don’t see why you are doing this. I wish your patient the best of luck for a healthy pregnancy." After He went public about the gene-edited babies, there was worldwide backlash from the scientific community. It emerged that he had forged an ethical review, his university fired him, and he is reportedly under the watch of armed guards. In another email obtained by the AP, Mello seemed to anticipate that reaction, telling He that he was taking a "big risk" — and that he didn't want others to think that he approved of the work. "I think you are taking a big risk and I do not want anyone to think that I approve of what you are doing," wrote Mello, who didn't reply to a request for comment from the AP. "I’m sorry I cannot be more supportive of this effort, I know you mean well." READ MORE: Chinese Scientist Told US Nobelist About Gene-Edited Babies [Associated Press] More on gene-edited babies: Next Gene-Edited Baby Due in Six Months, Scientist Says Share This Article 
As scientists try to work out the kinks of nuclear fusion, a type of atomic reaction that would generate vast amounts of cheap, clean electricity, they sometimes encounter problems. High-energy plasma inside the reactor can behave unpredictably, grinding any fusion that may have been happening to a halt and damaging equipment. The current fix for these plasma disruptions is to rapidly propel pellets into the plasma using compressed gas. The pellets work kind of like a shotgun blast that helps diffuse and redistribute the energy of the plasma before a disruption can occur. But for larger reactors like ITER, an experimental fusion reactor under construction in France, gas-propelled systems can't penetrate deep enough or be launched quickly enough to prevent disruptions. That’s why a team of Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory scientists decided to build a rail gun. A so-called "electromagnetic particle injector" (EPI) can fire pellets deeper into plasma that's about to disrupt a fusion experiment. It's more immediate and rapid than a gas-powered system, according to research published last month in the journal Nuclear Fusion. There's little room for error in fusion experiments. When it comes to ITER, a disruption-preventing system would need to act within 20 milliseconds. Gas-powered systems would be able to do the deed in 30 milliseconds, while the new EPI, if implemented into ITER, would be able to get the job done in just 10, according to a press release published by the Princeton on Thursday. The existence of the EPI doesn’t mean that nuclear fusion suddenly becomes easy to pull off or even that scientists now know that its feasible. But it does help solve one of the many problems inherent to scaling fusion reactors up from small-scale experimental facilities to larger operations that might actually be able to serve a functional purpose. READ MORE: Fast action: A novel device may provide rapid control of plasma disruptions in a fusion facility [PPPL News] More on nuclear fusion: Scientists Found a New Way to Make Fusion Reactors More Efficient Share This Article 
Bad news for pro gamers: now even video games are being automated by artificial intelligence. The game development company Unity announced a new contest for AI gamers on Monday, according to The Verge. The company put together a puzzle-solving 3D platformer game appropriately titled "Obstacle Tower." The game was designed to be hellishly difficult for AI, featuring precisely the types of obstacles and cognitive challenges that trip up game-playing AI systems — and the first teams to complete it will win shares of a $100,000 prize pool. AI agents — those are the digital, game-playing embodiments of an AI algorithm — that play Obstacle Tower will rely on a technique called reinforcement learning. In contrast to machine learning, the more-common type of AI that learns to detect patterns from huge sets of data, reinforcement learning is more suited to undefined problems like the procedurally-generated levels of Obstacle Tower. That's because a reinforcement learning algorithm learns to adopt new behaviors based on programmed rewards, sort of like a dog learning a trick. And for the engineers developing the algorithms, the game will pose a serious challenge — after all, it was specifically designed to confound AI. "There’s a wide range of control problems, visual problems, and cognitive problems that you have to overcome to progress from level to level, and every level it gets harder," Unity VP for AI and machine learning Danny Lange told The Verge. "We’ve had human players play and they can get to around level 15." Unity will release the first 25 levels of the game next month, so that so developers can train their algorithms on the sorts of puzzles that make up the core gameplay. Then on April 15, all 100 levels will drop and the full contest will begin. READ MORE: Unity developed a video game designed to test AI players [The Verge] More on AI Gamers: StarCraft Champion Trounced by AI: “Very Human Style of Gameplay” Share This Article 
Party's over. The machines have the upper hand. Alphabet's revolutionary DeepMind artificial intelligence bot, dubbed AlphaStar, just dominated at a game of StarCraft II — a popular sci-fi strategy video game — by beating two of the world's best human players five games to zero. According to an AlphaStar Q&A on Reddit, it took up to "200 years of learning" until AlphaStar was able to keep up. StarCraft II is one of the top competitive esports video games out there, with professional gamers competing at international championships for prizes of up to $700,000. Two of those players — Grzegorz "MaNa" Komincz from Poland and Dario "TLO" Wunsch from Germany — took on DeepMind's AlphaStar bot on Thursday. AlphaStar had some key advantages: it was looking at a zoomed-out bird's eye view of the entire map, whereas players usually focus in on a single area of the map. An experimental version that only saw a smaller portion of the map, like a human, was not able to beat them at the game, New Scientist reports. The reason the AI had a zoomed out view was "mostly due to computational reasons," according to Oriol Vinyals, DeepMind AlphaStar's lead researcher, who answered some questions over on Reddit. Despite that advantage, AlphaStar played convincingly like a human. "I was impressed to see AlphaStar pull off advanced moves and different strategies across almost every game, using a very human style of gameplay I wouldn’t have expected," said Komincz during DeepMind's livestream yesterday. DeepMind ran on a straightforward computer with an off-the-shelf graphics card. It did have access to an additional 16 "tensor processing units" for deep learning that trained it how to play — not exactly average gamer gear. To many, the results don't come as a surprise. "We were pretty much to a point where it was just a matter of time," Georgia Tech associate professor Mark Riedl told Wired. "In a way, beating humans at games has gotten boring." READ MORE: DeepMind Beats Pros at StarCraft in Another Triumph for Bots [Wired] More on AlphaStar: DeepMind is Teaching AIs How to Manage Real-World Tasks Through Gaming Share This Article 
Amazon apparently still hasn't fixed the problems with its facial recognition software, Rekognition. The software, which is used by police and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, has drawn criticism for frequent errors, like when it matched Congresspeople's headshots with photos from a mugshot database. Now, new research shows that Rekognition generally fares well with white men's faces, but it struggles to identify light-skinned women and anyone with darker skin, according to The Verge. Presented with the faces of light-skinned women, Rekognition incorrectly labeled 19 percent of them as men, according to new research from MIT and the University of Toronto. Women with dark skin were incorrectly labeled as men 31 percent of the time, according to the research, which will be presented this weekend at the AAAI/ACM Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Ethics, and Society. Amazon responded to the research similarly to how it dismissed past criticisms of Rekognition — the company argued that the researchers hadn't used the latest version of Rekognition, according to The Verge. Amazon also pushed back on the basis that the facial analysis system that detects facial expressions and gender is separate from the facial recognition system that police might use to compare people to a mugshot. Fair points — but not ones that address the actual problem detected by the researchers head-on. Ultimately, the researchers hope to accomplish more than encouraging surveillance systems that can accurately detect people of all races and genders — they also want to bring about a society in which such technology is properly regulated to prevent police or anyone else from abusing people. "Furthermore, while algorithmic fairness may be approximated through reductions in subgroup error rates or other performance metrics, algorithmic justice necessitates a transformation in the development, deployment, oversight, and regulation of facial analysis technology," the researchers wrote in their paper. READ MORE: Gender and racial bias found in Amazon’s facial recognition technology (again) [The Verge] More on Rekognition: Police Surveillance Is Getting a Helping Hand from… Amazon! Share This Article 
Surveillance cameras may soon be able to peer around corners, reconstructing images of things out of their direct line of sight. With the help of an algorithmic trick, cameras can spot the light given off by a hidden object as it bounces off a wall and construct a shockingly-accurate depiction of it, according to research published in the journal Nature on Wednesday. Even if there are obstructions between the object — the researchers used images displayed on a computer monitor — and the wall that the camera is scanning, the new algorithm was able to make sense of the patterns of light and reconstruct the image. In some cases, such an obstruction actually helped prevent the light from scattering too much. Unlike past attempts to build tech that can "see" around corners, this new research doesn't require anything more advanced than a typical digital camera equipped with the new algorithm. As such, the researchers suspect their technology may find its way into consumer technology or a smartphone app, Nature News reports. "Admittedly, it has some fun 'gee-whiz' applications," Boston University engineer Vivek Goyal, the research's lead author, told Nature News, "and it probably has some creepy applications, too." The tech may also find its way into the hands of military or disaster-response teams, speculate the engineers in the research article. Later stages of the algorithm could help spot hazards before they actually pose a threat without requiring those people to bring difficult technical setups into those areas. READ MORE: How an ordinary camera can see around corners [Nature News] More on surveillance: Rich People are Protecting Their Homes With Surveillance Drones Share This Article 
Things are not looking good for Apple's Project Titan, the company's mysterious autonomous car division. Sources with knowledge of the program told CNBC that Apple dismissed "just over 200 employees this week" from the project. An unconfirmed number of them will be moved to other projects including "machine learning and other initiatives across all of Apple," a spokesperson told CNBC. Apple has managed to keep the project almost entirely under wraps. Back in October 2017, we got a glimpse of Project Titan's self-driving test car, which had an impressive array of sensors attached to its roof. In March 2018, Apple decided to nearly double its fleet of self-driving cars. We also heard of Apple amassing a talented team of engineers for the project, including Doug Field, Tesla's former engineering vice president. As of today, Field and Apple veteran Bob Mansfield will take over the reigns of Project Titan, according to CNBC. Needless to say, Apple's interest in self-driving car technology appears to be waning. But the project isn't quite dead yet. The competition is steep, and even the most successful players in the game such as Alphabet's Waymo are only starting to bring the technology to the masses. Apple knows how to play to its strengths — and they arguably have only little to do with the automotive industry. READ MORE: Apple just dismissed more than 200 employees from Project Titan, its autonomous vehicle group [CNBC] More on self-driving cars: Exclusive: A Waymo One Rider’s Experiences Highlight Autonomous Rideshare’s Shortcomings Share This Article 
SpaceX just completed a test fire of the Falcon 9 rocket that will hopefully launch the space company's futuristic Crew Dragon spacecraft into space. If all goes well — SpaceX still has a number of tests planned — it could be the first time astronauts launch into space from American soil since the Space Shuttle's last trip back in 2011. Static fire test complete—targeting February launch from historic Launch Complex 39A for Crew Dragon’s first demonstration flight! pic.twitter.com/sJF24U3UOM — SpaceX (@SpaceX) January 25, 2019  The rocket in question stood proud at Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral yesterday. All nine first-stage engines were briefly ignited. In a joyous and emoji-laden tweet, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk promised that the first astronauts could be going to the International Space Station as soon as this summer — that is, if February's test flight goes according to plan. It's an important first step, and if the 21 successful Falcon 9 launches in 2018 alone are anything to go by, chances are pretty good that SpaceX can pull this off. Rather than only carrying cargo and scientific experiments aboard an otherwise empty Dragon spacecraft, human lives are at stake this time around. SpaceX plans to run an in-flight abort test before it allows any astronauts inside the Crew Dragon. READ MORE: SpaceX Test Fires Rocket for 1st Crew Dragon Launch in February [Space.com] More on Crew Dragon: SpaceX's Crew Dragon Goes Vertical for First Test Launch Share This Article 
Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic just answered a question about its planned commercial flights — what the astronauts are supposed to wear — with a branding opportunity. The Virgin founder says he spacetech venture has partnered with sportswear maker Under Armour, which will design the spacesuits for Virgin astronauts, customers, and staff on the ground. Under Armour will also help Virgin craft physical training regiments for astronauts, according to press releases published by both companies on Thursday. Virgin customers won't wear bulky Under Armour-branded spacesuits like at NASA. The designs haven't been made public, but a Virgin spokesperson told Bloomberg that the spacecraft's cabins will be pressurized so the suits don’t have to be. Rather, the spokesperson said that outfits will cater to a shirt-sleeve environment, meaning an aircraft or spacecraft that doesn't call for specialized protective clothing, like a commercial flight. As such, it remains unclear how much protection the Under Armour suits will actually provide beyond the company's typical athleisure threads. It's also possible that Under Armour will design boundary-pushing spacesuits that could catapult the company into being a major player in the spacetech market. Virgin is currently running test flights, and according to the companies' press release, spacesuit designs will be released prior to the first commercial flights. Those are expected to occur later this year, according to Bloomberg. Until then, we'll have to wait and see. READ MORE: Under Armour Is Blasting Off Into a New Market – Spacesuits [Bloomberg] More on Virgin Galactic: Former NASA Astronaut: Virgin Galactic's Space Flights Are "Dangerous" Share This Article 
Some Teslas can change lanes, make turns, and steer by themselves. And soon you might be able to steer them from afar, like giant remote control (RC) car. In a Tuesday tweet, Tesla CEO Elon Musk claimed that "regulators" had approved Tesla's Advanced Summon feature, and that the feature is "almost ready." The news comes after Musk complained in a Jan. 10 tweet that he was "getting some regulatory pushback" for the idea. "You’ll be able to drive [your Tesla] from your phone remotely like a big RC car if in line of sight," Musk promised in a tweet back in November. "By next year, a Tesla should be able to drive around a parking lot, find an empty spot, read signs to confirm it’s valid and park," he added in December. Almost ready to roll out. Regulators just approved. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 22, 2019  The current iteration, called "Summon," was introduced in 2016 and is limited to simple maneuvers that move the car in and out of parking spaces using the on-board ultrasonic sensors. The upcoming Advanced Summon feature would take advantage of the car's Autopilot cameras and will be available, Musk confirmed in November, to all cars produced in the last two years. Musk promised the Advanced Summon feature would be coming in roughly six weeks back in November. Twelve weeks later it's still not here, but Musk's latest tweet is a sign of movement. Musk also didn't mention what specific regulatory body he was referring to. Thanks to the partial government shutdown, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) might not be available to approve such a feature, as The Drive points out. But it's an exciting concept that's bound to appeal to current and future Tesla owners. READ MORE: Elon Musk Says Tesla Has Regulatory Approval for Its 'RC Car' Summon Feature [The Digest] More on Tesla's Autopilot: Elon Musk: A “360 Degree Dash Cam” Will Soon Keep Your Tesla Safe Share This Article 
The Galapagos Island of Seymour Norte, off the coast of Ecuador, has a vicious invasive rat problem. Despite efforts to curb the spread of the rats in 2007, conservationists found the tiny island was infested yet again a decade later by two common rat species. This time, they employed a high-tech solution to fight the vermin: autonomous drones that fly along predetermined paths and drop bombs of rodent poison, Wired reports. Invasive rodents have decimated native species like iguanas and a number of birds by eating their eggs, and offspring. On an island like Seymour Norte, a single mammal species like the rat can quickly upend a delicate ecosystem. The government of Ecuador partnered with Island Conservation, an American non-profit, to devise a solution: six-rotor drones specially designed to drop an immense 44 pounds of rat poison pellets per trip. The drones are launched from a boat near the island and fly autonomously along a pre-programmed route, dropping pellets as they go. A total of 6,600 pounds (3,000 kilograms) of rat poison were produced for the eradication, according to a press release. The operation has reportedly been successful. According to the team, the rodent infestation is almost entirely banished from the island, giving an Island Conservation spokesperson hope that the system could be used in other areas. "You can take a drone and pack it up and put it on a plane and you can go anywhere in the world with it," Island Conservation's project director Chad Hanson told Wired. "That's effectively opening up a door to a whole new suite of islands that haven't been feasible in the past." READ MORE: Drones Drop Poison Bombs to Fight One Island's Rat Invasion [Wired] More on animal conservation: AI That Counts And Identifies Wildlife Could Be A Game-changer For Ecologists Share This Article 
Thanks to humankind's dependence on fossil fuels, climate change is ravaging the world. Habitats are disappearing, the oceans are heating up and becoming more acidic, and species are going extinct while vulnerable populations are driven from their homes. But there's a bright side to all of this, according to tech company Apple. As the climate worsens, the company says the iPhone's utility at keeping people connected will instill a greater sense of brand loyalty among its customers. CDP, a U.K. organization formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project, ranks corporations based on their impacts on the environment. The group released its letter grades on Tuesday, and Apple earned an "A," according to Bloomberg. Soon thereafter, CDP released Apple's filing to Motherboard. The filing included some tone-deaf gems, like the following: "As severe weather events become more frequent, consumers may come to value more highly the immediate and ubiquitous availability of reliable mobile computing devices for use in situations where transportation, power, and other services may be temporarily interrupted," Apple wrote. Apple also expects to benefit as customers seek energy-efficient products as policies shaped by the changing climate increase electricity costs, Motherboard reports. "If customers value our work to help increase their sense of connectedness, personal safety, and peace of mind, during extreme weather events, we may expect some increase in customer loyalty or brand value," reads part of Apple's filing. READ MORE: Apple Thinks Climate Change Disasters Will Increase Its Brand Value [Motherboard] More on climate change: More Americans Believe in Global Warming Than Ever Before Share This Article 
To absolutely nobody's surprise, Amazon announced today that it will roll out its own network of delivery robots. Amazon's diminutive new six-wheeled friend is called Scout. It'll deliver your packages, according to the company, without a need for a pesky and demanding human. Scout is about the size of a small cooler, and rolls along at walking speeds. Amazon says it'll be able to navigate safely around "pets, pedestrians and anything else in their path," according to a press release. An initial trial will be limited to Snohomish County, a region north of Amazon's home city of Seattle, Washington. Amazon will start off with just six Scout devices, delivering only during daylight hours during the week — likely to avoid heavier foot traffic on sidewalks. Amazon isn't the first company to jump on the delivery robot bandwagon. We've seen numerous companies announce their own fleet of autonomous delivery vehicles. But considering the scale of Amazon's operations and its sheer number of customers, this is a big deal. Amazon has more than enough influence over the online shopping world. Now that the world's most valuable company has expressed interest in the technology, we could see a lot more robots like Amazon's Scout navigating sidewalks in the near future. READ MORE: Amazon is piloting its own delivery robot [TechCrunch] More on delivery robots: U.S. Grocer Kroger Has Begun Making Autonomous Deliveries Share This Article 
If worldwide famine and mass extinction weren't reasons enough to act on global climate change, a couple new reasons to save the planet just popped up. In ecology, animals faced with a critical change or the destruction of their habitat have three options: adapt, migrate, or starve. Now, as climate change has started to ravage some areas of the world through decreased rainfall, uninhabitable temperature increases, and disruptions to the food web, many have hypothesized that the people in those areas would face the same choice: try to find a new place to live as a climate-driven refugee or make do for as long as possible. Now those hunches, which sounded reasonable but lacked concrete evidence, have been scientifically validated by new research published Monday in the journal Global Environmental Change. Climate change is not only linked to increased migration around the world — it directly causes it, according to the research conducted by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis. Specifically, the research looked at contemporary case studies such as Syria's civil war and found that drops in rainfall, a direct result of climate change, drive conflict in areas where resources have become scarce. People faced with unsustainable conditions and warfare then leave to find asylum elsewhere. In some historical cases, subsequent overcrowding can then increase tensions and lead to conflict as well, according to the research, though that particular link wasn't thoroughly investigated. The big picture: the world is becoming uninhabitable due to human-caused climate change; some parts are changing faster than others. As people are forced to leave their homes to seek asylum — adapting to a worsening climate and merely keeping one's head low during resource-driven conflict aren't always viable options — climate change is to blame. And if things are ever going to improve for the people who are most affected, it will be because world leaders did everything they could to fix it. READ MORE: New study establishes causal link between climate, conflict, and migration [International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis] More on climate change: A Wave of Climate Refugees Could Soon Emerge in the US Share This Article 
When Andy Sutton found a huge dent just below the door handle of this Model 3, he took to Twitter: "Really wish there was 360 dash cam feature while parked," he wrote on Tuesday. Lo and behold, Tesla CEO Elon Musk swooped in to answer his call: three hours after Sutton's initial tweet, Musk replied that a "Sentry Mode" will be "coming soon." Presumably, the new mode would act as a high-tech, high-resolution dash cam that ensures your Tesla is secure from bad guys while parked. Tesla Sentry Mode coming soon for all cars with Enhanced Autopilot https://t.co/x2buQWiABX — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 22, 2019  The feature will be limited to Tesla customers who shelled out $5,000 upfront for the company's futuristic Enhanced Autopilot mode. The car will also have to be outfitted with Tesla's latest Autopilot 2.5 hardware package from 2017 or newer for the feature to work, Musk clarified in a follow-up tweet. Enhanced Autopilot mode already enables additional features like auto-steering and automatic lane changing — even a summoning feature that tells your Tesla to drive to where you are without you having to get inside. Of course, details are sparse at the time of writing — and Musk can be a jokester on social media — but the feature will presumably take advantage of the 360 degree camera feature that was introduced back in October as part of a software update. Hands off my Model 3! READ MORE: Elon Musk teases Tesla 'sentry mode' that captures video in 360 degrees [Engadget] More on Tesla's Autopilot: Tesla Just Dropped “Full Self-Driving” Mode From the Model 3 Share This Article 
Alphabet-owned driverless car company Waymo has received approval from the Michigan Economic Development Corporation to build an autonomous vehicle factory in the state. In a Medium post, Waymo claims its factory will be the first in the world that's entirely dedicated to the mass production of driverless vehicles. The company has yet to identify an exact location for its first facility, but it plans to hire "engineers, operations experts, and fleet coordinators," to help "assemble and deploy our self-driving cars." The news comes after General Motors laid off 15 percent of its salaried workers and closed five entire auto plants — including one in Michigan — in the U.S. and Canada in November. The cars Waymo is planning to assemble are modified versions of the Fiat Chrysler vans and Jaguar Land Rovers that have been outfitted with advanced self-driving sensors and other hardware. Waymo is already using Hybrid Chrysler Pacifica minivans as part of its efforts to expand autonomous ride-hailing services in Phoenix, Arizona. It launched the world's first self-driving taxi service back in December, although its operations are limited to a suburb of Arizona's capital. It's a big stepping stone for the future of autonomous vehicles — especially considering Michigan's longstanding history with the automotive industry. READ MORE: Waymo will build self-driving cars in Michigan [Engadget] More on Waymo: Waymo Has Officially Launched a Self-Driving Taxi Service Share This Article 
In a new animation, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' space agency Blue Origin showed off a new design for its heavy load "New Glenn" rocket. The animation shows the two stage rocket take off from a launch pad before separating a bullet-shaped payload fairing in space as the booster re-enters the atmosphere and lands on a ship. Yes, that last part is similar to how SpaceX reuses its Falcon 9 boosters, down to the way legs (the Falcon 9 has four while the New Glenn will have six) splay out of the bottom of the booster to stabilize it during touchdown. While it's not exactly a new idea — even for Blue Origin — a previous New Glenn animation from 2017 showed a slightly different leg design that folded out of the sides of the booster, rather than swinging out. In terms of specs, Blue Origin is promising that the New Glenn will be capable of delivering about 50 metric tons to low Earth orbit, while SpaceX's Heavy Falcon will eventually be capable of delivering just over 70 tons. The New Glenn will stand 83 feet taller than the Heavy Falcon at a massive 313 feet (95 m) tall. Blue Origin's smaller suborbital rocket, the "New Shepard," has also made progress over the last few years. Its next test flight is slated for Jan. 23.  Rather than sending a massive payload into orbit, New Shepard's capsule will carry scientists and their equipment for experiments into suborbital space. We have yet to hear from Blue Origin about an exact launch date of its New Glenn orbital rocket, let alone crewed test flights. The company has said it's aiming for a 2021 test flight from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Blue Origin has some catching up to do. SpaceX's Heavy Falcon completed its first test flight last February, becoming the most powerful rocket in operation. READ MORE: Blue Origin Video Shows Off Updated Design of Huge New Glenn Rocket [Space.com] More on Blue Origin: Blue Origin’s New Shepard Rocket Aces Important Test Share This Article 
Advances in artificial intelligence and automation cast such a long shadow over the workforce that a former Microsoft executive recently predicted that technology will displace 40 percent of workers within 15 years. But a new survey presented Monday to the World Economic Forum suggests that most workers remain surprisingly optimistic in the face of automation: worldwide, most workers believe that at least some aspects of their jobs are too complex for the most advanced robots out there. Just about 80 percent of the people who responded believe that only a human could perform most or all of their job. By and large, participants from Europe and Central Asia were the most confident that their jobs require a human touch, as those regions had the lowest percentages of people saying that technology could do "most of" or "almost all of" what they do in their current jobs. On the other end of the spectrum, 30 percent of participants from South Asia felt entirely replaceable by existing technology, and another 19 percent said that most of their job responsibilities could be automated. The survey included data from just over 10,000 interviews conducted in 29 countries that covered topics such as the looming threat of automation, economic development, international collaborations, the role and motives of large technology companies, and how jobs might change in the future. Notably, the survey started off by asking whether participants trust what scientists say about the climate. Fortunately, most did — except in North America, where the survey revealed that a whopping 17 percent didn't. READ MORE: Americans Have Lost Faith In Their Ability To Move From Poverty To Riches [HuffPost] More on automation: HERE ARE THE JOBS OF THE FUTURE THAT ROBOTS WON’T BE ABLE TO FILL Share This Article 
The speed of light, just shy of 300 million meters per second, is the theoretical speed limit of the universe. Compared to anything we encounter on a daily basis, light travels so fast that it appears to be instantaneous. But a new series of animations by NASA scientist James O'Donoghue shows how dismally slow the speed of light is compared to the scale of our solar system Business Insider reports. The videos, the first of which shows a beam of light orbiting the Earth 7.5 times per second, demonstrate why it takes so long to communicate with Mars rovers and why scientists have no feasible means of reaching or even communicating with hypothetical inhabitants of distant exoplanets. Looking only at our own planet, light still seems pretty fast. For comparison, the world's fastest plane, an X-15, reached a top speed of 2,000 meters per second. At that speed, it would take the plane 5.5 hours to circle the planet. But once you start to zoom out, it becomes just how slow the speed of light is compared to any sort of cosmic scale. O'Donoghue's second animation shows how long it takes for light to travel between Earth and the moon. It's about a 2.5 second round-trip journey — still dizzyingly quick. But then O'Donoghue zooms out to show the distance between Earth and Mars. Now, watching the light travel between planets is like watching your microwave count down. In case you don't feel like sticking around for the whole six-minute video, we reveal the ending below. Don’t read on unless you're comfortable risking having the video spoiled! In the animation, the beam of light takes just over three minutes to travel from Earth to Mars, then takes just as long to make it back home. That's why many Mars rovers have pre-programmed behaviors, like how NASA's InSight automatically deployed its own landing procedure — remote controls from scientists on Earth would take too long to arrive. READ MORE: The speed of light is torturously slow, and these 3 simple animations by a scientist at NASA prove it [Business Insider] More on space: Physicist: Black Holes Could be Portals for Hyperspace Travel Share This Article 
On Dec. 22, the U.S. government shut down. Since then, government-funded biologists have been struggling to feed and tend to the organisms — insects, plants, microbes — that they study. All the while, the scientists are navigating the fine line between doing the bare minimum to keep their subjects alive and furthering their research, which is technically banned by federal law, reports the Los Angeles Times. Scientists who spoke to the LA Times said that their work and that of other scientists could be set back for months or even years as a result of the shutdown. Experiments that were set in motion before the shutdown began can't just be paused. "It's like telling a doctor you can’t go in and see your patients," Victor Raboy, a retired USDA plant geneticist, told the LA Times. Research organisms, some of which are irreplaceable genetic hybrids, still need to eat and will continue to grow, reproduce, and die. That means time-sensitive research may be totally ruined as scientists miss their chance to study or cultivate a particular generation. "We are losing lots of research," Ashley Maness, president of a chapter of the American Federation of Government Employees, told the LA Times. Aside from being a nuisance for furloughed scientists, interrupting this research has grave real-world repercussions. Some of the government scientists who spoke to the LA Times studied things like stopping the spread of Zika virus, and others were investigating ways to protect vulnerable crops from hungry pests. With no end to the government shutdown in sight, things will only get more difficult for scientists and other government employees who have now missed nearly a month's worth of pay. The scientific community will feel reverberations of the shutdown's impact for years to come. READ MORE: As shutdown drags on, scientists scramble to keep insects, plants and microbes alive [Los Angeles Times] More on the shutdown: Gov Shutdown Means 95 Percent of NASA Employees Aren’t At Work Share This Article 
Video games and simulators are getting pretty realistic — a video game pro beat a former Formula 1 driver in a race this weekend, without decades of real-world racing experience. In a shocking victory that left commentators speechless, 23-year-old Enzo Bonito beat Lucas di Grassi, a Formula E and ex-Formula 1 driver on a winding race track in Mexico on Jan. 19. Why does it matter? Because Bonito cut his teeth in esports, the nascent world of competitors who play video games for prizes. Esports are becoming so popular that prizes recently topped out at $100 million for a Fortnite tournament last year. For years, I've been arguing that the top sim racers are really good drivers, and would kick ass given the proper training. Now we are seeing more and more get the chance to prove it. I couldn't be more proud of @EnzoBonito17. The future is bright @iRacing. — Ray Alfalla (@rayalfalla) January 20, 2019  The Race of Champions, which took place in Mexico this year, has been pitting the best drivers from all kinds of motorsport disciplines against each other since 1988. Starting in 2018, the competition allowed virtual racers to enter as well. Unlike first-person shooters or real-time strategy games, "sim racing" or "virtual motorsports" simulate car racing down to details like tire wear, exact suspension design, and handling of real-world racing cars. And forget mouse and keyboard: sim racing pros use physical steering wheels and pedals, just like their real-world race car counterparts. Real-world racers usually go through decades of training, working their way up through different championships. Now simulators have become so good at what they do that they're able to turn an esports pro gamer into a real-life champion, like Bonito. In other words, the skills sim racers pick up are actually transferable to racing inside real-world cars. Two motorsport champions defeated in two days for @EnzoBonito17 💪#F1Esports #ROCMexicopic.twitter.com/VpwZd2zqAE — Formula 1 (@F1) January 20, 2019  While the win came as a shock, it was a long time coming. Sim racing has made major strides in recent years — the first professional esports race team launched in 2016, and is part of a much bigger network of a number of racing leagues and competitions today. The phenomenon works in the other direction as well: many real-world racing professionals are now competing in online racing platforms. But nobody expected an esports pro to get this far. In fact, Bonito went on to beat three-time Indy 500 — that's one of the most prestigious motorsport events in the world — winner Ryan Hunter-Reay the next day. READ MORE:  A sim racer just beat an ex-F1 driver in a real-life race [Eurogamer] More on esports: A New Cornerstone of Human Culture is Transforming Our Oldest Institutions Share This Article 
Researchers have captured the best-ever image of Sagittarius A*, the supermassive black hole at the center of our Milky Way galaxy, by using a new computer model to see through the haze of plasma surrounding the cosmic monster. "The galactic centre is full of matter around the black hole, which acts like frosted glass that we have to look through to see the black hole," Max Planck Institute researcher Eduardo Ros told New Scientist of the discovery. The fresh image of the black hole, which is twice the resolution of the previous best one, is described in a new paper in The Astrophysical Journal. Researchers used 13 powerful telescopes around the world to capture the image and have been teasing its release since earlier in January. According to New Scientist, astrophysicists had assumed that such a black hole would show a gigantic jet of matter and radiation. Surprisingly, they didn't find such a jet coming out of the Milky Way's monstrous black hole. Either it doesn't have one — or they can't see it because it's pointed directly at us. Even if that were the case, Ros cautioned, it's not cause for alarm. "If anything is there, it will be a length that is 1,000 times less than the distance to us," Ros told New Scientist. "There is no danger at all – we should not fear the supermassive black hole." READ MORE: Our Galaxy’s Supermassive Black Hole May Be Spewing Matter Right at Us [New Scientist] More on Sagittarius A*: New Image Confirms a Black Hole Is Swallowing Our Galaxy Share This Article 
The Pentagon recently announced that the F-35, the stealth fighter plane that President Trump seems to think is literally invisible, may soon be equipped with new weapons specifically intended to take down nuclear missiles. As described in the Pentagon's official Missile Defense Review from last Thursday, The anti-nuke F-35s would join other measures designed to disable and protect from intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) such as laser-equipped drones as well as orbital sensors that can spot and intercept ICBMs after they've been launched. It's far-fetched to imagine a fighter plane successfully shooting down a missile that travels, at its slowest, 6.5 kilometers per second. The pilot would need to already be near the site of the missile launch, know that it's going to happen, and operate with a near-zero margin of error, according to Motherboard. To borrow the words of the fictional character Zoë Washburne from the TV show "Firefly," it would be like "like throwing a dart" and "hitting a bulls-eye 6,000 miles away." Thankfully the Pentagon envisions anti-nuke F-35s as a complement, not a replacement, for existing nuclear defense systems. These proposed anti-ICBM F-35s mainly complicate what the F-35, first deployed in combat last Fall, is supposed to be. As Motherboard points out, different branches of the military have different visions of what the F-35 should do, specifically catered to that branch's needs. And now, apparently, it's also supposed to stop any potential hostile nukes. READ MORE: Now the F-35 Is Also an Anti-Nuke Weapon [Motherboard] More on the Missile Defense Review: The U.S. Wants to Put Ballistic Missile Defense Systems in Space Share This Article 
Elon Musk-led electric vehicle manufacturer Tesla has had a chaotic month. End-of-the-year figures showed that it had scaled up production dramatically in 2018, but weeks later the company announced that it was laying off seven percent of its workforce. Now, CNBC speculates that some of those financial jitters could stem from a nearly billion-dollar debt that's about to come due to for the automaker — a tough start to 2019 that could impact not just Tesla's long-term chances but the outlook of the entire EV industry. The debt stems from a financial instrument called a "convertible senior note," according to CNBC: basically, if the company's stock is trading for more than $359.87 on March 1, the debt will convert into Tesla shares — but if not, it'll owe the $920 million debt in cash. Why's that bad news for Tesla? Because the automaker's stock hasn't traded above that value in weeks, the network reports. Tesla has clearly been making efforts to shore up its bottom line. In addition to he layoffs, it dropped its longstanding customer referral program this past week. If it's forced to cough up the debt, according to CNBC, Tesla will wipe out approximately a third of its cash reserves — a bleak state of affairs for a futuristic venture that's struggled with certain business norms as it attempts to upend an established industry. READ MORE: Tesla Cuts 7% of Its Workforce, and Elon Musk Sees a ‘Very Difficult’ Road Ahead [CNBC] More on Tesla: Elon Musk: Tesla Is Dropping Its Customer Referral Program Share This Article 
The small Indian state of Sikkim is about to launch a basic income experiment that will provide cash payments to each of its 610,000 citizens — a pilot that the Washington Post says is the largest basic income experiment in history. "In developed countries, the main purpose is to restructure or economize the existing welfare schemes, like unemployment benefits," University of California at Berkeley economist Pranab Bardhan told the Post of the experiment. "In low- or mid-income countries, like India, the rationale will be to address the minimum economic insecurity of a larger section of the population, not just the poorest, without touching the existing anti-poverty measures." Tech luminaries including Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have endorsed the idea of basic income, the Post points out, as an idea to transform the economy as more labor becomes automated. But actual experiments have been rare and limited in scope — making it ironic that the largest to date is scheduled to kick off in India, a far less affluent country than the United States. It's important to note that details about Sikkim's upcoming experiment remain hazy. It's not clear how much each resident will be paid, and the launch date of 2022 is still years away. But Indian politicians are hopeful. "It’s a matter of political will ultimately," said P.D. Rai, a Sikkim's member of parliament. "With the rise of global inequality, we want to ensure that we bridge the gap." READ MORE: Tiny Indian state proposes world’s biggest experiment with guaranteed income [The Washington Post] More on basic income: Study Finds People Given Basic Income Are Likely to Keep Working Share This Article 
Remember when assailants beat and dismembered a hitchhiking robot? Or destroyed a sex robot at an electronics show? Or when a man pulled a gun on a Waymo self-driving car? Or beat an educational robot with a baseball bat? Those incidents aren't outliers, experts say. Again and again, people across the world are attacking and injuring robots — a trend, according to the New York Times, that could indicate a deep compulsion to lash out against automatons, and which could have wide-ranging implications for the future of interactions between robots and humans. One hypothesis is that the violence is due to economic anxiety: people are worried that robots could take their jobs. That's one plausible solution, according to the Times, but another could be the ancient and brutal human tendency to exclude tribal outsiders. "You have an agent, the robot, that is in a different category than humans," Italian cognitive psychologist Agnieszka Wykowska told the paper. “So you probably very easily engage in this psychological mechanism of social ostracism because it’s an out-group member. That’s something to discuss: the dehumanization of robots even though they’re not humans." Wykowska blames anti-robot violence on what she calls "Frankenstein syndrome" — the fear of unknown things that are somewhat like us, but different in uncanny ways. Wykowska told the Times about an incident, for instance, in which a colleague introduced robots to a kindergarten class. The children "have this tendency of being very brutal to the robot, they would kick the robot, they would be cruel to it, they would be really not nice,” she said. But there was a bright side, she told the paper. When the teachers told the children that the robots had names — humanizing them, perhaps, in a small way — the violence stopped. READ MORE: Why Do We Hurt Robots? [The New York Times] More on anti-robot violence: People Are Reportedly Attacking Driverless Cars in California Share This Article 
The U.S. recently released a report that outlines how it will develop new technology to defend itself from missile attacks, and expand its existing missile defend shield. Chief among the ideas outlined by the report are ways the U.S. could defend itself from missiles — but from space. The so-called Missile Defense Review was officially released in its unclassified form by the Pentagon earlier this week. The accompanying event was attended by President Donald Trump, Vice-President Mike Pence, and a number of high-ranking U.S. military officials. A particularly high-brow idea highlighted in the report: space-based sensors, and anti-missile weapons that could track missiles mid-flight, and intercept (read: destroy) them from orbit. We've known about these plans for a while now. The development of space-based anti-missile systems was mentioned in this year's defense spending bill that was agreed upon by U.S. lawmakers back in July. The plan is to come up with a preliminary working prototype of such a sensor by the early 2020s. "We see space as an area that’s very important as far as advanced, next-level capabilities that will help us stay ahead of the threat," said Pentagon technology head Mike Griffin at the event, as quoted by Defense News. "A space-based layer of sensors is something we are looking at to help give early warning, tracking and discrimination of missiles when they are launched." Space-based interceptors however — a system of high velocity projectiles or even lasers that can take out ballistic missiles while in orbit — will have to go through a six-month testing phase before the military decides to invest in the technology, according to Defense News. Other ideas outlined in the Missile Defense Review include using the F-35 fighter jet to shoot down missiles while airborne, and an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) that could do the same — but with lasers. READ MORE: Here's All You Need To Know About The New Missile Defense Review That Was Just Released [The Drive] More on missile defense systems: Watch a Missile Smash a Dummy Nuclear Warhead Out of the Sky Share This Article 
After multiple delays, bad weather, and a dramatic last-second abort, the United Launch Alliance (ULA) is hoping to finally send a top secret spy satellite into space today. The satellite is scheduled to launch on top of a ULA Delta IV Heavy rocket from the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California  at  2:05 p.m. EST. According to the ULA, it's the 38th time a Delta IV rocket has been launched since 2002. A handful of failed attempts have delayed the launch of the mission that was originally scheduled for early December. A launch attempt in mid December was aborted when engineers noticed a hydrogen leak coming from one of the boosters. More issues with the rocket delayed launch again earlier this month. Fueling of the #DeltaIVHeavy is underway at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California for today's #NROL71 launch at 11:05 am PST. Follow along with our Live Launch Blog for countdown reports: https://t.co/W9zB6LUGpw pic.twitter.com/Y476hBnuVT — ULA (@ulalaunch) January 19, 2019  ULA vice president Gary Wentz called the mission a "high-priority mission for the nation's warfighters" in a statement earlier this month. But otherwise, details about the satellites on board are sparse. In fact, the mission is so classified, the public stream of the launch will cut out after only six minutes to protect NRO's mission from prying eyes, according to Space.com. But you'll be able to live stream those first few minutes on ULA's website. READ MORE: US Launching Secret Spy Satellite Today! Here's How to Watch Live More on the U.S. spy satellite: Watch a U.S. Spy Satellite Launch Fail Seconds Before Liftoff Share This Article 
During the 1960s, the United States and Russia were engaged in a bitter space race. But starting in the 1970s, their rival space agencies started to collaborate. Nowadays, both countries help run the International Space Station. But it's starting to look, Ars Technica reports, as though international rivalries could tear that mutually beneficial relationship apart. If it does, it'll be a blow not just to space research but to the prospects of a friendly, demilitarized international space community. One key issue driving the split is that after NASA decommissioned its Space Shuttle program, it started relying on Russia to launch its astronauts and equipment into orbit. Increasingly, though, NASA has inked contracts with American companies like SpaceX, cutting Russia out of the loop. "I think we are going through a long transition in the relationship," space historian John Logsdon told Ars. "When Russia joined the station partnership, it demanded and got, on the basis of its human spaceflight experience, treatment as first among US partners. Now, 25 years later, it is no longer a space superpower, but one among several second-tier countries." Dmitry Rogozin, the head of the Russian space program Roscosmos, has butted heads with NASA leadership. In 2014, when the Obama administration sanctioned Rogozin and six other Russian leaders over the 2014 Crimea annexation, Rogozin tweeted that America should start using a trampoline to get astronauts to the space station. Last year, he suggested that a small hole in the International Space Station could have been made deliberately, prompting international intrigue. It's possible that the two space programs will patch things up, but it'll be a long road — and if they don't, the whole community of space research stands to suffer. READ MORE: The longstanding NASA-Russian partnership in space may be unraveling [Ars Technica] More on space: The Competitors in Today’s Space Race Are Companies, Not Countries Share This Article 
More bad news for the Russian space agency Rocosmos: Reuters reports that engineers found a fatal flaw in the design of its much anticipated Angara A5 heavy lift space rocket. The rocket went through its first test launch back in 2014. Once completed, it's supposed to lug 20 metric tons of cargo into space at a time — roughly a third of the payload of SpaceX's Heavy Falcon rocket. Now, Reuters reports that scientists warned of dangerous low-frequency oscillations that could rip the Angara A5 rocket's RD-191 engines apart during launch. Despite efforts to reduce these oscillations, including the installation of a special valve, scientists working for Russian engine manufacturer Energomash allegedly warned that a launch could still end in disaster. Reuters mentions that a paper published by Energomash was reported on by the Russian RIA News earlier Friday. Oddly, RIA News later published an update stating that the problems had been eliminated and referencing an official press release on Energomash's website. "Messages appearing in the media about a defect in the Angara RN engines contain inaccurate information that's taken out of the context," reads the press release, as interpreted by Google Translate. The news couldn't have come at a worse time for Russia's space ambitions. It comes after a bent Soyuz rocket sensor forced a NASA and Russian astronaut to make an emergency landing in October. A different, uncrewed cargo spacecraft fell back to Earth shortly after launch in December 2016. Russia's current Proton M heavy launch rocket didn't fare much better, experiencing a failure rate of ten percent. It's impossible to say at this stage if Angara A5's rocket is ready to launch. All we can do is hope that engine manufacturer Energomash has found a solution in time for next test. READ MORE: Russian scientists find defect in new heavy lift space rocket engine [Reuters] More on Roscosmos: Russia's Only Space Telescope Has Stopped Responding to Commands Share This Article 
We already knew that the U.S. Department of Defense had secretly funded research on unidentified flying objects — yes, UFOs — thanks to 2017 reporting by the New York Times and the Washington Post. Now, new documents released by the Defense Intelligence Agency reveal that the program also studied a laundry list of topics that sound like plot devices from "The X-Files," including UFOs, "warp drive," "extra dimensions," and "traversable wormholes." The newly released documents come thanks to Steven Aftergood, the director of an organization called the Federation of American Scientists’ Project on Government Secrecy. He obtained the files via a Freedom of Information Act request. "I think anyone who looks at these titles will scratch their heads and wonder what on earth the Defense Intelligence Agency was thinking," Aftergood told technology site Motherboard. "These are the kinds of topics you pursue when you have more money than you know what to do with." Some of the projects described in the document cache contain almost no details, but mainstream research projects corroborate others. A German scientist whose work on theoretical cloaking technologies was cited by the journal Nature led a project on "invisibility cloaking," Motherboard pointed out. Richard Obousy, a theoretical physicist whom Futurism has reported on previously, headed a project on "warp drives" and "the manipulation of extra dimensions." But the full scope of the Defense Department's research into fringe technologies won't be clear until more documentation becomes publicly available. READ MORE: The Government’s Secret UFO Program Funded Research on Wormholes and Extra Dimensions [Motherboard] More on UFOs: Yes, a NASA Scientist Said Aliens May Have Visited Earth. But There’s Some Nuance Share This Article 
A Japanese company called Astro Live Experiences is about to launch a satellite that it will use to generate the first-ever artificial meteor shower. The satellite is an experimental prototype that the company hopes will help it prepare for its first full "Sky Canvas" show near Hiroshima in 2020. It's loaded with thousands of tiny pellets that will catch fire as they descend through the atmosphere, leaving long, glowing trails that resemble shooting stars, according to CNET. According to the company, each centimeter-wide pellet will combust as it re-enters the atmosphere. From the ground, the plan is that it'll look like a shooting star that burns brighter and lasts longer than the real thing. Astro Live Experiences claims that the pellets will totally disintegrate, though scientists told BuzzFeed News early last year that there would be some risk of the pellets colliding with other satellites. Risks aside, this prototype and next year's Sky Canvas show demonstrate that performance art has breached the final frontier. Whether you're a kid wishing on a star or a young lover enjoying a romantic evening, is there anything more beautiful and awe-inspiring than seeing a tech startup's space garbage illuminating the night sky? "I hope that our man-made meteors will help reveal new discoveries in science, and that it will gather and entertain people under the night sky," Astro Live Experiences CEO Lena Okajima said in a recent press release. It's unclear exactly how a Sky Canvas show will contribute to science, but we decided to fathom a guess. Hypothesis: If a tech startup fills the sky with flammable garbage, a bunch of tech blogs will groan in unison. Those results are good enough to publish. READ MORE: First artificial meteor shower might outshine natural 'shooting stars' [CNET] More on Astro Live Experiences: Guess What, Rich People: Meteor Showers on Demand Are a Terrible Idea Editor’s Note 1/17 at 5:37 PM ET: This article has been updated to when the satellite will launch. Share This Article 
U.S.-based automaker startup Rivian made headlines when it revealed its electric pickup truck back in November. But it's about to face some storied competition from iconic Ford trucks including the classic F-150. Ford revealed today it that will release all-electric and hybrid versions of its best-selling F-series and Super Duty pickup truck lineup. Ford president Jim Farley told analysts in Detroit that the move was intended to "future-proof that global juggernaut of commercial vehicles," according to The Detroit News. And that's a pretty big deal: for decades, Ford's F-Series have been some of the best-selling pickup trucks in the United States. Ford sold almost 900,000 F-Series trucks in 2017 alone. It's part of Ford's greater move to electrify its fleet — according to Reuters, it's planning to spend $11 billion by 2022 on EV investments and add 40 hybrid and electric vehicles to its lineup. The company also announced it will partner with German automaker VW to release future EVs, and other autonomous vehicles yesterday. It may have massive reach in the auto industry, but Ford isn't alone in wanting to release an electric truck. For one, there's Elon Musk's passion project: Tesla's "straight out of Blade Runner" pickup truck. We have yet to see any final designs or a release timeline for it, but if Musk has his way, its specs will be groundbreaking. But then again, Ford doesn't know when their battery-powered F-150 will hit the road either — officials didn't offer a timeline today. The hybrid version, though, will launch in 2020. What will people who decide to "ICE" — or block — electric car charging ports think, now that even the most mainstream of trucks is going electric? They'll have to decide that for themselves — maybe they'll be taking advantage of those chargers themselves in the future. READ MORE: Ford planning battery-electric F-150 [The Detroit News] More on electric pickup trucks: Tesla Found a Clever Way to Prevent Supercharger ICEing Share This Article 
For a technology that stands to revolutionize how we generate clean energy, nuclear fusion is remarkably leaky — high energy particles can sometimes escape experimental reactors, making the process much less efficient. But new research may have found a way to keep those particles where they belong, according to U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) research published in the journal Physics of Plasmas in October. The new work could boost the efficiency of experimental fusion reactors such as ITER, a groundbreaking facility currently under construction in France. Right now, the plasma in experimental fusion reactors can generate waves that push around high-energy particles. Those waves can grow so big that the particles are actually driven outside of the reactor altogether, taking with them some of the energy needed for the fusion reaction. The new DOE research describes complex computer simulations that can track and predict these waves, giving physicists new avenues to prevent them and keep these particles right where they belong. The researchers hope their work will help build ITER, a multinational experimental fusion reactor that's expected to first go online in 2025 — though doing so will require scaling up the simulation substantially. "A conservative projection for ITER is that simulations will require approximately 1 million times more calculations than are needed for current tokamaks," said Nikolai Gorelenkov, a principal research physicist at the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory and a co-author of the new paper, in a press release. "It’s an unprecedented amount of computation, so we have to find ways to make the simulation easier to finish." READ MORE: Found: A precise method for determining how waves and particles affect fusion reactions [Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory] More on improving fusion reactors: SCIENTISTS DISCOVERED A NEW WAY TO STABILIZE FUSION REACTIONS Share This Article 
A three-year-old startup is trying to launch rockets into space that are almost entirely 3D printed. And it just got permission from the U.S. Air Force to launch from the historic Launch Complex 16 at Cape Canaveral in Florida. Relativity Space — a rocket-building company founded by SpaceX and Blue Origin alumni — revealed a new contract with the U.S. Air Force this week that would allow it to launch from a site that has been unused since 1988, according to Quartz. If the company manages to regularly launch rockets from the site, it could be able to extend the contract into a 20-year exclusive agreement with the Air Force. Relativity Space has ambitious plans: it wants to 3D print an entire rocket with its groundbreaking, building-sized Stargate metal 3D printer, then launch it into orbit. Its long term plans are also enormous — the company wants to eventually 3D print rockets on Mars, according to its official website. 3D printing a rocket would be simpler and allow for more efficient designs, fewer moving parts, and faster construction. The company's first planned launch vehicle called Terran 1 would only take 60 days to print, and would have a max payload of 1,250 kg (2756 lbs) to low-Earth orbit — at least if everything works out as planned. Relativity Space is going through a growth spurt right now. Its number of employees rose from 14 to 60, co-founder Tim Ellis told Ars Technica. It's also planning a test launch of the Terran 1 rocket in 2020, with commercial missions starting in 2021. Using 3D printing technology to blast off into space is an exciting idea, and could make building rockets faster and cheaper. But the proof is in the pudding — or rocket fuel. READ MORE: Relativity Space to launch from historic Florida site [Ars Technica] More on Relativity Space: A Fully 3D Printed Rocket Is Not as Crazy as it Seems Share This Article 
Putting together parts to build a conventional computer isn't rocket science. Most parts can be ordered online, and with a little bit of know-how, you'll end up with a functioning PC in no time. But when it comes to quantum computers, things get vastly more difficult. Collecting parts for quantum computers is so difficult and expensive, according to the MIT Technology Review, that it could slow the development of the technology as a whole — and worse, tech giants like IBM and Google could get a head start while leaving smaller startups and research institutions in the dust. MIT Tech talked to Blake Johnson, the vice president of quantum engineering at a California-based quantum computer startup, who said that specialized parts like refrigerants that keep quantum computers near absolute zero and superconducting cabling are practically impossible to obtain right now. The demand for these specialized parts is outstripping the dwindling supply. And that's a problem: the quantum computing industry is booming right now. Yet long wait times for these components are significantly slowing down quantum research. To make matters worse, many quantum computing components are made by only one or two companies in the entire world. Cables that conduct very little heat are made by just one  manufacturer in Japan. Refrigerant gases — including a special helium isotope called helium-3 — are a nuclear research byproduct, and thereby very difficult to obtain, according to MIT Tech. There are several possible workarounds. Researchers could find other ways to build quantum computers that don't require extreme cold temperatures to run. Or they could wait until manufacturers catch up with the growing demand for the components needed for today's quantum computers. Or, of course, economic forces might win out: smaller companies could enter the market and start manufacturing some of the rare components as demand increases. READ MORE: We’d have more quantum computers if it weren’t so hard to find the damn cables [MIT Technology Review] More on quantum computers: IBM Just Unveiled Its First Commercial Quantum Computer Share This Article 
Gavin Newsom, the new governor of California, has big plans to revamp the state's poverty-prevention tax credit program so that it helps more people who are struggling to make ends meet. Currently, the federal Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) boosts the annual tax refund to households making less than $45,802. The state version in California, the California Earned Income Tax Credit (CalEITC) adds an extra refund for those making less than $22,000 per year. The new plan would more than double CalEITC's funding so that 400,000 more low-income families can receive assistance on a monthly instead of an annual basis, according to Fast Company — but Adam Ruben, the campaigns director of the Economic Security Project cautions against calling it basic income. To Ruben's point, a monthly payment for families in need sounds a lot like universal basic income, a system that's often touted as a solution — or at least a bandage — for wealth inequality. But both the current CalEITC and Newsom's proposed expansion of the program will only go towards low-income, working Californians. "What we’re seeing is the idea of the importance of a steady drumbeat of financial security throughout the year," Ruben told Fast Company. The tax credit serves more as an acknowledgment that many jobs, even when paying out a $15 minimum wage, don't provide enough for families to make ends meet or escape from debt. Rather than helping everyone, the expanded CalEITC would focus on helping those who don't make enough or can't get enough shifts to get the extra help that they need, Fast Company reports. By switching to a monthly payout, families receiving assistance would be able to better manage their finances than under the current system, under which they have to stretch out one payment over an entire year. Under Newsom's proposed expansion, the budget for CalEITC would jump from $400 million to $1 billion. This would let California raise the program's income cap to $30,000 a year — an increase that means 400,000 more households would become eligible for benefits. Presently, CalEITC provides families with $2,879 per year. The expanded version would reportedly more than double that payout, with an additional $500 given to families with young children. For now, the proposal is in its early stages, so the specific payment plan has not yet been released. But the extra $600 million will likely come from increased corporate taxes or income taxes for the wealthiest Californians, according to Fast Company. READ MORE: California has a new plan to give a monthly check to low-income residents [Fast Company] More on financial assistance: Facebook Co-Founder Suggests Taxing the Richest 1% of Americans to Fund UBI Editor's Note 1/17 at 10:30 AM ET: This article originally claimed that the new CalEITC proposal would extend payments to any Californian regardless of immigration status. It also misspelled Adam Ruben's name. It has since been corrected. Share This Article 
In the past, science fiction was somewhat of a niche genre catering to a relatively small cadre of loyal fans. But somewhere between Star Trek and Return of the Jedi, it burst firmly into the mainstream, and never looked back. As a result, there's an abundance of Sci-Fi options available in today's media landscape. From big-budget movie franchises like Star Wars and Marvel, to cult TV hits like The Expanse, we are arguably living in a golden age of science fiction. But with such a wide array of options, it can be easy to overlook deserving content. That's especially true in the world of science fiction literature, which is often under-marketed to the public and overshadowed by visual media. With that in mind, we've compiled a list of recent books that any true Sci-Fi fan will enjoy. So if you consider yourself a fan of science fiction, and you haven't already read the titles listed below, you owe it to yourself to check them out. Charles Soule is best known as a comic-book writer for iconic Marvel titles such as Daredevil, Wolverine, and Star Wars. But The Oracle Year, which was described as a "fast-paced thrill ride" that's "filled with significant twists and turns" by the New York Journal of Books, has cemented his place as a talented science-fiction novelist. The Oracle Year tells the story of a 20-something New York musician named Will Dando who experiences a strange dream foretelling 108 future events. But when Dando anonymously goes public with some of his predictions, and they prove to be accurate, his true identity becomes the most sought-after information on the planet. While Dando's powers give him more wealth and power than he ever imagined, they also make him a prime target for those who feel threatened by his clairvoyance, including the US Government. As a result, he is forced to stay one-step ahead of multiple enemies while protecting himself, his friends, and the future of humanity, in the process. When it comes to science fiction novels, end-of-the-world plot lines are a dime a dozen. But author Peng Shepherd has managed to put a unique twist on the well-worn genre. And in the process, she earned her novel The Book of M a spot on Amazon's yearly list of the "Best Science Fiction and Fantasy Books." In The Book of M, people around the world randomly begin to lose their shadows. Soon after, those afflicted with shadow loss also begin to lose their memories, along with their ability to reason. As more and more people fall victim to the terrifying, unexplained phenomenon, a young couple named Ory and Max hide out in an abandoned hotel as society collapses around them. But when Max also succumbs to the affliction and wanders away, Ory sets out into the terrifying new world to find her before it's too late. Set in the year 2147, The Punch Escrow envisions an optimistic future where humanity has used technology to overcome problems such as pollution and disease. Society has also perfected the science of teleportation, which has become the world's preferred mode of transportation. However, as with most technological advances, this proves to be a double-edged sword, and results in unforeseen problems. Specifically, when an AI specialist named Joel Byram realizes he's been duplicated while teleporting, he becomes a target of both the corporation behind the technology and his new doppelgänger. While technological advancements are the subject of this book, they were also instrumental in its creation. Author Tal M. Klein used money raised from a crowdfunding campaign to publish The Punch Escrow. And as a result, he's created a book that was described as the “next Ready Player One,” by former Warner Brothers President Greg Silverman. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Astronomers recently spotted an invisible, interstellar nomad wandering throughout the Milky Way. More specifically, scientists working at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan (NAOJ) found evidence of rare type of black hole, according to research published on the preprint server ArXiv in December. If the scientists are correct, that would make this Jupiter-sized black hole the third of its kind in our entire galaxy, New Scientist reports. The team never actually saw the black hole because it's, well, a black hole. But what they did see was a traveling cloud of celestial gases orbiting around something using a network of Chilean telescopes called the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array, according to Space.com. "When I checked the ALMA data for the first time, I was really excited because the observed gas showed obvious orbital motions, which strongly suggest an invisible massive object lurking," Shunya Takekawa, an astrophysicist at the NAOJ told New Scientist. Based on how that gas cloud was moving orbiting its central point, the team determined that the newly-discovered black hole is about 3,000 times more massive than our Sun — but so compact that it takes up about as much space as Jupiter, according to the research. Since about 1,000 planets the size of Jupiter could fit into the Sun, that makes this new black hole 3 million times more dense than the Sun. Scientists have a much better understanding of the common, comparatively tiny black holes born of collapsed stars, as well as the supermassive black holes at the center of the Milky Way. Ultimately, this discovery opens the door to the possibility that there are many more medium-sized black holes wandering the Milky Way. Now that astronomers know to keep their eyes out for clouds of spiraling gas, other teams may soon find more and more of these bizarre and rare black holes. READ MORE: A black hole the size of Jupiter is just wandering around the galaxy [New Scientist] More on black holes: A BLACK HOLE INHALED A STAR. THEN IT STARTED TO SHRINK Share This Article 
Elon Musk just made an Australian lawmaker an offer an unusual offer. In a Twitter exchange today, the Boring Company CEO offered New South Wales parliament member Jeremy Buckingham a tunnel underneath the Blue Mountains to link Sydney to the West. The dig would come at a competitive price of "about $15 million per kilometer, so probably around $750 million," according to Musk's tweet. That's a lot less than the "up to $1 billion per mile" figure the Boring Company estimates on its website that a tunnel would cost at conventional rates. The idea would be to help Sydney's notorious traffic. The tunnel would be a followup to Tesla — a different Elon Musk venture — installing the biggest lithium-ion battery farm in the world in South Australia back in 2017. It's a project that won a lot of goodwill among Australian lawmakers by saving local cities from energy woes. It would also be the Boring Company's first project outside of the U.S. Other planned projects include a tunnel that connects LA's baseball stadium to a nearby subway line, and a high-speed connection that connects Chicago city to its airport. One of the Boring Company's central missions is to bring down the costs of digging tunnels by developing faster and more efficient boring machines. While we have yet to see concrete proof of the company's ability to cut costs by "a factor of more than ten" by doing that, a tunnel that relieves Sydney's traffic could be a lucrative and highly visible project. READ MORE: Elon Musk Tells Lawmaker The Boring Company Can Dig Via Mountain for Cheap [Inverse] More on Boring tunnels: Watch the Boring Company's Digging Machine Finish Its First Tunnel Editor's note Jan. 16, 2019 at 5:23 PM ET: This article has been updated to correct an error about the location of Tesla's battery farm in South Australia. Share This Article 
Researchers at ETH Zurich in Switzerland taught a four-legged robot dog a valuable life skill: how to get up again after it gets knocked down. And yes, it involved evil scientists kicking and shoving an innocent robot. The researchers used an AI model to teach ANYmal, a doglike robot made by ANYbotics, how to right itself after being knocked onto its side or back in a variety of physical environments — as opposed to giving the robot a detailed set of instructions for only one specific environment. The results were published in a paper today on Science Robotics. In simple terms, the robot tried again and again to right itself in simulation, and learned from instances when a movement didn't end up righting it. It then took what it learned and applied it to the real world. It even learned how to run faster than it could before. Thanks to the neural network, ANYmal was also able to reach 1.5 metres per second or just over three mph in mere hours, according to New Scientist. Are we inching closer to a future where robot guard dogs chase us down to exact revenge on us, as seen on Netflix's Black Mirror? Sure looks like it. So perhaps it's time to stop kicking robot dogs — before we know it, they'll start learning how to protect themselves. READ MORE: Robot dog taught itself to get back up when people kick it over [New Scientist] More on ETH Zurich's ANYmal: New robot dogs can deliver your lunch right to your desk Share This Article 
Forget high-tech underground facilities spanning miles and miles — the sensor that finally detects dark matter might rest on a three-foot-long table. Physicists at Barcelona, Spain's Institute of Photonic Sciences recently built a new molecular scale. It's a virus-sized bead that floats in a tiny vacuum chamber, held aloft by a focused infrared laser beam. And they say that it could be the key to detecting high-frequency waves and even dark matter, the elusive and invisible substance that makes up 85 percent of all matter in the universe, according to a new WIRED feature. The actual science gets circuitous, so bear with us for a moment. Research published on the preprint server ArXiv last week described how the bead can reliably and consistently measure objects as small as an individual molecule with considerably less error than existing molecular scales. When an object such as a molecule is attached to the floating bead, the physicists can perturb it with a tiny force and determine the mass of the object by looking at how fast the bead oscillates, like a tiny metronome. Currently, the scientists who invented the scale are working on experiments to unravel the mysteries of how gravity works by measuring the minute gravitational forces that the bead and a nearby sliver of gold exert on each other, according to WIRED. The team also hopes to use its floating bead system to detect high-frequency gravitational waves, which the scientists believe would cause the laser suspending the bead to bend out of shape. It's that type of wave that would help physicists spot dark matter, something that so far no one has been able to do. That's because the waves are caused when a theoretical dark matter particle called an axion runs into the powerful forces given off by a black hole, according to a different WIRED story. Whether or not the minuscule glass bead is up to the task of finally providing us with direct evidence of dark matter is yet to be determined. But in the meantime, it shows that scientists are actively coming up with original ideas that are wildly different from the warehouse-sized detectors usually tasked with the search for dark matter. READ MORE: A LEVITATING GLASS BEAD PROBES THE UNIVERSE’S MYSTERIES [WIRED] More on dark matter: Two Nearly-Identical Dark Matter Studies Have Conflicting Results Share This Article 
Defense News reports that the U.S. navy is planning to unleash unmanned surface combatants — military robot warships, basically — to accompany other boats that are controlled by a human crew. The move may come in response to China and Russia's heavy investment in similar technologies that could put U.S. aircraft carriers at risk, according to Defense News' analysis. Naval superiority is a priority for the Chinese military — which the Pentagon wants to challenge with artificial intelligence and automation investments. Last year's naval National Defense Strategy — when it was announced at the beginning of 2018 — was focused on backing up existing aircraft carriers and bolstering peacekeeping efforts. The new focus differs: smaller surface combatants, many of which will be unmanned, and equipped with state-of-the-art sensors. The idea is to overwhelm the enemy and make it difficult for them to track a large number of smaller ships. Having a larger number of autonomous ships will also make sensor data collection more reliable and accurate. "We want everything to be only as big as it needs to be. You make it smaller and more distributable, given all dollars being about equal," U.S. Navy Surface Warfare Director Ronald Boxall told Defense News in a December interview. "And when I look at the force, I think: ‘Where can we use unmanned so that I can push it to a smaller platform?'" One such autonomous warship has already made headlines in the past: Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency's (DARPA) Sea Hunter is a submarine-hunting warship that can operate without humans on board for 60 to 90 days straight. Details are becoming more sparse about the Sea Hunter since the Navy recently classified any information about its future. The U.S. navy is also moving to update the way it builds warships, and how computers and sensors on board function. The Navy wants all modern warships to be built around a single combat system that runs on every ship. "For us to get faster, we either have to keep going with the model we had where we upgrade our flip phones, or we cross over the mentality to where it says: 'I don’t care what model of iPhone you have — 7 or X or whatever you have — it will still run Waze or whatever [applications] you are trying to run,” Boxall told Defense News. READ MORE: US Navy moves toward unleashing killer robot ships on the world’s oceans [Defense News] More on autonomous ships: Meet The World's First Self-Driving Warship Share This Article 
China won't be the first country to retrieve lunar soil samples at the end of 2019 as part of its upcoming Chang'e-5 mission — NASA pulled off that feat in 1969. But if all goes according to plan, the country could make history with an even more ambitious endeavor, by bringing back samples of Martian soil in 2030. China's space agency renewed its promises to launch future Mars exploration missions — including a mission to the Red Planet as early as next year. And if the country's recent space exploration missions are anything to go by, if it might just make it there. China's National Space Administration successfully landed a spacecraft on the far side of the Moon earlier this year, and even managed to sprout a couple of cotton seeds inside an enclosed container. But one step at a time. China's HX-1 — a six-wheeled lander slated for touchdown on Mars in 2021 — will explore the internal structure of the planet without grabbing a souvenir to bring back to Earth. It will however be a key step in China's future efforts to bring back samples from Mars by 2030. Getting there — retrieving samples or not — is far from easy to say the least. But considering the successes of China's recent lunar missions, it might not be as much of a stretch. READ MORE: China wants to launch to Mars next year — part of an ambitious plan to bring the first Martian soil samples back to Earth [Business Insider] More on China's lunar missions: Bad News: That Moon Plant Everybody Was Talking About Is Dead Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with SkyWay Technologies Co., who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. In March of 2017, the private spaceflight company SpaceX made history when they re-used a rocket booster on a second launch. All told, the company spent less than half of what they normally would on that component, and for the first time, the expensive hulk of metal didn’t burn up or go rusty after one use. These are impressive cost and waste reductions to the space transport industry, sure—but they could be better. In fact, even though rocket refining and recycling is improving drastically, these space companies acknowledge their exploration devices are still expensive and inefficient. And if the goal of improved, recyclable missions is to build a sustainable space industry, then shouldn’t the way we send the gear skywards be green, too? Even our latest rockets, for example, are still inefficient. For how hulking the structures are, they carry a tiny amount of cargo into space compared to their overall size. Only 4.5 percent of the weight on SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy was actual gear—and that’s a massive improvement from NASA’s Space Shuttles, which were only 1 percent cargo. All that essential, but not actually useful, extra weight jacks up the cost of a mission. Falcon Heavy launches cost $1.2 million USD per ton of payload. Again, that’s a crazy improvement from earlier missions, but that many zeros on a space mission mean these launches will stay out-of-reach for consumers or smaller companies. And then there is the environmental cost. These souped-up rockets use more fuel, and Falcon rockets rely on what’s basically kerosene and oxygen. Per launch, the carbon these missions spew isn’t that much. But if space flight frequency reaches the twice a month threshold that SpaceX is aiming for, experts think the overall carbon output could reach 4,400 tons a year. If every private space company chimes in with their own launch emissions, that number could climb dramatically. There are also all the potential atmospheric impacts that we don’t understand very well. Burning rocket fuel emits soot and a chemical called alumina, and scientists have started to study how these molecules break down our ozone layer, something we’ve been working hard to restore over several decades. To be fair, the research on the carbon emissions and pollutants from rocket launches is barely off the ground. Experts believe as the take offs become more frequent, it will be worth investing more time and money in understanding how their byproducts affect our atmosphere. If we know what the emissions might do before their quantity sky rockets (no pun intended), it would be easier to install meaningful legislation and force the industry to make more sustainable choices. These are the questions and possibilities we'll have to consider eventually, and the industry isn’t even at the scale so many entrepreneurs think it will eventually reach. But what if we replaced all those rockets with a different transport system? Say, an electric-powered space conveyor system? The concept was introduced by Anatoly Yunitskiy in 1987, at a meeting intended to crowdsource new ideas on how to make the space industry less rocket-based. And in the 30 years since, Yunitskiy has honed the idea with SkyWay Technologies. Called the Global Planetary Vehicle, this electric-powered transport system would take cargo into the stratosphere on a track. As it completes a circuit around earth, the GPV can drop off supplies at each industry station that’s operating in our stratosphere. When complete, the track will deliver supplies up to 100 times a year, with cargo costs sitting around $1,000 USD per ton. Why haul all these materials out to space? It's not all just for exploration—it's because there's a good chance of growing the manufacturing industry out in that dark, empty expanse. Researchers are already looking at the possibility of 3D printing organs, assembling fiber optic cables and building solar panels in low-orbit. The frigid and buoyant, zero-g conditions could facilitate all these projects and more. Additionally, manufacturing outside our atmosphere would mean any byproducts wouldn't get trapped within our planet, and wouldn't contribute to the earth-warming effects of expanding terrestrial industry. And seeing as the deadline to limit global warming is coming up quick, it might be worth considering what locations allow for less-harmful societal growth. Though all the engineering components are already commonly-used, completing all the necessary research, design and construction work will take about 20 years and $2 trillion dollars—or three years of the U.S. military budget. In fact, other engineering groups have been doing the math on similar projects called space elevators. The Tokyo-based construction group Obayashi plans to have their version built by 2050, and a research team also based in Japan began testing how elevators function in zero gravity in 2018. Nearby, a Chinese space launch group plans to have their rendition running by 2045. Of course, the specs on these elevators compared to Yunitskiy's GPV are slightly different. Most materials needed for the GPV are already commonly-used, while several space elevator designs are waiting on carbon nanotubes or other yet-to-be-named elements for their design. Additionally, space elevators are a simpler "there and back" system—the point of the GPV is that it can circle around the earth and deposit materials in several places. There are some similarities, however, in the way space debris—the flecks and chunks of disintegrated gear whipping through our atmosphere—could damage these space systems' infrastructure, though experts think this threat is manageable. And while there is a remote possibility a massive tether pulling into space would slow our earth's spin down a tiny amount, the bigger question might be: Is this project worthwhile,  seeing as we have so many other problems on earth to fix? That's a dilemma that's open for debate, but if the final product can take the place of all the rockets we’re preparing to launch for our space industry future, investing in a single, fossil fuel-free transport system seems worth the money. And besides, it won’t require any engineers to save a booster rocket from crashing into salt water. Share This Article 
A Chinese rover is currently exploring the far side of the Moon, and an official announced on Monday that the country's space program plans to launch three more lunar missions — with the goal of laying the groundwork for an international Moon base. "We hope that [the last of the planned missions] Chang'e-8 will help test some technologies, and do some exploring for the building of a joint lunar base shared by multiple countries," said the deputy head of China's space program, Wu Yanhua, during a press conference. The announcement doesn't come as a surprise to experts. International space expert Namrata Goswami predicted last month that China's latest lander was part of a roadmap to a research base on the Moon. "Significantly, China’s ambitions for the moon and outer space have only been growing, to include ambitions of a Chinese research base on the moon, as well as developing bioregenerative support systems to ensure that humans can settle and survive in lunar conditions," Goswami wrote in The Diplomat. Chinese officials are riding high on the success of Chang'e-4, the lander that touched down weeks ago. Chang'e-4 has already released a rover and succeeded for the first time in human history in germinating seeds on another world. The timeline to China's Moon base isn't clear, but the next steps are coming into focus. First its space program will send a lander called Chang'e-5 to the Moon later this year, which will collect samples and return to Earth. The results from Chang'e-5 and three follow-up missions, Wu said, will help solidify plans for a research base. Wu specifically highlighted whether it'll be possible to use lunar soil to 3D print habitable structures. READ MORE: China Unveils Follow-Up Lunar Exploration Missions [Xinhua] More on China’s Chang’e-4 lander: See China’s Lunar Rover Set Off Across the Far Side of the Moon Share This Article 
The world's premier particle accelerator, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), has an impressive circumference of 27 miles (43 kilometers). But its potential successor, the Future Circular Collider (FCC), described in a new study by the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN), would dwarf it — both physically, with a circumference of 62 miles (100 kilometers), and in terms of raw power, with 10 times the atom-smashing power. "It shows the community the principles and feasibility of the post-LHC Future Circular Collider," CERN accelerator physicist and study leader Michael Benedikt told Gizmodo. "It shows that there is a credible, coherent physical scenario for implementing a larger-scale project that could seamlessly continue high-energy physics." Like the LHC, the new particle accelerator's purpose would be to probe the mysteries of exotic particles like the Higgs boson, which CERN scientists using the LHC first observed in 2012 after physicists had speculated about its existence for decades. The FCC would use powerful rings of magnets to accelerate matter to mind-boggling speeds, then smash them into each other so that scientists could observe the collision. The goal, according to Gizmodo, would be to study poorly understood phenomena such as dark matter. Not everybody is on board with the idea of building a huge new particle accelerator. "We have to draw a line somewhere otherwise we end up with a collider that is so large that it goes around the equator," former U.K. chief scientific advisor David King told the BBC of the plans for the FCC. "And if it doesn't end there perhaps there will be a request for one that goes to the Moon and back." READ MORE: CERN Unveils Design for 62-Mile-Round Atom Smasher More Powerful Than the Large Hadron Collider [Gizmodo] More on particle accelerators: The Large Hadron Collider Just Shut Down Share This Article 
You can unlock a Tesla Model 3 by walking up to it with your phone in your pocket or by tapping a key card on the side of the car door. But there may be another way in: by exposing security flaws of the car's built-in computer. Or at least, that's what Tesla is officially investigating. According to Teslarati, Elon Musk's electric vehicle company is offering up a mid-range rear-wheel-drive Model 3 — valued at  roughly $33,000 USD — to anybody savvy enough to gain access without a legitimate key card or authenticated smartphone. Hackers will have three days as part of the "Pwn2Own" contest, held at the Vancouver-based CanSec West security conference in March. Tesla will provide the Model 3. Tesla launched its bug bounty program, which is essentially a way to reward hackers for exposing security flaws, back in 2014. According to bugcrowd.com — a crowdsourced security platform that Tesla uses — hackers have to disclose the exact vulnerability they found related to Tesla's vehicles. The company will pay rewards ranging from $100 to $15,000 depending on the severity. Since the start of its bug bounty program, Tesla has introduced new security measures in response, adding cryptographic software validation to both its smartphone app and key fobs. It's a win-win for one of the most successful EV manufacturers: make their cars secure, while also creating some more hype for the best-selling luxury car in the U.S. in 2018. READ MORE: Tesla is giving away a Model 3 in Pwn2Own hacking contest [Teslarati] More on the Model 3: Tesla Just Dropped “Full Self-Driving” Mode From the Model 3 Share This Article 
Local news coverage is suffering as publications covering their communities struggle to make ends meet. Part of the problem is that it's hard to for local publishers to attract and monetize enough pageviews in a cutthroat digital news marketplace — a problem that giant platforms like Facebook have exacerbated. Now, Facebook is set to invest $300 million in local news projects, according to a Facebook blog post published on Tuesday. "People want more local news, and local newsrooms are looking for more support," Campbell Brown, Facebook's Vice President for global news partnerships, wrote in the post. Facebook says it will invest the $300 million over the course of three years, but the company's blog post only included information on how the first $36 million will be spent. Many of the investments are set to go to organizations that place journalists in local newsrooms, such as Report for America, which is set to receive a $2 million investment that Facebook says will allow it to fund 1,000 journalists' salaries. Other investments are going toward groups like the Pulitzer Center, which will get $5 million to fund at least a dozen investigative reporting projects at the community level. Facebook's investment in local news is a good sign for the future of media — journalists have been mourning local news coverage for years, and revitalizing the country's local newsrooms is an essential step for developing and protecting a functional media that can not only inform the public but serve as a watchdog against the powerful. But that doesn't mean Facebook is suddenly a benevolent force for the media. The company has spent the last few years causing and glossing over media scandal after media scandal, whether it was failing to detect and block the many bot-driven Facebook accounts that shared propaganda in hopes of influencing political elections or Facebook's failure to keep its platform from facilitating genocide in Myanmar. Facebook's investments in local news stand to do a lot of good for the world, assuming that the money is a gift and not a way for Facebook to influence news coverage. But even then, better and more comprehensive news coverage is a treatment, not a cure for problems with the media landscape that often seem to originate from Facebook itself. READ MORE: Facebook to invest $300 million in local journalism [Phys.org] More on Facebook: Facebook Wants To Make Its News More Credible With New Hires And Partnerships Share This Article 
For the first time in history, humans have grown something on the surface of the Moon. When China's Chang'e-4 lander left on its journey to the far side of the Moon — the less-studied, mountainous half that faces away from the Earth — it brought along seeds and other Earth-based species including fruit flies and yeast in a sealed growing container. Now its cotton seeds have officially sprouted, Chinese news site Xinhua reports. It's a historic moment: it's the first biological experiment of any kind on the surface of another world. First in human history: A cotton seed brought to the moon by China's Chang'e 4 probe has sprouted, the latest test photo has shown, marking the completion of humankind's first biological experiment on the moon pic.twitter.com/CSSbgEoZmC — People's Daily, China (@PDChina) January 15, 2019  Earthling scientists have grown plenty of things in outer space — experiments aboard the International Space Station, for instance, have managed to root zucchini plants. The experiment on the Moon is being carried out by researchers and students at Chongqing University in central China. An identical control experiment back on Earth has seen a lot more growth so far, GB Times reports. The canister was fully sealed to protect the seeds from radiation and extreme temperatures, the South China Morning Post reports. But it did allow in light for photosynthesis — it even generated some oxygen for the fruit flies that were also placed inside the container. Chang’e-4 launched on Dec. 7 to explore the differences between the far and near side of the Moon in terms of their mineral composition and structure. But its biological experiments could lay the groundwork for future missions to the Moon or even colonization — and redefine the way we look at our closest neighbor. READ MORE: China’s lunar lander successfully sprouts cotton on the Moon [The Verge] More on China's Chang'e-4 lander: See China’s Lunar Rover Set Off Across the Far Side of the Moon Share This Article 
Greece is made up of thousands of islands, hundreds of them inhabited. That makes building a reliable electric grid in the European country a major challenge. But advanced energy storage and solar panel technology could make it a lot easier to ensure that every Greek citizen has a dependable source of energy — especially with the help of Elon Musk's electric vehicle and infrastructure company Tesla, which has reportedly met with the Greek Minister of Environment and Energy George Stathakis to discuss ways Greece could use its Powerpack technology. Greece wouldn't be the first island nation to benefit from Tesla's tech. Tesla installed a Powerpack system on the island of Ta'u in American Samoa in 2016, and helped bring power back to Puerto Rico last year. In a statement issued to the Greek newspaper Capital, the Ministry of Environment said that a partnership with Tesla could "prove to be extremely beneficial" in creating "smart energy islands," according to Google Translate. Tesla and the Greek government, according to Electrek, are planning to set up a pilot project on Limnos, the eighth largest island in Greece. They chose Limnos thanks to its relatively small size and low electricity demand in the summer, Greek energy portal Energy Pass reports. The idea is for a large solar farm to generate energy, which will be stored in a Tesla Powerpack facility. Moving away from non-renewable energy sources like diesel is a good thing. Besides, collecting solar energy in a sunny place like Greece is a no-brainer. READ MORE: Tesla proposes microgrids with solar and batteries to power Greek islands [Electrek] More on Tesla's Powerpack: Tesla Announced New Power Restoration Projects in Puerto Rico Editor's note Jan 15, 2019 at 9:50 PM ET: The subhead of this story has been updated to reflect that the pilot project has not started. Share This Article 
Japan's iconic Henn-na — literally "Strange" ­— hotel has decommissioned half of the 243 robots it once used to handle everyday operations. Since opening in 2015, the hotel has raised publicity by "employing" hundreds of bizarre robots that ranged from bizarre-but-helpful-I-guess to downright annoying, according to The Wall Street Journal. The robot helpers made for a fun gimmick, but weren't quite ready for the big leagues — a blow not just to dreams of an automated world, but to Japan's pop-culture image as a leader in the space. Some of the problems stem from creative ideas that didn't pan out, like a robot velociraptor that staffed the check-in desk. Others came from an inability to keep up with the breakneck pace of assistive technology, like how Churi, the personal assistant robot found in each room, could handle basic tasks but pales in comparison to the personal assistant that comes standard with any new smartphone. In case after case, these robots proved too annoying or broke down too often to be worth the trouble, according to the WSJ. The velociraptor couldn't handle foreign guests, for instance; human employees had to come over to photocopy their passports. Churi could change a room's temperature and respond to basic small talk, but couldn't answer any questions about the area or other attractions. Meawhile, Henn-na Hotel's management was so confident in the robots' abilities that they didn't equip rooms with phones. Later on, management made up for Churi's limitations with the cutting-edge solution of placing a human employee at the front desk to answer questions. Meanwhile, Churi would reportedly wake up guests again and again after mistaking their snoring for a question that the robot couldn't quite understand. So what if Henn-na Hotel's robotic luggage shuttles get in each other's way and can only access about a quarter of the hotel's rooms without breaking down? The ubiquitous presence of these robots, even the immobilized bot who forever sits at the piano without ever playing a note, gives the hotel a retro-futuristic vibe, sort of like how the Jetsons had an autonomous robot maid but still gathered around a tiny television set. In the future, Henn-na Hotel plans to adopt robotic technology that's more similar to the advances we see elsewhere, like facial recognition door locks, the WSJ reports. It won't be as charming, but it should work a little bit better. READ MORE: Robot Hotel Loses Love for Robots [Wall Street Journal] More on robotic limitations: You Have No Idea What Artificial Intelligence Really Does Share This Article 
Which electric SUV will rule them all? When Tesla released its Model X SUV back in 2015, the world got its first look at a consumer-level, seven-passenger vehicle that relied only on electric power — albeit at a premium price. But just three short years later, the market is looking a lot more competitive. General Motors (GM) just gave us a first look with a luxury division Cadillac SUV that looks like a direct response to the Model X. The automaker debuted the as-yet-unnamed vehicle, which will be the brand's first EV ever, at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. Cadillac didn't have a physical unit on the showroom floor and didn't announce key details like price or a possible release date. But it did share some info. It shared an image, and said that the SUV will be the first vehicle based on GM's upcoming EV platform called "BEV3." GM is hoping the platform will make it easier to bring future electric vehicles to market since it's "flexible, allowing the company to respond quickly to customer preferences with a relatively short design and development lead time," according to Cadillac's press release. GM is far from the only player in the electric SUV field. Brands like German stalwart automaker Audi and American EV startup Rivian have announced their own Model X competitors recently. Despite all the hype, the sales of electric SUVs are still dwarfed by sales for their gas-guzzling counterparts — Tesla only sold 13,190 Model Xs in Q3 of last year, while sales for brands like Toyota and Nissan are in the hundreds of thousands over a whole year. But in all likelihood, the market is only just starting to charge up. READ MORE: Cadillac drops teaser pics of its first electric vehicle [Engadget] More on electric trucks: Watch Out Tesla: Rivian's Electric Truck Will Drop in 2020 Share This Article 
In a new interview with the Israeli newspaper Haaretz, the chair of Harvard University's Astronomy Department Avi Loeb defended his controversial hypothesis that the interstellar object known as 'Oumuamua could be an alien probe — and speculated at length about the place of humanity in the cosmos. "As soon as we leave the solar system, I believe we will see a great deal of traffic out there," he told Haaretz. "Possibly we’ll get a message that says, 'Welcome to the interstellar club.' Or we’ll discover multiple dead civilizations — that is, we’ll find their remains." After astronomers first spotted the object later dubbed 'Oumuamua — a Hawaiian word that means "messenger sent from the distant past to reach out to us" — Loeb and a colleague speculated that a hypothetical propulsion device called a solar sail could explain its odd trajectory. Another odd finding was that the object's brightness from reflected sunlight changed by a factor of ten as it spun, implying that it could be a cigar- or pancake-shaped object tumbling through space — an extremely unusual geometry for naturally-occurring asteroids. An attempt to listen for radio signals from the mysterious object came up dry, but Loeb told Haaretz that he stands by the possibility that the probe is of intelligent origin. "We have no way of knowing whether it’s active technology, or a spaceship that is no longer operative and is continuing to float in space," Loeb told Haaretz. "But if Oumuamua was created together with a whole population of similar objects that were launched randomly, the fact that we discovered it means that its creators launched a quadrillion probes like it to every star in the Milky Way." Loeb has embarked on a media blitz recently, giving a separate interview last week in which he predicted the impact on humanity of discovering an extraterrestrial civilization. In the interview with Haaretz, he suggested that the universe could be littered with alien societies and that Earthling scientists should focus on finding evidence of them. "Our approach should be an archaeological one," he said. "In the same way we dig in the ground to find cultures that no longer exist, we must dig in space in order to discover civilizations that existed outside the planet Earth." "The search for extraterrestrial life is not speculation," he added. "It’s a lot less speculative than the assumption that there is dark matter — invisible matter that constitutes 85 percent of the material in the universe." READ MORE: If True, This Could Be One of the Greatest Discoveries in Human History [Haaretz] More on alien life: Harvard Astronomer Predicts What First Alien Contact Will Be Like Share This Article 
Deeps in mines, at the bottom of lakes, and even in your own gut, bacteria are hard at work producing electricity in order to survive in environments low in oxygen. These potent little power producers have been used in speculative experiments and one day may power everything from batteries to "biohomes." There are many types of bacteria capable of producing electricity but some are better at it than others. The trouble with these bacteria is that they are difficult and expensive to grow in a lab setting, slowing down our ability to develop new technologies with them. A new technique developed by MIT engineers makes sorting and identifying electricity-producing bacteria easier than ever before which may make them more readily available for us in technological applications. Electricity-producing bacteria are able to pull off the trick by producing electrons within their cells and releasing them through tiny channels in their cell membranes in a process called extracellular electron transfer, or EET. Current processes for identifying the electricity producing capabilities of bacteria involved measuring the activity of EET proteins but this is a daunting and time consuming process. Researchers sometimes use a process called dielectrophoresis to separate two kinds of bacteria based on their electrical properties. They can use this process to differentiate between two different kinds of cells, such as cells from a frog and cells from a bird. But the MIT team's study separated cells based on a much more minute difference, their ability to produce electricity. By applying small voltages to bacteria strains in an hourglass-shaped microfluidic channel the team was able to separate and measure the different kinds of closely related cells. By noting the voltage required to manipulate bacteria and recording the cell's size researchers were able to calculate each bacteria's polarizability — how easy it is for a cell to produce electricity in an electric field. Their study concluded that bacteria with a higher polarizability were also more active electricity producers. Next the team will begin testing bacteria already thought to be strong candidates for future power production. If their observations on polarizability hold true for these other bacteria, this new technique could make electricity-producing bacteria more accessible than ever before. READ MORE: Technique identifies electricity-producing bacteria [MIT News] More on power-producing bacteria: Living Ink Solar Panels Could Power Small Devices Share This Article 
Avi Loeb, the chair of the Harvard Astronomy Department, has long been preoccupied with the question of whether humans are alone in the universe. He's speculated that fast radio bursts could be messages from extraterrestrials, theorized about alien megastrucutres, and suggested that an interstellar object that cruised through our solar system could be a probe from another civilization. Now, in a new interview with the German magazine Der Spiegel, Loeb opened up further about his thoughts about the hunt for alien life — and what First Contact would mean for human civilization. If humankind were contacted by aliens, Loeb said, it could be the one of the most extraordinary incidents in human history. "If you think about the history of humans, the perspective has changed as we have evolved — from a single individual to a family, a tribe, a country, and finally we even found other continents with people living there," he told Der Spiegel. "If we were now to find other beings beyond planet Earth, this would be the biggest step ever." What first contact would be like, Loeb said, is almost impossible to predict because of all the different ways that life could evolve outside of Earth. "I can't tell you what this moment will look like," he said. "But it will be shocking. Because we are biased by our own experiences. We imagine other beings to be similar to us. But maybe they are radically different." But when Der Spiegel asked Loeb what he favorite fictional alien was, he demurred. "To be honest, I don't like science fiction personally," he told the magazine. "I have a problem when the action in a movie violates the laws of physics. In those cases, I cannot enjoy the experience aesthetically." READ MORE: 'Thinking About Distant Civilizations Isn't Speculative' [Der Spiegel] More on alien life: Astronomers Are Gearing Up to Listen for Evidence of Aliens from a Mysterious Interstellar Object Share This Article 
Authorities in Denmark plan to build nine artificial islands off the coast of Copenhagen with a total area of more than 32 million square feet (3 million square meters.) The hope is that the new islands, which will be called "Holmene," will become a futuristic hub for sustainable business and commerce. "I think this could become a sort of European Silicon Valley," said Brian Mikkelsen, the head of the Danish chamber of commerce, in an interview with The Guardian. The artificial islands will be built with surplus soil from construction projects in the area — a flabbergasting 900 million cubic feet (26 million cubic meters) of material, according to New Atlas. The vast undertaking is scheduled to kick off in 2022, with the first island being operational in about six years. On the current schedule, the entire project will be completed around 2040. The project will be built with reefs and islets to support wildlife, along with wind turbines for power generation. Architectural consultant Arne Cermak Nielsen, who's working on the project with firm Urban Power, told New Atlas that "the islands can be thematically developed, leaving the best conditions for the innovative industry and research within green tech, bio tech, life science and future yet unknown sectors. The quality of being by the water should not be underestimated, and the shores of the islands and the delta that emerge between them has a unique potential." READ MORE: Denmark embarks on ambitious plan to create new islands off Copenhagen coast [New Atlas] More on artificial islands: China Just Released a Vessel That Creates Artificial Islands Share This Article 
A new research project aims to harness the power of quantum computers to build a new type of neural network — work the researchers say could usher in the next generation of artificial intelligence. "My colleagues and I instead hope to build the first dedicated neural network computer, using the latest 'quantum' technology rather than AI software," wrote Michael Hartmann, a professor at Heriot-Watt University who's leading the research, in a new essay for The Conversation. "By combining these two branches of computing, we hope to produce a breakthrough which leads to AI that operates at unprecedented speed, automatically making very complex decisions in a very short time." A neural network is a type of machine learning algorithm loosely modeled on a biological brain, which learns from examples in order to deal with new inputs. Quantum computers take advantage of subatomic particles that can exist in more than one state at a time to circumvent the limitations of old-fashioned binary computers. By combining the two, Hartmann believes, his team will be able to jump-start a new era in AI research that could manage extraordinarily complex problems like directing traffic flow for an entire city in real-time. To date, quantum computers have struggled to solve problems that are a piece of cake for classical computers. But if they start to pull ahead, Hartmann and his team want to be prepared to leverage them for the next epoch of AI systems. "To put the technology to its full use will involve creating larger devices, a process that may take ten years or more as many technical details need to be very precisely controlled to avoid computational errors," Hartmann wrote. "But once we have shown that quantum neural networks can be more powerful than classical AI software in a real world application, it would very quickly become some of the most important technology out there." READ MORE: Quantum computer: we’re planning to create one that acts like a brain [The Conversation] More on quantum computers: IBM Just Unveiled Its First Commercial Quantum Computer Share This Article 
The Pentagon's emerging technologies unit put out a call last week for proposals that use insect brains to control robots — because they could be used to create efficient new models for artificial intelligence, but also because they could be used to explore the meaning of consciousness. "Nature has forced on these small insects drastic miniaturization and energy efficiency, some having only a few hundred neurons in a compact form-factor, while maintaining basic functionality," reads a document in the proposal. "Furthermore, these organisms are possibly able to display increased subjectivity of experience." It goes on to say that there's evidence suggesting that "even small insects have subjective experiences, the first step towards a concept of 'consciousness.'" The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is famed for funding projects that led to the early internet. But it's also a well-funded research arm for the U.S. military — and one of its key areas of interest, according to a riveting Atlantic feature this past autumn, is to create brain-computer interfaces that can "program soldiers' brains." The feature suggested broad interest at DARPA in technologies that bridge the gap between computers and the brains of humans and animals. "They could inject memory using the precise neural codes for certain skills," Justin Sanchez, who directs work at DARPA about research on healing the mind and body, told the magazine about a project that had transplanted memories into the brains of rats. "If I know the neural codes in one individual, could I give that neural code to another person? I think you could." DARPA is offering $1 million to the company it awards the insect brain proposal to. First the winning bidder will need to complete a feasibility study on mapping an insect's central intelligence system. Then it will need to create a "proof of concept" platform that uses the insect brain architecture to create "more capable AI hardware." It sounds like a long shot — at least for now. But it's another sign that DARPA is deeply interested in the mysteries of cognition and consciousness. READ MORE: DARPA Wants to Turn Insect Brains into Robot Brains [Popular Science] More on insect brains: A New Brain-Interface Device Lets You Control Animals With Your Thoughts Share This Article 
Spacetech venture SpaceX said Friday that it plans to lay off 10 percent of its workforce — an eyebrow-raising move for a company emerging from a record-shattering year. "To continue delivering for our customers and to succeed in developing interplanetary spacecraft and a global space-based Internet, SpaceX must become a leaner company," a company spokesperson said in a statement that called the layoffs a "strategic realignment." Space News reports that the layoffs are the first major workforce reduction since the company was founded in 2002, though it did fire a number of workers in 2014. This time, SpaceX is blaming the layoffs on an ambitious slate of projects. "To continue delivering for our customers and to succeed in developing interplanetary spacecraft and a global space-based Internet, SpaceX must become a leaner company," the company said, in reference to its Starship, Super Heavy, and Starlink constellation projects. “Either of these developments, even when attempted separately, have bankrupted other organizations." The move comes just a day after CEO Elon Musk showed off the company's recently-assembled Starship space vehicle, and a month before the company plans to test its  commercial crew launch vehicle in preparation for launching humans to the International Space Station. But so far, the enigmatic CEO has yet to tweet about the layoffs. READ MORE: SpaceX cutting 10 percent of its staff to become a leaner company [Ars Technica] More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk Wanders Tesla Factory, Firing Workers in Wild Mood Swings Share This Article 
For the first time, astronomers have spotted the ultra-dense core of a star in its explosive death throes — and it might be turning into a new black hole. On June 17, scientists at the Keck Observatory in Hawaii spotted an incredibly-bright stellar explosion, many times brighter than a supernova, that they nicknamed "the Cow." Now, further study has revealed that the Cow resulted in either an ultra-dense neutron star or a brand-new black hole — and in either case, spotting the cosmic event is a world first for Earthling scientists. According to Keck Observatory astronomers who spoke to The Verge about their work, which will soon be published in Astrophysical Journal, the massive explosion is a sign that a massive, dying star cast away its outer layers to leave behind a massive, dense core. Regardless of whether it's a black hole or neutron star, the Keck astronomers hope to measure how the new object grows, rotates, and changes over time. "We’ve seen isolated neutron stars, neutron stars crashing into each other, and we’ve seen material falling into black holes," physicist Duncan Brown, who didn't work on the Keck research, told The Verge. "This observation could very well be these things being born. That’s pretty cool." READ MORE: For the first time, astronomers see the signatures of a newly birthed black hole or neutron star [The Verge] More on stellar births: Ultra-Detailed New Image of Nearby Galaxy Shows Stars Being Born Share This Article 
It's been just over a year since the U.S. Defense Department officially declassified two videos that showed an encounter between two Navy F/A-18F fighter jets and an unidentified flying object (UFO). Now, former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) — a longtime proponent of UFO research — is calling on Congress to review reports like the Navy encounter, which the Defense Department has collected for years as part of a program dubbed "Black Money." "I personally don't know if there exist little green men," Reid told KNPR. "I kind of doubt that, but I do believe the information we have indicates we should do a lot more study." The interview took place, Reid said, just before a scheduled call with a Senator to discuss ways for Congress to listen to the Black Money reports. But also to take them seriously. "What we found in the past is that these pilots, when they see something strange like this, they’re prone not to report it for fear that the bosses will think something’s wrong with them, and they don’t get the promotion,” Reid told KNPR. “So, many, many times they don’t say a word to anybody about these strange things." After all, one of the biggest reasons these sightings never actually surfaced or reported by service members is the stigma surrounding the subject of aliens and UFOs. Reid may have retired back in 2017, but he still has powerful connections inside Congress. Service members deserve, he believes, to have their voices heard. "Frankly, I think the federal government has done almost nothing to help us with this," Reid said. READ MORE: Harry Reid pushing for more UFO research [Roll Call] More on UFOs: You’re Not Crazy if You Believe in UFOs. Let’s Discuss in Scientific Terms. Share This Article 
IBM recently unveiled a new artificial intelligence system that can craft lengthy, persuasive arguments during a debate. The company unveiled the system, called "Project Debater – Speech by Crowd," during the tech showcase CES earlier this week. At the show, it presented arguments both for and against making gambling illegal. It later did the same for the idea of developing autonomous cars. Though it can't come up with its own opinions on topics like gambling or social media, the system could become an important step along the way to AI that thinks and communicates how we do. Project Debater does little writing of its own — the AI system's core strength comes from categorizing and analyzing the arguments fed into it by humans. For instance, Project Debater would recognize that the statement "Social media enables us to keep in touch with long lost friends and family" as an argument that social media is good that pertains to the topic of communication. The algorithm scans short human-written arguments on a potential debate topic for specific keywords and language, according to a YouTube video published by IBM. Then it groups those arguments by topic, determines whether they're for or against the proposal, and organizes a speech based on the arguments it analyzed. That's not to say that IBM built a computer that has thoughts and opinions of its own — the tool is more of a compiler and language processor. But that doesn't make it any less impressive. Language is notoriously difficult for AI to grapple with. Sure, any internet-connected device can run words against a dictionary, but a phrase's context, nuance, and sarcasm constantly sail over even our best machines' heads. And if IBM's project can produce coherent arguments, it's already ahead of practically everyone on Twitter. READ MORE: Behind the Scenes of Project Debater – Speech by Crowd at CES: Part One [IBM Newsroom] More on IBM: IBM Just Unveiled Its First Commercial Quantum Computer Share This Article 
Chinese moon lander Chang'e-4 and its companion rover Yutu 2 just took photos of each other while basking in sunlight on the far side of the Moon, which faces away from the Earth. After touching down just over a week ago, the lander has now sent back several new pictures, including a stunning 360 degree panorama of its surroundings. The Yutu 2 rover, and the tracks it left as it made its way across the lunar surface, can be seen in the bottom left. The lander also sent back a video stitched together from more than 4,700 static images taken by the on-board camera. The video shows Chang'e-4 adjusting its trajectory right before landing on the lunar surface below. All that information had to go through a specially deployed relay satellite, since the Moon itself blocks direct signals to Earth from its far side. The Chang'e-4 launched on December 7 to explore the far side of the Moon and investigate how its mineral composition and structure compare to the much better-known near side. It’s also carrying a tiny biosphere containing a number of Earth-based species including potato plants and fruit flies. China's Lunar and Deep Space Exploration organization claims the mission "was a complete success" according to an update on its website published today, as interpreted by Google Translate. Now, the engineers working on the project are handing the reigns to the scientific exploration team, according to the update. And we can't wait to find out what they'll be able to learn from studying the far side of the Moon in the upcoming months. READ MORE: China Moon probes take snaps of each other [BBC] More on Chang'e-4: See China’s Lunar Rover Set Off Across the Far Side of the Moon Share This Article 
What does an autonomous delivery bot do when it encounters a set of stairs in its path? Automotive corporation Continental teamed up with startup ANYbotics to combine the mobility of a four-legged, Boston Dynamics-style robot dog with an autonomous delivery vehicle. The result, which it showed off in a live demo at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this week, comes across either as a "Black Mirror" episode — or a vision of the future of delivery. The concept is an unusual one: an autonomous vehicle pulls up to an address and spits out one or more (the press release isn't entirely clear) smaller quadripedal robot dogs, which ANYbotics calls "ANYmals," to complete the delivery. During a live demo, the robot dogs climbed stairs and even rang a doorbell. The idea is to find a solution for "urban 'first or last mile' mobility" to extend delivery "right to your doorstep," according to a Continental press release. The company says deliveries could be made around the clock, even when "many people are working, at school or otherwise occupied." This tech is probably still many years out. We haven't even figured out if we're willing to share public sidewalks with tiny wheeled delivery vehicles yet. One such delivery vehicle even burst into flames in California last month. Companies like Boston Dynamics have made major strides in four-legged robots that can complete a range of tasks, from climbing steep hills, to mapping complex environments. If those types of advancements can be used to drop off meals or parcels, it could revolutionize the delivery industry. READ MORE: Robot dogs are the weirdest package delivery system we’ve seen [The Verge] More on autonomous delivery vehicles: US Grocer Kroger Has Begun Making Autonomous Deliveries Share This Article 
An upcoming Tesla Roadster will literally hover off the ground using SpaceX thrusters — at least according to a tweet from CEO Elon Musk, who is known for sometimes-erratic behavior on social media. In a reply yesterday to a tweet that showed a hovering DeLorean — a likely nod to the film "Back to the Future" — Musk teased that "the new Roadster will actually do something like this." Celebrity YouTuber Marques Brownlee asked on Twitter whether Musk was joking. "I’m not," he replied. "Will use SpaceX cold gas thruster system with ultra high pressure air in a composite over-wrapped pressure vessel in place of the 2 rear seats." We've actually heard about Tesla's plans to add thrusters to the Roadster before. The idea surfaced in June of last year, when Elon Musk assured interested buyers that the idea was very real, and that Tesla was serious about adding it. So besides purportedly hovering in mid-air, what's the point of a sophisticated rocket-science thruster system replacing the back seats of a supercar? Rocket thrusters containing ultra high-pressure air could add a ton of forward thrust to the already peppy Roadster. The "SpaceX package," as Musk refers to it, could draw energy from the massive 200 kWh battery pack as well. It might add substantial weight if it were to replace the backseats. And you wouldn't be able to lug your kids around in it. At face value, the idea of a hovering Tesla is outrageous. Fred Lambert, a close Tesla watcher at Electrek, provided a reality check. "Well, that’s just crazy," Lambert wrote. "To be fair, he said 'something like' this, but anything even remotely close to this still means that we are talking about the vehicle at least lifting off the ground, which again is crazy." At the same time, he mused, "Musk is generally not kidding when it comes to new Tesla features — unless we are talking about the timing of the release of said features." It's also worth noting that Musk often makes predictions and promises about the future, and they're not always accurate. Remember that underwhelming tunnel the Boring Company dug last year? And that's without getting into possibly insurmountable regulatory hurdles. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration would likely raise concerns, for one — though it has approved a road-legal flying car in the past. There are also lots of aircraft laws enforced by the Federal Aviation Administration. And those could certainly apply to this thruster-Tesla. The more likely explanation: Tesla is considering thrusters, but just to give the Roadster's acceleration an additional edge, not to literally hover. And even if they did build a proof of concept, it's hard to imagine the vehicle going to mass market — maybe it'll be a limited edition, like the Boring Company's flamethrower. And then there are the limitations of the human body: "you can basically accelerate at the limit of human endurance," Musk said of the plan on Twitter. There's good reason to be skeptical of Musk's plans for the Roadster. But then again, he managed to send one to space. READ MORE: Tesla Roadster is going to be able to hover over the ground, says Elon Musk [Electrek] More on the Roadster: Elon Musk Reveals New Details About Tesla Roadster Share This Article 
The galactic nuclei known as quasars are unfathomably bright celestial objects powered by supermassive black holes. Now, astronomers using some of the most advanced terrestrial and space telescopes in existence think they've discovered the brightest quasar ever observed in the early universe — one that shines with the power of 600 trillion Suns.  "We don’t expect to find many quasars brighter than that in the whole observable universe," lead investigator Xiaohui Fan, a professor of astronomy at the University of Arizona, said in a news release. The new quasar is a distant 12.8 billion light-years away, and the team spotted it using equipment including the Keck Observatory, the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope, and the Hubble. Fan and his collaborators were only able to detect the quasar, they said, because a galaxy came between it and the Earth — meaning that an effect called gravitational lensing could magnify its light substantially. The discovery of the quasar — which has the long-winded name J043947.08+163415.7 — isn't just notable because of its epic light projection. It's also a big deal because it provides a window into how huge black holes affected star formation during the early universe. Additionally, it confirms a suspicion long held by astrophysicists and could help guide future research. "This detection is a surprising and major discovery; for decades we thought that these lensed quasars in the early universe should be very common, but this is the first of its kind that we have found," said Fabio Pacucci, a postdoctoral associate at Yale University who helped discover the new quasar. "It gives us a clue on how to search for ‘phantom quasars’ — sources that are out there, but cannot be really detected yet." READ MORE: Keck: Astronomers Uncover Brightest Quasar in Early Universe [Keck Observatory] More on quasars: Meet One of the Most Powerful Quasars in the Known Universe Editor’s Note 1/9 at 8:50 PM ET: This article has been updated to correct an error about how far away the quasar was located. Share This Article 
If tech experts are to be believed, artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to transform the world. But those same experts don't agree on what kind of effect that transformation will have on the average person. Some believe that humans will be much better off in the hands of advanced AI systems, while others think it will lead to our inevitable downfall. How could a single technology evoke such vastly different responses from people within the tech community? Artificial intelligence is software built to learn or problem solve — processes typically performed in the human brain. Digital assistants like Amazon's Alexa and Apple's Siri , along with Tesla's Autopilot, are all powered by AI. Some forms of AI can even create visual art or write songs. There's little question that AI has the potential to be revolutionary. Automation could transform the way we work by replacing humans with machines and software. Further developments in the area of self-driving cars are poised to make driving a thing of the past. Artificially intelligent shopping assistants could even change the way we shop. Humans have always controlled these aspects of our lives, so it makes sense to be a bit wary of letting an artificial system take over. AI is fast becoming a major economic force. According to a paper from the McKinsey Global Institute Study reported by Forbes, in 2016 alone, between $8 billion and $12 billion was invested in the development of AI worldwide. A report from analysts with Goldstein Research predicts that, by 2023, AI will be a $14 billion industry. KR Sanjiv, chief technology officer at Wipro, believes that companies in fields as disparate as healthcare and finance are investing so much in AI so quickly because they fear being left behind. "So as with all things strange and new, the prevailing wisdom is that the risk of being left behind is far greater, and far grimmer, than the benefits of playing it safe," he wrote in an op-ed published in Tech Crunch last year. Games provide a useful window into the increasing sophistication of AI. Case in point, developers such as Google's DeepMind and Elon Musk's OpenAI have been using games to teach AI systems how to learn. So far, these systems have bested the world's greatest players of the ancient strategy game Go, and even more complex games like Super Smash Bros and DOTA 2. On the surface, these victories may sound incremental and minor — AI that can play Go can't navigate a self-driving car, after all. But on a deeper level, these developments are indicative of the more sophisticated AI systems of the future. Through these games, AI become capable of complex decision-making that could one day translate into real-world tasks. Software that can play infinitely complex games like Starcraft, could, with a lot more research and development, autonomously perform surgeries or process multi-step voice commands. When this happens, AI will become incredibly sophisticated. And this is where the worrying starts. Wariness surrounding powerful technological advances is not novel. Various science fiction stories, from The Matrix to I, Robot, have exploited viewers' anxiety around AI. Many such plots center around a concept called "the Singularity," the moment in which AIs become more intelligent than their human creators. The scenarios differ, but they often end with the total eradication of the human race, or with machine overlords subjugating people. Several world-renowned sciences and tech experts have been vocal about their fears of AI. Theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking famously worries that advanced AI will take over the world and end the human race. If robots become smarter than humans, his logic goes, the machines would be able to create unimaginable weapons and manipulate human leaders with ease. "It would take off on its own, and redesign itself at an ever-increasing rate," he told the BBC in 2014. "Humans, who are limited by slow biological evolution, couldn't compete, and would be superseded." Elon Musk, the futurist CEO of ventures such as Tesla and SpaceX, echoes those sentiments, calling AI "...a fundamental risk to the existence of human civilization," at the 2017 National Governors Association Summer Meeting. Neither Musk nor Hawking believe that developers should avoid the development of AI, but they agree that government regulation should ensure the tech does not go rogue. "Normally, the way regulations are set up is a whole bunch of bad things happen, there’s a public outcry, and after many years, a regulatory agency is set up to regulate that industry," Musk said during the same NGA talk. "it takes forever. That, in the past, has been bad, but not something which represented a fundamental risk to the existence of civilization." Hawking believes that a global governing body needs to regulate the development of AI to prevent a particular nation from becoming superior. Russian President Vladimir Putin recently stoked this fear at a meeting with Russian students in early September, when he said, "The one who becomes the leader in this sphere will be the ruler of the world." These comments further emboldened Musk's position — he tweeted that the race for AI superiority is the "most likely cause of WW3." Musk has taken steps to combat this perceived threat. He, along with startup guru Sam Altman, co-founded the non-profit OpenAI in order to guide AI development towards innovations that benefit all of humanity. According to the company's mission statement: "By being at the forefront of the field, we can influence the conditions under which AGI is created." Musk also founded a company called Neuralink intended to create a brain-computer interface. Linking the brain to a computer would, in theory, augment the brain's processing power to keep pace with AI systems. Other predictions are less optimistic. Seth Shostak, the senior astronomer at SETI believes that AI will succeed humans as the most intelligent entities on the planet. "The first generation [of AI] is just going to do what you tell them; however, by the third generation, then they will have their own agenda," Shostak said in an interview with Futurism. However, Shostak doesn't believe sophisticated AI will end up enslaving the human race — instead, he predicts, humans will simply become immaterial to these hyper-intelligent machines. Shostak thinks that these machines will exist on an intellectual plane so far above humans that, at worst, we will be nothing more than a tolerable nuisance. Not everyone believes the rise of AI will be detrimental to humans; some are convinced that the technology has the potential to make our lives better. "The so-called control problem that Elon is worried about isn't something that people should feel is imminent. We shouldn't panic about it," Microsoft founder and philanthropist Bill Gates recently told the Wall Street Journal. Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg went even further during a Facebook Live broadcast back in July, saying that Musk's comments were "pretty irresponsible." Zuckerberg is optimistic about what AI will enable us to accomplish and thinks that these unsubstantiated doomsday scenarios are nothing more than fear-mongering. Some experts predict that AI could enhance our humanity. In 2010, Swiss neuroscientist Pascal Kaufmann founded Starmind, a company that plans to use self-learning algorithms to create a "superorganism" made of thousands of experts' brains. "A lot of AI alarmists do not actually work in AI. [Their] fear goes back to that incorrect correlation between how computers work and how the brain functions," Kaufmann told Futurism. Kaufmann believes that this basic lack of understanding leads to predictions that may make good movies, but do not say anything about our future reality. "When we start comparing how the brain works to how computers work, we immediately go off track in tackling the principles of the brain," he said. "We must first understand the concepts of how the brain works and then we can apply that knowledge to AI development." Better understanding of our own brains would not only lead to AI sophisticated enough to rival human intelligence, but also to better brain-computer interfaces to enable a dialogue between the two. To Kaufmann, AI, like many technological advances that came before, isn't without risk. "There are dangers which come with the creation of such powerful and omniscient technology, just as there are dangers with anything that is powerful. This does not mean we should assume the worst and make potentially detrimental decisions now based on that fear," he said. Experts expressed similar concerns about quantum computers, and about lasers and nuclear weapons—applications for that technology can be both harmful and helpful. Predicting the future is a delicate game. We can only rely on our predictions of what we already have, and yet it's impossible to rule anything out. We don't yet know whether AI will usher in a golden age of human existence, or if it will all end in the destruction of everything humans cherish. What is clear, though, is that thanks to AI, the world of the future could bear little resemblance to the one we inhabit today. Share This Article 
The starting phase for all stars, including our Sun, begins when a dense region in a nebula begins to shrink and warm up. This is usually the result of one of several events that may occur to initiate the gravitational collapse of a molecular cloud. The means by which this occurs include galactic collisions or a devastating nearby supernova explosion sending ruptured matter into the clouds at very high speeds. Each of these stellar maternity wards can form anything from a few dozen to thousands of stars. To form a star like our Sun, which is 864,400 miles (1,391,000 kilometres) across, it would take a collection of gas and dust a hundred times the size of our solar system. This is just the beginning. Once such a large amount of gas and dust huddle together, they form what we call a protostar. An object is considered a protostar for as long as material is still falling inward. For our Sun, and stars of the same mass, the protostar phase would have ended after approximately 100,000 years. After this, the protostar stops growing and the disk of material surrounding it is destroyed by radiation. If the protostar was unsuccessful in acquiring enough mass, a brown dwarf will come into shape. These poor little guys are substellar objects that are unable to sustain hydrogen fusion reactions in their cores, due to their insufficient mass. Main sequence stars have no issue with this, to the envy of brown dwarfs. Putting it simply, a brown dwarf is too big to be called a planet, and too small to be called a star. Until 1995, they were only a theoretical concept. It is now thought, however, that there is a brown dwarf for every six stars. If the star is big enough to fuse hydrogen atoms into helium, it will enter the phase that our Sun is in, called the main sequence phase. A star will enjoy most of its life in the main sequence phase. At this point nuclear fusion is turning hydrogen into helium. The star is only stable because the light pressure of this energy balances out the star's gravitational collapse. Approximately nine out of ten stars in the universe are main sequence stars.  These stars can range from around a tenth of the mass of our Sun all the way up to 200 times as massive, and how long a star will stay in the main sequence phase depends on its size. A star with higher mass might have more material to play around with, but it will burn faster due to higher core temperatures caused by greater gravitational forces. A star the size of our Sun will spend about 10 billion years in this phase, but a star 10 times the size of our own will stick around for only 20 million years. After the main sequence phase, the star will become a red giant. A red giant is a dying star in one of the last stages of stellar evolution. In a few billion years’ time, our Sun will die and expand, gobbling up the inner planets, and maybe even the Earth (don't worry; we'll have died out a few billion years earlier. If we do manage to survive for another billion years, the temperature of the Earth's surface will become far too hot for us humans.) After stars stop converting hydrogen into helium via nuclear fusion, gravity will take over. It's all downhill from here, I'm afraid. Red giant stars reach sizes of 62 million to 621 million miles in diameter (100 million to 1 billion kilometres), 100 to 1,000 times the size of the sun today. The energy of the star is spread out across a larger area, like the pixels when one expands a raster graphic. Because of this, the star actually becomes cooler reaching only a little more than half the heat of the Sun. The temperature change causes stars to shine more towards the red part of the spectrum; it is this that gives a red giant its name. Where a star goes from this point depends on its size. Let's first go with the less violent option. Smaller stars, up to around eight times the mass of our sun, can become a white dwarf. These old stellar remnants are incredibly dense. A teaspoon of their matter would weigh as much on Earth as an elephant - that's 5.5 tons in one incredibly strong teaspoon. A white dwarf's radius is just .01 times that of our Sun, but the mass is about the same. Estimating how long a white dwarf has been cooling helps astronomers increase their understanding of how old the universe really is. After an unimaginable amount of time - tens or even hundreds of billions of years - a white dwarf will cool until it becomes a black dwarf, which are invisible because they are emitting at the same temperature as the microwave background. Because of the age of the universe and what we know about its oldest stars, there are no known black dwarfs. Alternatively, a star with at least eight solar masses will have a much more violent, yet much more beautiful, death. Massive stars can create a supernova when they run out of fuel. To them, it's better to go out with a bang than to fade away. When supernovae explode, they fling their guts into space at speeds of 9,000 to 25,000 miles per second. These blasts produce much of the material in the universe including some heavy elements such as iron, which help to make up both ourselves and our planet, so all of us carry the remnants of these explosions in our bodies. As Neil deGrasse Tyson puts it, "It is quite literally true that we are stardust." The cycle starts all over again, with a new generation of stars, and new stars are born from the stardust left behind in the same way. That doesn't mean it's the end of the road for what remains of the star. After the supernova explosion, the star's core is left behind in the form of either a black hole or a neutron star, both of which are incredibly destructive and violently beautiful. Neutron stars are hard to find and are very mysterious objects. They may only be about the size of a city, but don't let that fool you, these objects are not to be messed with. They are extremely dense: if one takes the mass of our sun, doubles it, and then shrinks it down to the size of Los Angeles, that's roughly how dense a neutron star is. A cubic metre of a neutron star would weigh just less than 400 billion tonnes. All of that density makes their surface gravity truly immense. Alternatively, what's left after the supernova can become a black hole. Black holes literally pull the space around them. They need to have a massive amount of mass in an incredibly small space to have the required gravity to pull in light. To put this into perspective, to make a black hole out of the Earth the entire planet would need to be squeezed down to the size of a pea! These mysterious and frightening objects can slow down time and rip you apart and nothing can escape the grasp of a black hole when it reaches its event horizon. Any matter that enters its path is never seen again. They're the playground bully of the universe, but unlike playground bullies, we might depend on them to live. Some researchers think black holes actually help create the elements because they break down matter into subatomic particles. These particles make up you and I, and everything around us. We owe the stars our lives. Whether it’s big or small, young or old, you can’t argue that stars are some of the most beautiful and poetic objects in all of creation. Next time you look up at the stars, remember, this is how they were all created and how they will die. Share This Article 
Most of us already know that darkness is the absence of light, and that light travels at the fastest speed possible for a physical object. So, what does this mean? In short, it means that, the moment that light leaves, darkness returns. In this respect, darkness has the same speed as light. However, in some instances, darkness actually moves faster than light. How is this possible? What is the highest possible speed of darkness? Find out in this new episode of Vsauce. The explanation will blow your mind. Share This Article 
There are various things we need for survival. Like water, food and energy. On the last point, our primary source of energy is the Sun, but our relationship with it can only be described as delicate. For instance, the Sun puts off energy in the form of heat. Too much of it — or conversely, not enough — would be detrimental to our existence. Thus, our planet has to be situated in just the right spot for life to be sustainable. Beyond that, how much do you really know about heat?  Heat — in our everyday language, in physics, specifically — really means internal energy, or the random motion of particles in matter. To put it more simply, the hotter the object, the more its particles move randomly. In physics, heat technically only refers to energy moving from a hotter object to a colder object. We know that heat always flows from an object that's hotter to one that's colder, but why can't it happen in reverse? A hot cup of coffee gets cold because it transfers heat to its surroundings. Why can't its surroundings transfer heat to the coffee to make it hot though?  The answer lies in the second law of thermodynamics, which states that the entropy — which, in a textbook, is typically described as disorder — of a system always increases. For example, your bedroom has the tendency to become more disordered with time (unless you clean it every single day, it will never remain clean). Now, when it comes to heat transfer, a more appropriate definition of entropy is the dispersion of energy. In simple terms, energy tends to scatter out to its environment. A hot cup of coffee, therefore, will scatter its internal energy to its environment until it gets cold (as a cool side-note, this phenomenon also says something important about quantum entanglement and the role it might play in the arrow of time). Now, we can finally ask the question: "How is heat transferred?" Importantly, at times it is desirable to control the heat transfer between two objects. For example, we want ice cream to cool down and soup to warm up. We also want to maximize heat transfer between our stove and our food. A great example of controlling heat transfer is a thermos (or a beverage bottle). The thermos helps regulate the temperature of the liquid inside of it because it minimizes heat transfer between the liquid and its surroundings. Now that that's out of the way, to answer the question, we must then know how heat is transferred.  Conduction is simply the flow of heat following physical contact. If you touch a hot flat iron, you will get burned (heat flows from a flat iron to your finger because they are in contact with each other). Different objects conduct heat differently; certain things conduct heat very well (like metals), and some do not (like plastic). When we touch an object to feel its temperature, what we feel is not the temperature of the object, but the temperature of our skin. To expand, when we touch a cold object, heat from our skin transfers as a result of conduction to the object, making our skin colder. Thus, we "feel" that the object is cold. This method of sensing temperature is not accurate since, as I said, different objects conduct heat differently. Convection is heat transfer due to motion of a fluid (liquid or gas). Hotter fluids become less dense and rise up, while colder fluids become more dense and go down. When we heat water in a pot, the water at the base of the pot will become hotter first. When this happens, the hotter water at the bottom will go up, replaced by the colder water above. This, in turn, will get hotter and then go up, replaced again by the water on top. This way, heat is transferred to all of the liquid in the pot evenly. Radiation is heat transferred by electromagnetic waves. These electromagnetic waves have energy, and when absorbed by the receiving object, they heat the object up (this is how the Sun heats up our planet, and how microwave ovens heat up our food). However, radiation is different from the other two methods because it doesn't require a medium for heat transfer between two separate objects. The technical name of a thermos is a vacuum flask (you will know the reason why, shortly). To keep your drinks hot or cold, it minimizes heat transfer due to conduction and radiation. Convection is not included because convection keeps the temperature in a liquid even. You don't want to drink something that is hot on the first gulp and gets colder and colder until the last one. A vacuum flask is nothing but a bottle inside a bottle separated by a vacuum. This is because with a vacuum surrounding the bottle, conduction is effectively minimized. There is nothing in contact with the bottle except the part that holds the inside bottle in place. But there is still a small bit of contact, which makes the inside bottle conduct heat to a small degree. If, however, you want to accelerate the process of cooling your drink down using a freezer (by speeding up the transfer of heat, instead of minimizing it), you have to surround your drink with something that conducts heat very well, like a wet paper towel, because water conducts heat much better than the air inside of a refrigerator. By doing this, heat transfer is not entirely eliminated because of radiation. Every object radiates heat to some degree (depending on how hot the object is). A hot liquid in the inside bottle will still radiate heat, or the outside bottle will still radiate heat toward the liquid inside the bottle. To minimize this, the surface is coated with silver. Silver prevents electromagnetic waves from passing, thus it keeps the radiation at bay (this is the principle used in Faraday cages). With these techniques, our drinks are kept hot or cold, thanks to a little understanding of heat transfer and the laws of thermodynamics! [su_divider top="no" text="Go back to top" size="2"]  Share This Article 
In 1977, the sound of extraterrestrials was heard by human ears for the first time — or so people at the time thought. The Wow! Signal was detected by astronomer Jerry Ehman using Ohio State University’s Big Ear radio telescope. It is a radio signal detector that, at the time, was pointed at a group of stars called Chi Sagittarii in the constellation Sagittarius. When scanning the skies around the stars, Ehman captured a 72 second burst of radio waves: He circled the reading and wrote "Wow!: next to it, hence the signal's name. Over the last 40 years, the signal has been cited as evidence that we are not alone in the galaxy. Experts and laypeople alike believed that, finally, we had evidence of alien life. However, Professor Antonio Paris, of St Petersburg College, has now discovered the explanation: A pair of comets. The work was published in the Journal of the Washington Academy of Sciences. These comets, known as  266P/Christensen and 335P/Gibbs, have clouds of hydrogen gas millions of kilometers in diameter surrounding them. The Wow! Signal was detected at 1420MHz, which is the radio frequency hydrogen naturally emits. Notably, the team has verified that the comets were within the vicinity at the time, and they report that the radio signals from 266/P Christensen matched those from the Wow! signal. While this discovery is a disappointment to alien enthusiasts everywhere, as the Wow! Signal is the strongest signal we have ever received from space, it is a testament to our ability to accurately interpret signals and sounds from the cosmos. This gives us hope in our attempt to decode the hundreds of "strange, alien" signals coming from other stars that have been observed recently. We have several weapons in our cosmic detection arsenal, most of which are used by the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence Institute (SETI). Their main means of detection is using radio-telescopes, and their most ambitious project to date has been 'Project Phoenix';  the "world's most sensitive and comprehensive search for extraterrestrial intelligence." For this project, they used three of world's biggest radio telescopes: the Parkes radio telescope in Australia (210 feet in diameter), the National Radio Astronomy Observatory in West Virginia (140 feet in diameter), and Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico (the world's largest at 1,000 feet in diameter). They have also built The Allen Telescope Array with financial backing from Paul Allen. While the technology for detecting alien messages is remaining relatively static, ideas for communicating better with our own satellites is advancing rapidly, with possibilities including communicating by a laser beam and establishing a space satellite network. Share This Article 
Roughly 13.75 billion years ago, our universe came into existence. Very shortly thereafter, primordial light started shooting across the cosmos and spreading throughout the early universe. At this juncture, the universe itself was also expanding. The inflation of the universe slowed after the first initial burst, but since then, the rate of expansion has been steadily increasing due to the influence of dark energy. Essentially, since its inception, the cosmos has been growing at an ever increasing rate. Cosmologists estimate that the oldest photons that we can observe have traveled a distance of 45-47 billion light-years since the Big Bang. That means that our observable universe is some 93 billion light-years wide (give or take a few light-years). These 93 some-odd billion light-years contain all of the quarks, quasars, stars, planets, nebulae, black holes…and everything else that we could possibly observe; however, the observable universe only contains the light that has had time to reach us. How can the universe be 93 billion light-years across if it is only 13.8 billion years old? Light hasn't had enough time to travel that far...? Ultimately, understanding this facet of physics is the key to understanding what lies beyond the edge of the observable universe and whether we could ever get there. To break this down, according to special relativity, objects that are close together cannot move faster than the speed of light with respect to one another; however, there is no such law for objects that are extremely distant from one another when the space between them is, itself, expanding. In short, it's not that objects are traveling faster than the speed of light, but that the space between objects is expanding, causing them to fly away from each other at amazing speeds. Ultimately, this means that we could only reach the edge of the observable universe if we develop a method of transport that allows us to either 1) Travel faster than the speed of light (something which most physicists think is impossible) 2) Transcend spacetime (by using wormholes or warp drive, which most physicists also think is impossible). According to the theory of cosmic inflation, the entire universe's size is at least 10^23 times larger than the size of the observable universe. That’s a lot of universe that we are missing. So, what *exactly* are we missing? What is outside the observable universe? Unfortunately, since we can’t see it or measure it, we don’t know what lies beyond the bounds of the observable universe. However, we have several theories regarding what exists in the great unknown. Despite its strangeness, this first idea is one of the easiest to digest. Astronomers think space outside of the observable universe might be an infinite expanse of what we see in the cosmos around us, distributed pretty much the same as it is in the observable universe. This seems logical. After all, it doesn't make sense that one section of the universe would be different than what we see around us. And honestly, who can envision a universe that has an end—a huge brick wall lurking at its edge? So, in some ways, infinity makes sense. But “infinity” means that, beyond the observable universe, you won't just find more planets and stars and other forms of material…you will eventually find every possible thing. Every. Possible. Thing. That means that, if this holds true and we follow it to its logical conclusion, somewhere out there, there is another person who is identical to you in every possible way, and there is also a you who is only slightly different from you in every possible way (one is an inch shorter; one got hit by a bus 5 years ago and died; one has a missing finger etc.). In fact, this "other you" may be reading this article right now; the only difference is that they just picked their nose while you didn’t (or did you?). This notion seems inconceivable. But then, infinity is rather inconceivable. Another theory deals with something called “dark flow.” In 2008, astronomers discovered something very strange and unexpected—galactic clusters were all streaming in the same direction at immense speed, over two million miles per hour. One possible cause: Massive structures outside the observable universe exerting gravitational influence. As for the structures themselves, they could be literally anything: Amazingly huge accumulations of matter and energy (on scales we can hardly imagine) or even bizarre warps in space-time that are funneling gravitational forces from other universes. We simply don’t know what these massive objects could be. Notably, recent analyses have claimed to debunk the dark flow model, but this debunking is still being disputed. Another option involves a universe of universes. Some believe that the whole of our universe could exist in a small “bubble” in the midst of a vast array of other bubbles. Theorists call this a “multiverse.” Interestingly, the idea asserts that these universes can come into contact with one another—gravity can flow between these parallel universes, and when they connect, a Big Bang like the one that created our universe may occur. These ideas are just a few of the more popular hypotheses. There are a lot more out there but Share This Article 
I unlock my iPhone. I stare blankly at the grayed-out Twitter icon on my Home Screen, but I open it anyway. "You've reached your limit on Twitter," a full-screen prompt informs me. Without thinking, I tap "Ignore Limit." Just 15 more minutes before I fall asleep. I spend too much time on my phone. Chances are, you do, too. And you probably know it's not all that good for you. Tech companies know it, too. That's why they're trying to help you cut back. This might seem strange. After all, tech companies benefit when you spend as much time as possible staring at ads, conversing with friends, and generally generating a crap-ton of personal data. Even so, both major smartphone manufacturers (Apple and Google) recently announced tools that are meant to help us control the amount of time we spend on our smartphones. They operate on the assumption that if you were aware of how much time you spent, you would do it less. Both tools break down the exact amount of time you spend in each app or app category (like "social media"), and letting you determine an allowance of time per day. Even Facebook and Instagram are jumping on board, rolling out tools to inform users on how much time they spend on their apps. Tech companies wouldn't threaten their bottom line for nothing — these new features are a response to a very real problem. According to a 2015 study, we check our phones on average 85 times a day. Multiple studies found that almost half of smartphone users (and there are billions of them worldwide) are glued to their screens for over five hours a day — that's almost a third of our waking life. The excessive time we spend staring at a tiny screen is taking a toll. For some, being without a phone can actually cause stress. Scientists even came up with a name for the fear of not being able to use our phones, or getting no signal (it's nomophobia). Distracted driving has caused a spike in U.S. traffic fatalities, and while experts believe that smartphones have had a lot to do with it, the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration hasn't officially attributed it to smartphone use yet. Smartphones are also keeping us awake at night, ruining the quality of our sleep. A Belgian study by the Institute of Labor Economics has even shown that smartphone use directly negatively impacts academic performance. In short: we're becoming a species of smartphone zombies. I know I spend too much time on my phone because I did a (rather unscientific) investigation. For seven days, I used a beta version of Apple's new Screen Time feature. I started off thinking an hour of social media a day was enough to budget myself. Boy, was I wrong. My own usage trends pretty much confirmed the statistics researchers reported in their studies: I spent at least four hours a day on my iPhone, mostly on social media apps like Reddit, Twitter, and Instagram. Over the course of the seven days, I only used the actual calling functions of my smartphone for three minutes, while I racked up more than 10 hours on social media. It's shocking to be confronted with those kind of numbers — nobody really likes to admit that they're whiling away that much time. The part that disturbed me the most? Whenever my iPhone prompted me to put my phone down, I ignored it. After just two days, it became enough of a nuisance for me to turn the feature off completely. I didn't change my smartphone use in any way whatsoever. I'm pretty sure the phone (and the people that made the apps and device itself) won, not me. So why did I — like most of us — have such a hard time controlling the amount of time we're on our phones? Scientists at the University of California refer to the "Power of the Like" to describe bursts of activity in the reward processing regions of the brain when adolescent test subjects viewed photos with many (compared to few) likes on Instagram. Even something as basic as an everyday social interaction is processed by the brain's reward system — and smartphones are very capable of reproducing a whole range of those on a screen. Whether or not our unhealthy smartphone habits should be referred to as an "addiction" is a matter of heated debate. Official definitions by the World Health Organization and the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-V) in the U.S. refer to physical and behavioral dependencies of someone who is "addicted." "To date, smartphone use has not led to mass accounts of severe mental dysfunction. So we’re unlikely to all be 'addicted' to our smartphones, as we often tell each other,"Andrew Campbell, a cyberpsychology expert at the University of Sydney, writes in an opinion piece. Instead, our affinity for screens is likely driven by "obsessive behavior" instead. But Campbell doesn't completely rule out the possibility of negative behavioral changes leading to an actual addiction. And since we don't have one definition for smartphone addiction (surveys often ask participants to rate themselves on the Smartphone Addiction Scale), it's probably safe to assume one will emerge in the near future. It's not yet clear whether time-limiting and usage information tools from the likes of Apple, Google, and Facebook will radically reduce the time we spend on our smartphones. It certainly didn't for me. "I think it's better than nothing," David Greenfield, assistant Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the University of Connecticut's School of Medicine, and founder of The Center for Internet and Technology Addiction, told Futurism. "I don't know that that alone will solve the problem, but I think it's a positive step in the sense that it acknowledges it's an issue." To Greenfield, that kind of acknowledgment may lead to schools or even entire cities setting limits on smartphone use. In fact, France is already a step ahead and has passed legislation to ban smartphones from schools. Greenfield offered some tips for how I (and, if you want, you) can reduce our smartphone screen time: With the right tools at our disposal, we might have a chance at breaking our smartphone habit. To do so, however, we might have to change how we interact with our devices every day. If my experience is any indication, the usage tools aren't going to get us there. But at least they're a step in the right direction. More on smartphone use: Google Is Investing in the Not-Quite-So-Smart Smartphone Market Share This Article 
We officially can no longer trust anything we see on the internet. From whole-body deep fakes to AI-based translation dubbing, technology is starting to distort reality — all with the help of machine learning. Case in point: researchers at NVIDIA have harnessed the power of a generative adversarial network (GAN) — a class of neural network — to generate some extremely realistic faces. The results are more impressive than anything we've seen before. Take a look below, bearing in mind that none of these faces are real. A GAN can iteratively generate images based on genuine photos it learns from. Then it evaluates the new images against the original. In this instance, the researchers taught a GAN a number of "styles" — faces modeled after subjects who were old, young, wearing glasses, or had different hair styles. The results are spectacular. Even small seemingly random details like freckles, skin pores or stubble are convincingly distributed in the images the project generated. The network even took a crack at generating fake pictures of cats. They didn't turn out quite as well. It's not the first time a GAN has been used to generate pictures of people. Last year, the same group of NVIDIA researchers created a neural-network-based image generator. But results were far less impressive: faces appear distorted and unnatural. The results are also of a much lower resolution. Neural networks are becoming incredibly good at faking human faces. Will we be able to tell them apart in the future? At this rate, they could become indistinguishable from reality. READ MORE: A Style-Based Generator Architecture for Generative Adversarial Networks [arXiv] More on neural network-generated faces: These People Never Existed. They Were Made by an AI. Share This Article 
When reading scientific articles (and many other articles on Futurism), you'll likely to come across the terms "hypothesis," "theory," " and "law." In the scientific community, these words have very specific definitions; however, once you get outside the scientific community, these definitions can be unclear, as the same terms are used differently in a colloquial context. This is a bit of a problem. People frequently try to discredit Charles Darwin's greatest work by saying that "evolution is just a hypothesis." — No, it's not. People frequently try to elevate the (totally absurd and non-scientific) simulation hypothesis by calling it "simulation theory." — Saying that reality might actually just be a giant computer simulation is definitely not a scientific theory. So, what does it mean when you call something a hypothesis, a theory, or a law? A hypothesis is a reasonable guess based on something that you observe in the natural world. And while hypotheses are proven and disproven all of the time, the fact that they are disproven shouldn't be read as a statement against them. In truth, hypotheses are the foundation of the scientific method. As a refresher, here's how the scientific method works: After making an observation and formulating a question, a scientist must create a hypothesis — a potential answer to the question. They then make a testable prediction, test this prediction (over and over and over), and analyze the data. Once this is done, they can then state whether or not their hypothesis was correct. Even then, a hypothesis needs to be tested and retested many times by many different experts before it is generally accepted in the scientific community as being true. Example: You observe that, upon waking up each morning, your trash is overturned and junk is spread around the yard. You form a hypothesis that raccoons are responsible. Through testing — maybe you stay up all night to watch for raccoons — the results will either support or refute your hypothesis. The above example illustrates why the simulation hypothesis is not science (and definitely not a scientific theory).  There's nothing to observe. There's nothing to test. Like the idea of God or an immortal soul, it is beyond the natural world and, so, beyond the realm of science. A scientific theory consists of one or more hypotheses that have been supported by repeated testing. Theories are one of the pinnacles of science and are widely accepted in the scientific community as being true. A theory must never be shown to be wrong; if it is, the theory is disproven. Theories can also evolve. This doesn't mean the old theory was wrong. It's just that new information was discovered. The evolution from Newtonian physics to general relativity is a good way to explain how new information can cause a theory to evolve into a more complete theory: When Sir Isaac Newton discovered the theory of gravity and wrote laws that explained the motions of objects, he was not wrong about how the world worked, but he wasn’t fully right either. Albert Einstein later discovered the theories of special and general relativity — that the force of gravity exists due to the bending of spacetime, which is caused by massive objects. This created a more complete theory of gravity. In fact, when you stay far below the speed of light, many of the equations in general and special relativity give you Newton’s results, so Newton wasn't incorrect. He just had a partial answer. So, what happens when you have two theories that contradict each other, such as the Steady State and Big Bang theories (the former says the universe's density doesn’t change over time and has no beginning or end, while the latter claims the universe is becoming increasingly less dense and started at some point in time). In this case, scientists made observations, hypotheses, and testable predictions to figure out which theory was right. For example, one scientist might observe that the universe is expanding, hypothesize that it had a beginning, and test their hypothesis by doing the math. Eventually, either one theory is overturned completely (in this case, the Big Bang theory turned out to be correct), or the correct aspects of each theory are combined to form a new theory — one singular theory. In many cases, one theory forms the foundation upon which other theories are built. An example is Einstein's theories of general and special relativity. These theories lay the foundation for many, many other theories and equations (such as Hubble’s law and the Schwarzschild radius). Scientific laws are short, sweet, and always true. They're often expressed in a single statement and generally rely on a concise mathematical equation. Laws are accepted as being universal and are the cornerstones of science. They must never be wrong (that is why there are many theories and few laws). If a law were ever to be shown false, any science built on that law would also be wrong. Examples of scientific laws (also called "laws of nature") include the laws of thermodynamics, Boyle’s law of gasses, the laws of gravitation. A law isn't better than a theory, or vice versa. They're just different, and in the end, all that matters is that they're used correctly. A law is used to describe an action under certain circumstances. For example, evolution is a law — the law tells us that it happens but doesn't describe how or why. A theory describes how and why something happens. For example, evolution by natural selection is a theory. It provides a host of descriptions for various mechanisms and describes the method by which evolution works. Another example is Einstein’s famous equation E=mc^2. The equation is a law that describes the action of energy being converted to mass. The theories of special and general relativity, on the other hand, show how and why something with mass is unable to travel at the speed of light. Hopefully, this has helped expand your understanding of what it means when scientists call something a hypothesis, a theory, or a law. And if you see someone in Internet Land using the terms inappropriately, please, shoot them this article. Share This Article 
Humans have made a staggering amount of scientific and technological progress over the past century. We've created technology that has transformed our society; scientific advances have helped us answer fundamental questions about who we are and the world that we inhabit. And, yet, mysteries persist. Why are we compelled to sleep every night? Why are we still not able to "see" dark matter? And where the heck are all the aliens? People have debated questions like these for decades — sometimes centuries. Fortunately, our unfaltering will to uncover the world's mysteries has brought us closer to some answers than ever before. Here are six mysteries that still keep scientists up at night, and how close they are to solving them. Why do we need sleep? This may seem like a straightforward question, but the answer is far more complex than you might think. There have been countless attempts to find a definitive reason as to why humans need to sleep every night, but scientists are still unable to offer a single, definitive answer. Findings in sleep science have shed some light on the intricacies of sleep stages and brain activity, but ultimately, they have merely offered pieces to an ever-growing, incomplete puzzle. It doesn't help that we don't have much to compare ourselves to — as sleeping patterns and brain activity in other animals often deviate significantly from those of humans, further mystifying our understanding of sleep. Jerry Siegel, a psychiatry professor at UCLA’s Semel Institute of Neuroscience and Human Behavior, has been studying the sleeping habits of animals to understand why humans need to enter a hibernation-like state every night. "Our understanding and orientation [of sleep] is different than in any other animal because most of us would like to stay awake 24 hours a day. But in the natural world, animals that use a lot of energy are not going to survive," Siegel tells Futurism. Nature values inactivity — for instance, winter hibernation allows certain animals to recover and store energy when it is not needed. "Across species, energy savings is the main evolutionary impulse for sleep," Siegel explains. African elephants, for example, only sleep for two hours a day in the wild, likely because they need the rest of that time to feed in order to give their large bodies enough energy to function. The energy saving theory is one of several that scientists use to explain why we sleep. As scientists have created tools that can track brain activity during the act of sleep, they have come closer to finishing the puzzle and uncovering all of sleep's mysteries. For example, the brain has mechanisms in place allowing it to purge itself of unnecessary information during sleep. “Sleep is the price we pay for learning,” Giulio Tononi, a psychiatry professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison tells New Scientist. Tononi and his team conducted experiments on sleeping mice and found that, after sleep, synapses were significantly smaller than those before sleep. Tononi's team concluded that the brain needs to allow this activity to diminish in order to solidify information it gathered while it was awake. The brain is bombarded with information during the day, and it reinforces it with strong neural connections. To mix the new information in with all of the existing information, those connections need to weaken to "absorb" it. In other words, sleep allows the brain to make new information pliable enough to fit in with all of the old. While this theory elegantly describes the brain's process of making new information stick during sleep, Tononi and other neuroscientists have yet to prove that sleep is actually required for this to happen. To fully understand sleep, sleep scientists need a better sense of the neurobiological processes of the brain during both wake and sleep cycles. For instance, how come some of us are able to sleep through extremely noisy environments, and some of us can't? Once we are able to measure exactly how awake or asleep the human brain is, it will bring us even further to knowing all there is to know about sleep. But one thing has remained clear as ever: Without sleep, we are far worse off. "We know that, if you are sleep-deprived, you have lapses in attention that are actually correlated with intrusions in sleep," Siegel says. Not getting enough sleep has a direct affect on how much attention you can pay to the world around you. "Certainly when you are driving, losing alertness just for two seconds can be lethal." We don't know what it looks like. We can't see it. But it makes up more than 26 percent of the matter in the known universe. Since Dutch astronomer Jacobus Kapteyn hypothesized its existence in 1922, we have come to know it exists because of how it interacts with the matter we can observe, but dark matter is still mysteriously invisible to us. Most of the matter that's visible to us is made of neutrons, protons, and electrons. But dark matter does not adhere to these classifications. It's made up of different types of particles we haven't yet been able to categorize and that interact with light and matter in a completely different way. Dark matter does not absorb, reflect, or emit light. But its gravitational influence does bend light as it passes nearby — that kind of observation is how scientists know that dark matter exists. Researchers have been studying this phenomenon, trying to unravel its mysteries, almost since its inception. More recently, the Large Hadron Collider at the European Council for Nuclear Research (CERN) has brought us closer to actually doing so — researchers there are working to identify the invisible material by accelerating tiny particles and then studying the energy and momentum involved in their movements when they collide at high speeds. Recent studies suggest that gravitational wave detectors could allow us to "see" dark matter for the first time. But the truth of the matter (so to speak) is that we are still very much in the dark about one of the most abundant entities in our universe. We are inching closer to piecing together the earliest moments of the universe, but its true origin is still a mystery. "Any theories or models of 'creation' are incredibly speculative at this point," Paul Sutter, an astrophysicist at Ohio State University and chief scientist at the Center of Science and Industry, tells Futurism. Perhaps the best-known theory about the beginning of the universe is the Big Bang theory, in which the universe expanded from an extremely hot and dense singularity around 13.8 billion years ago. But people misunderstand if they think that matter simply exploded into being from nothing, Sutter says. "The Big Bang happened everywhere in the universe simultaneously; it's not an explosion in space but an explosion of space." Yet, the exact process of what caused this (and of course, what was there beforehand) remains unknown. "The earlier we go in the history of the universe, the less we understand," Sutter says. While we have caught brief glimpses of the universe when it was only 300,000 years old, scientists are still speculating about the extreme forces at play during the universe's first moments. Like all good mysteries, a question that seems simple yields more questions that must be solved before we can find the answer to the initial question. "We're prevented from knowing the very earliest moments (like, less than 10^-40 seconds) because we don't fully comprehend the quantum aspects of gravity," Sutter says. To this end, to fully understand the creation of our universe, we will need to have a comprehensive understanding of the laws of physics that govern matter and antimatter. This is a bit of a problem, as CERN recently confirmed that the Standard Model of particle physics may have to be turned on its head, as it doesn't account for the majority of the matter the Big Bang produced. Once we have fully understood the nature of antimatter and how it interacts with matter, we won't have a final answer to the origin of the universe, but we will come much closer to understanding how it came to be. Beyond the Kuiper belt, a mysterious cluster of objects is orbiting the Sun. They orbit even more distant from the Sun than Neptune, but some of the objects' trajectories don't seem to fit the expected pattern. Most of them circle around Neptune, kept in the planet's orbit by its powerful gravity. But a handful of these objects seem to be pulled out of place by something with much greater mass. Konstantin Batygin, assistant professor of planetary science at the California Institute of Technology, believes that these peculiarities are at least partially caused by the existence of Planet Nine — a yet-to-be-discovered ninth planet in our solar system. Think of the solar system as a giant disc. The orbits of these strangely behaving objects seem to bend the disc upwards at its edge. Planet Nine needs to be massive to have this kind of influence — a bigger mass than Earth, even. However, despite its apparent mass, we have not yet been able to prove its existence. In part, this is because we only just started looking for it; scientists first started theorizing about its existence in 2014. However, that's not the only reason that the planet remains undiscovered. "We haven't found it yet because it is staggeringly dim," Batygin says. "With the best telescopes around, we could just barely detect it, we think." Infrared analysis is out of the question because the instruments are simply not sensitive enough. That forces astronomers to look for reflected light — an even more challenging task than infrared analysis. This is because any light that Planet Nine reflects has to travel from the Sun to the far reaches of the solar system, bounce off Planet Nine, and then arrive back to Earth. Reflected light diminishes exponentially as it crosses a distance; the properties of reflected light are stacked against us finding Planet Nine. However, with advancements in technology, a more sensitive telescope may be able to register light reflected from it, once and for all confirming Planet Nine's existence. Astronomers are also using computer simulations to estimate its orbit to get a better sense of where it will be and when. It's possible that Planet Nine may be simply at a point in its orbit that makes it too distant to be observed. You might have encountered them on YouTube: thousands of videos narrated in hushed voices and accompanied by soft sounds, like massaging a textured piece of fabric or the faint hum of a hair clipper. A specialized microphone gives you the sensation that you are there. For some people, the sound creates the sensation of a scalp massage. The result of this experience: a relaxing, tingling sensation in the brain in about 90 percent of the population. But why it happens, and why it doesn't work for everyone, is still unknown. Craig Richard, a professor of biopharmaceutical sciences at Shenandoah University and founder of ASMR University, has been studying this peculiar sensation since 2013. "We are at the very beginning of unraveling the science behind ASMR," Richard tells Futurism. While past biological studies have shown that functional connectivity (regions of the brain that light up on a fMRI) is different in brains that experience ASMR than in those that don't, ASMR remains a mystery. Why is it that only a certain percentage of humans experiences it? Why does it even exist? "I don't think there will ever be one explanation that satisfies everyone," he says. The universe is billions of years old. Considering the age and sheer vastness of our cosmos, it's hard to comprehend why we haven't found other signs of intelligent life. Basic probability indicates that we should have found extraterrestrials by now, so where are they? Astronomers and physicists have put forth many theories in their attempts to explain. One theory suggests there is a great cataclysmic event that stops any civilization from ever making contact, while another proposes that aliens are trapped beneath thick layers of ice and rock on distant moons. If extraterrestrial life does exist in our solar system, researchers suggest that it is likely microbial, as opposed to intelligent alien life. These alien organisms are thought to be on small, icy planets, such as the moons of Saturn or Jupiter. Scientists at NASA have conducted studies to investigate the composition and state of the large oceans on these moons because, they predict, the presence of abundant water might allow alien life to thrive. But so far, these are only educated guesses based on findings of NASA's Galileo satellite and extensive scanning and observation. NASA is planning to get a closer look by traveling to Jupiter's icy moon Europa within the next decade. But even if we did find alien life, would we be able to recognize it? Looking for familiar carbon-based lifeforms that use water as life support might limit us in our quest to find alien life. Scientists must be able to fully distinguish alien messages from all the other noise in space — and even that is far from simple. What if their message is indistinguishable from other frequencies? What if they don't want to be found? In any case, the search is far from over. In fact, in many ways, the search is only just beginning. Share This Article 
On Monday, Francis Crick Institute geneticist Robin Lovell-Badge speculated that the Chinese scientist who let babies with edited genomes come to term could face the death penalty. Now Lovell-Badge, who organized the international conference at which He Jiankui revealed his work, dialed back his statements on a Tuesday BBC segment. "Well, he read the newspapers that came out overnight, which suggested that he may face the death penalty, so he sent me an email overnight to say that he’s fine," Lovell-Badge said, according to Inverse. "I think he’s obviously trying to build up his own case to defend his actions." Back in November, He claimed to have used CRISPR to gene edit a pair of babies to be resistant to HIV, a move that sparked outrage in the scientific community. He has been under constant guard in an apartment on campus at Southern University of Science and Technology for at least the last few weeks. It's unclear whether that means he's under house arrest or whether the guards are there for his protection. "He could be had up on all sorts of charges of corruption and being guilty of corruption in China these days is not something you want to be," Lovell-Badge told The Telegraph Monday. "Quite a few people have lost their heads for corruption.” But based on his BBC appearance, it would seem that Lovell-Badge was merely taking a guess on He's fate, not sharing any concrete new facts. READ MORE: Chinese Scientist Who Gene-Edited Babies Responds to Death Penalty Rumors [Inverse] More on He Jiankui: Those CRISPR Baby Experiments Were Just Banned By The Chinese Government Share This Article 
Americans aren't as concerned about facial recognition tech as they once were. That's the takeaway from a newly released survey conducted by the Center for Data Innovation, a nonprofit and nonpartisan research institute. "People are often suspicious of new technologies, but in this case, they seem to have warmed up to facial recognition technology quite quickly," the center's director, Daniel Castro, told Nextgov. But just because Americans are less wary of facial recognition tech doesn't mean regulators should be. Between December 13 and 16, 3,151 adult internet users in the U.S. shared their feelings on facial recognition tech with the Center via a Google Surveys poll. This poll asked each participant to rate how strongly they agreed or disagreed with 10 statements, such as "The government should strictly limit the use of facial recognition technology even if it comes at the expense of public safety" and "Police departments should be allowed to use facial recognition technology to help find suspects if the software is correct 90 [percent] of the time." Only 26.2 percent of participants in the Center's facial recognition survey supported strict regulations on the technology, with that number dropping to 18.3 percent if the regulations came at the expense of public safety. When the public policy group Brookings Institution conducted its own facial recognition survey in September, 35 percent of the 2,000 participants thought the government should regulate facial recognition "very much." Castro has one possible explanation for why Americans are getting over any initial wariness of facial recognition tech so quickly: their phones. “[T]hese results are likely explained by the fact that consumers are increasingly familiar with facial recognition technology, such as using it to unlock their phones, so they understand its convenience," he told FedScoop. "When they understand a technology, they are usually willing to embrace it if they come out ahead." According to the Center's facial recognition survey, Americans are also apparently more willing to embrace the tech if it actually works the way it's supposed to. The percentage of participants who "agreed strongly" that police departments should be allowed to use facial recognition technology to help find suspects dropped significantly each time the hypothetical accuracy of the technology dropped — 41.1 percent strongly agreed with the tech's use if it was 100 percent accurate, 23.4 percent if 90 percent accurate, and 17.7 percent if 80 percent accurate. And that's the problem with the current use of facial recognition technology — in general, it's not terribly accurate. It's also biased, with mistakes disproportionately involving people who aren't white and aren't men. So, while lawmakers should consider the average citizen's opinion when deciding how they should regulate facial recognition tech, they shouldn't discount the opinion of the many experts all saying the same thing: we must regulate this technology. READ MORE: Survey: Americans Warming to Use of Facial Recognition Tech [Nextgov] More on facial recognition: Microsoft President Calls for Government Rules for Facial Recognition Technology Share This Article 
If sci-fi writers of the past somehow visited us today, they might wonder: where are all the clones? As recently as the year 2000, it seemed almost inevitable that rogue scientists would start human cloning any day. Dolly the sheep, the first mammal to be cloned from an adult cell, was born in 1997. A council on bioethics called by then-President Bush, and an emergency report by the National Academies, both published reports deeming that the technology was unsafe and should be banned, even for research or therapy. Media reports covered every update breathlessly. Even Arnold Schwarzenegger got in on the action, starring in a movie about a man (with a self-driving car, of course) whose clone takes over his life. Yes, over the past 15 years or so, genetics research has gotten so advanced that, from a scientific perspective, we're actually pretty darn close to being able to create human clones. But no need to freak out just yet. There are significant barriers to human cloning that remain, and they're not only scientific ones. For one thing: the technology that created Dolly the sheep in the 90s is simply inefficient, as MIT Tech Review explains — only one of 100 cloned embryos led to a live birth, and some of those that make it are born with fatal birth defects. Scientists have overcome some of these hurdles by figuring out how to un-block genes needed to develop a cell into a full-fledged embryo, which are usually not "turned on" in their original state. These scientific advances have made it possible for companies to confidently charge customers to clone their beloved pets (granted, it's still so expensive that it's primarily the purview of celebrities, but it's definitely a real thing that happens) and for Chinese scientists to successfully clone monkeys. Doesn't seem like much of a stretch that we could the clone humans, right? But given the science we have now, it would still require a significant number of failed human pregnancies, so many that it's hard to imagine ethics committees allowing the research to happen. Stem cell biologist Yi Zhang, whose work solved the blocked gene problem, pointed out to Tech Review that the process of creating just two long-tailed macaque monkeys required 63 surrogate mothers and 417 eggs, all of which resulted in just six pregnancies. Not to mention, many countries simply would not allow this process. According to the Center for Genetics and Society, any form of cloning is flat-out banned in 46 countries, and reproductive cloning (cloning specifically to create full-grown humans) is banned in another 32, leaving open the option to clone human cells for therapeutic uses like growing organs. In the United States, fifteen states prohibit reproductive cloning, and three prohibit the use of public funds for cloning research. That's not to say that just because scientists are not supposed to do something, that they won't. But human cloning research would require significant financial support and the infrastructure of sophisticated technology; it's not something that could be done in someone's basement lab. Therefore, unless some mad billionaire decided to attempt the process privately, anyone who wanted to carry out human cloning would have some form of review board to answer to. Because China hasn't formally banned cloning in any way, some critics feared that Chinese scientists might attempt a human clone after their success in monkeys. Yet those researchers, at least, stated they had no plans to clone humans, as "social ethics would by no means allow that practice." This last statement is telling: should they perform human cloning, scientists know very well that they would be shunned by the scientific and diplomatic community altogether. That pressure alone may be enough to keep rogue scientists from trying anything, even in places where there are no legal limits on the practice. At least, for now. Share This Article 
For years, scientists have theorized that black holes could serve as portals for interdimensional travel. But there's always been a problem: how could a hyperspace traveler ever approach a black hole without getting torn to teeny-tiny shreds by the black hole's unholy gravitational forces? It turns out that some black holes are gentler than others, according to University of Massachusetts Dartmouth physicists. If a black hole is large enough and rotating quickly enough, astronauts would have a nice, smooth ride the whole way down, according to research published in the journal Physical Review D. "One of the most cherished science fiction scenarios is using a black hole as a portal to another dimension or time or universe," wrote Gaurav Khanna, a National Science Foundation-funded physicist who worked on the project, in a new essay published Wednesday by The Conversation. "That fantasy may be closer to reality than previously imagined." Computer simulations show that the singularity inside a giant, rapidly-spinning black hole is far weaker than in other black holes — to the point it may not even crush a wayward spaceship. In fact, its passengers may not even notice the force exerted by the black hole, long thought to obliterate anything that comes near, at all. In his essay, Khanna likened the hypothetical experiences to moving your hand through a candle's flame. Sure, the fire is hot enough to melt your skin away if you leave it there too long, but you'll only feel a fleeting warmth if you whisk it through quickly enough. The jury is still out on whether hyperspace travel exists. But if anyone ever wanted to give it a shot, now they know where to aim. READ MORE: Rotating black holes may serve as gentle portals for hyperspace travel [The Conversation] More on black holes: Here’s How You Could Survive Being Sucked Into a Black Hole Share This Article 
Rare genetic disorders are, by definition, rare. That can make diagnosing them difficult for clinicians, and without a proper diagnosis, a patient might not receive the best possible treatment. A new AI-powered smartphone app called Face2Gene could change that. Its creators say it can outperform doctors at diagnosing rare genetic disorders in children by analyzing kids' faces. Eventually, the app could help children across the globe receive better treatment for their conditions — if it can overcome a few hurdles. The Face2Gene app is the work of Boston-based digital-health company FDNA, which describes its work in a paper published in the journal Nature Medicine on Monday. According to the paper, the team trained Face2Gene's deep-learning algorithm to identify rare genetic disorders by first feeding it more than 17,000 images of people diagnosed with one of 216 genetic syndromes. From that data, it learned to look for distinctive facial features associated with specific disorders. When the researchers tested the app on 502 images it hadn't seen before, Face2Gene provided the correct diagnosis roughly 65 percent of the time. When given the option of providing 10 possible diagnoses, the correct one made Face2Gene's list 91 percent of the time. The team also tested Face2Gene's disorder-identification abilities against those of 49 clinical geneticists attending a workshop on birth defects. For that unofficial trial, the researchers asked the participants to diagnose 10 children with “fairly recognizable” genetic syndromes based on a single photo of their face. The results were striking. Only two of the clinical geneticists provided correct diagnoses for more than 50 percent of the photos. Face2Gene correctly diagnosed seven out of the 10 children. Ideally, Face2Gene would be able to correctly identify a disorder every time. To get closer to that goal, the FDNA team needs more training data, which it hopes to generate by making the app available to healthcare professionals for free. It also needs that training data to include more non-Caucasian faces — a 2017 study using Face2Gene to identify Down Syndrome found the healthcare app was 80 accurate in its diagnosis if a photo featured a white Belgian child, but only 37 accurate if it featured a black Congolese child. Even at its current rate of accuracy, though, the app has already impressed at least one rare disease specialist: the University of Oxford's Christoffer Nellåker, who was not associated with the research. "The real value here is that for some of these ultra-rare diseases, the process of diagnosis can be many, many years," he told New Scientist. "This kind of technology can help narrow down the search space and then be verified through checking genetic markers." "For some diseases, it will cut down the time to diagnosis drastically," Nellåker continued. "For others, it could perhaps add a means of finding other people with the disease and, in turn, help find new treatments or cures." READ MORE: AI Can Identify Rare Genetic Disorders by the Shape of Someone’s Face [New Scientist] More on AI: Your Future Doctor May Not Be Human. This Is the Rise of AI in Medicine. Share This Article 
Russian startup StartRocket says it wants to display enormous billboard-style advertisements in the night sky using arrays of cubesats, a vision it illustrates in a concept video featuring what appear to be the McDonald's and KFC logos hovering in the sky like new constellations. According to project leader Vlad Sitnikov, this commodification of the night sky is the next logical step in advertising. "We are ruled by brands and events," he told Futurism. "The Super Bowl, Coca Cola, Brexit, the Olympics, Mercedes, FIFA, Supreme and the Mexican wall. The economy is the blood system of society. Entertainment and advertising are at its heart. We will live in space, and humankind will start delivering its culture to space. The more professional and experienced pioneers will make it better for everyone." StartRocket says it will launch what it calls the Orbital Display by 2020, and start displaying ads in the night sky by 2021. Its cubesats will orbit at an altitude between 400 and 500 kilometers (about 250 to 310 miles) and will only be visible from the ground for about six minutes at a time, a company representative told Futurism. The company didn't share how much a space advertisement might cost, but a pitch deck sent to Futurism opined that brands will pay for the ads because the "ego is brighter than the sun." Randy Segal, an attorney who specializes in space and satellite law at the firm Hogan Lovells, told Futurism that the project may be technically feasible, but that StartRocket could run into regulatory hurdles around the world. "Is it technologically possible? Yes," Segal said. "Is it something that regulators will permit? Questionable." Segal said it's likely that the company will allow particular jurisdictions to request that the satellites not display ads overhead. The primary regulatory challenge the company might face, she predicted, would be whether its satellites will interfere with aviation safety. The concept isn't without precedent, Segal pointed out. A Japanese startup plans to launch a pair of microsatellites that will fire off artificial shooting stars on command. It's easy to imagine public outcry at the idea of brands hijacking the night sky as more marketing real estate. But Alexey Skorupsky, another member of the StartRocket team, pushed back at those criticisms. He pointed to the New Zealand company that launched a disco ball into orbit last year, a move that annoyed scientists — though, Skorupsky said, it was only visible for a few minutes at a time. "I think scientists can use this time for peeing or having a coffee," Skorupsky told Futurism. And in the end, he argued, the commercialization of space is inevitable. "If you ask about advertising and entertainment in general — haters gonna hate," Skorupsky said. "We are developing a new medium. At the advent of television no one loved ads at all." More on small satellites: Newly Created Tiny Satellites Are Key to Space Exploration Share This Article 
While we're still trying to figure out the possible advantages and applications of quantum computing, IBM has unveiled a sleek commercial quantum computer at this year's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The 20-qubit system, called the IBM Q System One, is essentially a nine-foot glass box that houses the components needed to make quantum computations work, including a cooler that keeps the qubits at just above absolute zero, around -460 Fahrenheit. IBM touts the Q as the "world's first fully integrated universal quantum computing system." Rather than selling the Q System One, IBM is planning to hook it up to the internet, allowing researchers, scientists, and engineers to take advantage of it remotely. The System One isn't the most powerful quantum computer out there. In fact, IBM itself already built a more poweful 50-qubit machine back in 2017. A quantum bit — or qubit for short — is the equivalent of the zeros and ones that form a "bit" in a classic binary computing system. The more qubits, the more computations the machine can do at a time. 20 qubits is not powerful enough to replace the big number-crunching computations a traditional data center has to take care of these days. Researchers believe quantum computers would actually need far more to outperform their binary counterparts. But that's not the point. IBM is emphasizing that the Q is mostly a symbolic first step into the world of commercial quantum computing. It could also help researchers find applications for quantum computing in the world of science, and business that could make it actually, you know, useful one day. READ MORE: IBM unveils its first commercial quantum computer [TechCrunch] More on quantum computers: The World’s First Practical Quantum Computer May Be Just Five Years Away Share This Article 
NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA) just released a breathtaking new Hubble image of the Triangulum Galaxy, one of our galaxy's nearest cosmic neighbors. The full 665-million-pixel image, composed of 54 different photos, shows between 10 and 15 million of the galaxy's 40 billion stars. Hubble scientists say that the extraordinarily detailed new image could help them learn more about how new stars form. Vast regions of the Triangulum Galaxy are full of gas and dust clouds which hold the raw materials for new stars. Past research by the Hubble team found that a new star the size of our sun is formed in these clouds roughly once every two years — a dizzying frequency on cosmic timescales. The odds of watching a star form are stacked against scientists, but this new survey highlighting hotbeds of celestial activity give NASA and ESA researchers a much better shot at watching and understanding the process than ever before. Stars live for a long time — often billions of years. Many of the stars we can observe are well into their lifespans, so having a readily-available way to watch and study celestial newborns is useful to astronomers and astrophysicists who want to fill the blanks. It's questions like these that inspired the recent Hubble survey of the Triangulum Galaxy. As scientists go through the data they collected, we may learn a lot more about how stars like our Sun came to be. READ MORE: Hubble takes gigantic image of the Triangulum Galaxy [Hubble Telescope News] More on galaxies: AN ANCIENT STAR REVEALS OUR GALAXY IS OLDER THAN WE THOUGHT Share This Article 
Slightly pink on the inside, a lightly flame-charred exterior, and plenty of runny juices — the perfect hamburger is a marvel to behold. But does a cow have to suffer for you to enjoy one? California-based plant-based meat substitute company Impossible Foods has a definitive answer to that: absolutely not. The company is inching closer to becoming indistinguishable from the real thing with its brand-new 2.0 burger revealed today at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas. "I couldn't tell it wasn't the real thing," wrote CNET's Dara Kerr, who tasted the new burger. Impossible Foods' technology is called "heme," an iron-carrying molecule that the company claims is what gives meat its distinctive flavor. Its Impossible Burger is now on sale at over 5,000 restaurants, including chains like White Castle, just over two years after the company's founding. Alongside its new burger, Impossible Foods announced today it is planning to sell its plant-based meat substitute "meat" in grocery stores across the country by the end of 2019 — a big step for the burgeoning industry. And Impossible isn't the only player in the high tech meat substitute game. Other companies, like Beyond Meat, have also extended offerings to grocery stores, like Beyond's plant-protein-isolates-based Beyond Meat burger. But as with most things in life, it all comes down to the price. According to CNET, the price of Impossible Food's new 2.0 burger will "be about the same as USDA premium ground beef." Nonetheless, the better the options, the more likely it is that the trend will actually catch on. And that's inherently a good thing: there's plenty of evidence that the industrial meat industry is terrible for our planet. READ MORE: Impossible Burger 2.0 tastes like beef. Really [CNET] More on fake meat: McDonald’s Exec: “We’re Keeping Our Eye” on Meatless Burgers Share This Article 
Cars aren't the only modes of transport getting an all-electric makeover. Back in 2014, legendary motorcycle maker Harley-Davidson made headlines when it announced Project LiveWire — a concept all-electric motorcycle with a range of 60 miles. The catch: it wouldn't come out until 2021. But battery technology has advanced in leaps and bounds. Today, Harley-Davidson announced that its long-awaited LiveWire motorcycle will go on sale in August — two years ahead of schedule. We got our first look at the final designs back in November: a battery-powered bike that can go from zero to 60 mph in under 3.5 seconds. The Verge reported it will cover 110 "city miles" on a single charge — almost twice as much as 2016 estimates. Regenerative breaking could also extend that number. Since the LiveWire is electric, there's no clutch or gears, making it extremely easy for those who are looking to get into riding a motorcycle. But that also means no trademark Harley engine rumble. Luckily, the company's engineers thought of that, too. "The LiveWire model is designed to produce a new signature Harley-Davidson sound as it accelerates and gains speed," reads an official press release. The new sound is more of a futuristic motor whine, not the deep rumble Harleys are usually known for. Owners will also be able to check how much juice is left in the battery and the exact GPS location of their internet-connected Harley via a smartphone app. Will it convince even the most grizzled and bearded motorcycle gang members? We'll soon find out. READ MORE: Harley-Davidson’s first all-electric motorcycle is coming August 2019, will cost $29,799 [The Verge] More on the LiveWire: Harley-Davidson is Making Its First Electric Motorcycle Share This Article 
Elon Musk's Twitter drama is back. If you for some reason want to think about that "taking Tesla private at $420" tweet again, please read on. Now Tesla investors now want to subpoena Grimes, Azealia Banks, and newsrooms including The New York Times, Business Insider, and Gizmodo for any information on Musk's infamous tweet and his attempt to secure private funding for his electric vehicle company, Tesla, Bloomberg reports. If the investors do issue these subpoenas, then Musk's misleading tweets, which prompted separate SEC and Justice Department investigations, will somehow become even more of a circus. Musk's lawyer, Dean Kristy, responded Thursday by saying that the attempt to drag Grimes and Banks — who were both around Musk when he sent the tweets — as well as newsrooms that interviewed any of the three celebrities, is more of a spectacle than a good-faith effort to learn more. “It is readily apparent that this is more of an effort to sensationalize these proceedings than a legitimate attempt to preserve evidence,” Kristy wrote in a court filing, according to Bloomberg. For now, the investors still seem to be considering their options, as Gizmodo's article on the matter didn't include mention of actual subpoenas. But if The New York Times, Gizmodo, Business Insider, Grimes, and Azealia Banks all get dragged into the ongoing investigations, you can bet we'll have a lot more to share soon. READ MORE: Elon Musk Isn’t Keen on Investors Dragging Girlfriend Into Tweet Lawsuit [Bloomberg] More on Tesla: REPORTS: ELON MUSK TURNED DOWN AN SEC SETTLEMENT Share This Article 
The days of landing a drone to recharge it could be coming to an end. On Sunday, entertainment vlogger David Fordham published an interview with William Kallman, co-founder of wireless tech company Global Energy Transmission (GET). In the video, recorded from the floor of the 2019 Consumer Electronics Showcase, Kallman describes how his company has found a way to use an electromagnetic field to keep drones in the air indefinitely — and the potential impact of the tech is hard to overstate. According to Kallman, GET has found a way to create a "power cloud" that can charge a drone while it's in flight. The system comprises a ground-based power station with a frame of wires positioned in a roughly circular shape. When turned on, this creates an electromagnetic field in the air near the station. A drone equipped with a special antennae charges by flying into the range of the power cloud. Eight minutes of charge time translates to 30 minutes of flight. One of GET's power stations and two customized drones, each capable of carrying 7 kilograms (15.4 pounds), currently costs $120,000. It's hard to overstate the potential for drones to change our world, but for seemingly every positive use for the machines (package delivery, search and rescue operations), there's a negative one to consider (military weaponry, citizen surveillance). So, sure, a drone that never needs to land would be amazingly beneficial for moviemaking and sports coverage — two uses Kallman notes in the interview — but it's hard to imagine military or government officials wouldn't be highly interested in GET's drone charging tech as well. READ MORE: In-Flight Charging Gives Drones Unlimited Autonomous Range [New Atlas] More on drone charging: Shoot This Military Drone With a Laser, and It’ll Stay in the Air Indefinitely Share This Article 
In a matter of weeks, SpaceX will be launching a brand new Crew Dragon spacecraft capsule to the International Space Station — an unmanned test of a spacecraft intended to ferry human crews to orbit. As such, the test will be a make-or-break moment for SpaceX. In a reply on Twitter this week, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk conceded that the launch will be "especially dangerous" and "extremely intense." The launch of the crewed Dragon capsule has been a long time coming, despite strong support from NASA. Prior launch dates have come and gone, and this week is no exception: NASA originally planned on Jan. 17 for launch, but thanks to a partial government shutdown that might not happen after all, Ars Technica reported. Despite the circumstances, SpaceX has gone full steam ahead with getting its crewed Dragon spacecraft off the launchpad. Musk tweeted that the private space company was "about a month away" from launch on Friday. If the launch succeeds, commercial human spaceflight is about to become a lot cheaper. And it will be far easier to pilot, too. The Crew Dragon is equipped with state-of-the-art hardware and software that makes navigating the capsule far easier than the complex maneuvers required to steer a Soyuz spacecraft — a remnant of early spaceflight dating back to the 1960s. SpaceX has a lot of hurdles to overcome in the upcoming months, and it will likely take a number of test flights until SpaceX is confident enough to allow humans to ride the Dragon. But if SpaceX does succeed — and so far, history seems to be on the company's side — outer space could seem a lot closer in the near future. READ MORE: SpaceX demo flight a month away, will be “especially dangerous,” Musk says [Ars Technica] More on the crewed Dragon spacecraft: SpaceX's Crew Dragon Goes Vertical for First Test Launch Share This Article 
The Big Bang didn't just result in our familiar universe, according to a mind-bending new theory — it also generated a second "anti-universe" that extended backwards in time, like a mirror image of our own. A new story in Physics World explores the new theory, which was proposed by a trio of Canadian physicists who say that it could explain the existence of dark matter. The new theory, which is laid out in a recent paper in the journal Physical Review of Letters, aims to preserve a rule of physics called CPT symmetry. In the anti-universe before the Big Bang, it suggests, time ran backwards and the cosmos were made of antimatter instead of matter. This new theory is compelling, according to a news release about the new theory, because it would mean that the universe is filled with "very massive sterile neutrinos" that could explain dark matter, a mysterious material that is believed to make up much of the universe. By the researchers' own admission, according to Physics World, many details of the new theory still need to be hammered out. But co-author Neil Turok, of the Perimetery Institute for Theoretical Physics in Ontario, argued in an interview with the publication that the new theory is a strong one because it relies only on known particles and fields, instead of assuming that new ones will be discovered in the future. "There is this frame of mind that you explain a new phenomenon by inventing a new particle or field," he told Physics World. "I think that may turn out to be misguided." READ MORE: Our universe has antimatter partner on the other side of the Big Bang, say physicists [Physics World] More on the dark matter: An Oxford Scientist May Have Solved the Mystery of Dark Matter Share This Article 
Jellyfish have been around for a half billion years. Now, pollution and climate change are allowing them to take over and choke the oceans. That's according to Juli Berwald, the author of "Spineless: The Science of Jellyfish and the Art of Growing a Backbone," according to a new interview with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation — a dire warning about how human activity has upset the natural ecosystem. Jellyfish reproduce well in warmer waters, Berwald said, and they do well in polluted areas because they need less oxygen than other sea life. Exploding jellyfish populations have swept into power plants across the world — including two nuclear plants in Scotland — shutting down parts of the power grid, she said. "One jellyfish scientist from Japan told me that the first threat to the electric system in Japan is earthquakes, but the second is jellyfish," Berwald told ABC. "We are dealing with a ubiquitous creature." The growth worldwide jellyfish populations — at the expense of other marine life like fish — is a warning about the effects that pollution and climate change are having on the health of the oceans, according to Berwald. "Because we are terrestrial creatures we haven't really thought about the health of the oceans," Berwald told ABC. "We've considered it as this place that is so big we can never really damage it that badly. The message from jellyfish is that we are." READ MORE: Jellyfish are causing mayhem as pollution, climate change see numbers boom [Australian Broadcasting Corporation] More on jellyfish: Jellyfish Chips Are the Future of Junk Food Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with DIATOMS INC, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Maybe you missed it, but over Thanksgiving weekend a major scientific report was published on climate change. This 1,656-page, Congressionally-mandated report details the devastating effects of climate change. Not just on the environment, but also our health and the nation’s economy: crop failures, decrepit infrastructure, broken supply chains – even going so far as to report that we could lose up to 10% of gross domestic product by 2100, twice as much as our losses from 2008’s Great Recession. We’re not talking about just wildfires anymore. Yup. We’re screwed. It’s scientifically proven. We’re well past “reduce, reuse, recycle.” And it’s easy to feel hopeless.  But what if there was something we could do to actually make a difference? What if you could fight back? What if we could actually reverse the effects of climate change, invest in measurable solutions, and work with intention and purpose to repair the damage? That’s what some of the greatest minds in government, technology, and finance are working on right now. DIATOMS INC, a brand new company, published their premiere white paper today.  The goal of DIATOMS? Fix the planet.  Audacious, sure, but isn’t it about time we built businesses focused on financing and developing initiatives to reverse our current trajectory? It’s not too late. But we must start now. Initially, DIATOMS will focus on coal fly ash, CO2 capture and storage, food waste, human waste, repurposing plastics, and reprocessing landfills. Each of these projects is owned and operated by DIATOMS and supervised by industry experts working with advanced technology across the public and private sectors ensuring economic performance and returns on investment. Newsflash: Yes, we can build profitable and ethical businesses. We have the technology, the data, and the science. We no longer have to pillage our planet’s resources in the name of profit. In fact, we’re now at the precipice of a new business paradigm, one supported by decentralized technology, abundant private capital, and the greatest minds of our generation. Co-founded by J. Todd Morley,  who also co-founded Y2X, G2 and previously Guggenheim Partners who now manage over $300 billion in assets, DIATOMS' leadership team also includes logistics experts, political leaders, blockchain pioneers, engineers, academics, economists, and global leaders including Dave Sams, Chairman of Delaware Life; Richard Gephardt, former House Majority Leader; Patrick McConlogue, Founder of Block Collider; Matt Kennedy, Partner at Converge; and David L. Shuler, Y2X Co-founder, former Managing Director, Paxos/itBit, and former Vice President at Goldman Sachs.   These individuals have come together to become something better than the sum of their parts. It will take humans to save humanity. And DIATOMS INC is looking for a few good women and men to join the crusade.  This is a call to action. Our world is moving away from traditional notions of work and economics. We are moving away from centralized oligarchies and industrialized labor. Entrepreneurship, decentralization, and new ideologies like tokenomics and what DIATOMS calls “structural alpha” are paving the way for new mindsets, new businesses, and new opportunities.  If you’re interested in learning more about DIATOMS “human blockchain” and the first ever technology passport through which they plan to raise an initial $50 million with an ICO/STO, check out DIATOMSINC.io. Until now, no one has stepped up to the challenge of repairing the vandalization of the industrial revolution and the 20th century. Bureaucracy has hindered our progress and capitalist interests have ignored science. Working together, outside the confines of previous paradigms, in a decentralized approach, with private capital, we can make change. Hell, even space exploration is now a private endeavor. Why not fixing the planet? There’s certainly money to be made in that business. Global infrastructure is a $9 trillion/year market. And with our forthcoming decentralized economy, a company like DIATOMS, utilizing tax code provisions as well as federal, state, municipal, and corporate credits, with the backing of investors and a team of experts, can not only improve the quality of our lives and our environment, but also our economy. And make profit. This is our future New Deal. The ambitions and goals of DIATOMS will shape the future of our economy, our infrastructure, and our planet’s resources. Finally, a group of global leaders have come together to fund and develop the work that needs to be done. DIATOMS is structured as a C corporation, allowing the business to finance, own, and operate their initiatives as long-term solutions and long-term investments, collecting assets and compounding returns. Ultimately, by investing in infrastructure with equity from high-risk/high-reward investors, the company can build a collection of global assets, working towards solving the largest problems plaguing humanity, with projections for returns on equity to be higher than those found in the S+P 500.  Seems improbable, right? Well, they’re already doing it. In Florida, DIATOMS is planning the construction of a new plant using innovative technology to process discarded fruits and vegetables, and improve farming practices and harvests, all while reducing amounts of methane in landfills. In Rhode Island they’re contracted to develop 60 acres of raw land to build a microgrid and hydroponic vertical farms. And with regards to our deadly CO2 emissions, DIATOMS is already working with new technologies to store and reuse the gas, at scale, with exciting updates to come. It’s time to build a better world.  The tech is here, and the benefits of decentralization and blockchain are now undeniable. Really, who doesn’t want to make the world a better place? It can be done. It just takes something altogether innovative, something completely new, something that brings together the wealth and talent of our global leaders, something that leverages new tech and decentralization, something that plans not for the next 10 years but the next 100.  But don’t take our word for it. Read more at DIATOMSINC.io. Share This Article 
Earlier this week, Chinese lunar probe Chang'e-4 made history by becoming the first spacecraft to ever land on the far side of the Moon — the less-studied, mountainous half that faces away from the Earth. Yesterday, we were blessed with a number of new high-resolution images, courtesy of China's National Space Administration, showing the more mysterious side of the Moon in all its glory. The pictures had to make their way through a special relay satellite called Queqiao since radio communication with the far side of the Moon is far more difficult. Chang'e-4 launched on December 7 to explore the differences between the far, and near side of the Moon in terms of their mineral composition, and structure. It's also carrying a tiny biosphere containing a number of Earth-based species including potato plants and fruit flies.   The pictures, taken by Chang'e-4's on-board cameras, show the Yutu 2 rover— China revealed that name yesterday — rolling down tracks and leaving the Chang'e-4 lander behind. The rover is situated in the floor of the 115 mile wide (186 kilometers) Von Kármán Crater near the Moon's South Pole. Yutu 2 is the successor of the original Yutu rover that landed on the near side of the Moon back in December 2013 as part of the Chang'e-3 mission. Since the Chang'e-4 and accompanying rover were meant to be backups for their predecessors, the designs are strikingly similar. The image above shows Yutu 2's specialized wheels, designed to survive the treacherous, yet low-gravity conditions on the Moon's surface. The term "Dark Side of the Moon" is a misnomer — the far side of the Moon receives quite a bit of light, just as much as its near side. As Space.com points out, the lunar day cycle lasts a much longer 709 hours — roughly 30 days on Earth. That means it will be light for half of that time, roughly two weeks. In fact, Chang'e-4 landed shortly after the sun rose on the far side, meaning it has roughly 14 Earth days of daylight ahead of it. And we can't wait to find out what the lander — and Yutu 2 — have in store for us. READ MORE: Photos show Chinese lunar rover making tracks on the far side of the moon as it starts its historic exploration mission [Business Insider] More on Chang'e-4: China Just Landed a Rover on the Far Side of the Moon Share This Article 
An upcoming galactic collision is likely to wake the black hole at the center of the Milky Way and turn our home galaxy into a quasar — it could even fling our solar system into intergalactic space, according to new research. "This phenomenon will generate powerful jets of high energy radiation emanating from just outside the black hole," lead author Marius Cautun, a researcher at Durham University, said in a press release. "While this will not affect our Solar System, there is a small chance that we might not escape unscathed from the collision between the two galaxies which could knock us out of the Milky Way and into interstellar space." Astronomers long thought that the Large Magellanic Cloud, a nearby galaxy that slid into the Milky Way's vicinity about 1.5 billion years ago, would settle into an orbit around our galaxy. But according to the new paper, which was published in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, the Large Magellanic Cloud has far more dark matter than previously believed. That means it has much greater mass and is more likely to slam into our galaxy than orbit it. The epic collision will likely awaken the dormant black hole at the center of the Milky Way, causing it to gobble nearby matter and swell as much as 10 times in size. The good news is that the galactic collision won't take place for two billion years — long after anyone currently living on Earth is gone. But while we'll escape unscathed, the same can't be said about our galaxy. "While two billion years is an extremely long time compared to a human lifetime, it is a very short time on cosmic timescales," Cautun said. "The destruction of the Large Magellanic Cloud, as it is devoured by the Milky Way, will wreak havoc with our galaxy," turning it "into an 'active galactic nucleus' or quasar." READ MORE: Catastrophic Galactic Collision Could Send Solar System Flying Into Space [Phys.org] More on the Milky Way: New Image Confirms a Black Hole is Swallowing Our Galaxy Share This Article 
For the last three years, Bill Gates' nuclear energy company has been working on a pilot project to develop safer and cheaper nuclear power near Beijing. But those plans recently came to a screeching halt — thanks to new regulations from the Department of Energy that restrict nuclear partnerships between America and China, according to The Wall Street Journal. In addition to back-and-forth tariffs on Chinese and American goods, the new restrictions require that any deal on nuclear technology between the two countries comes with strong assurances that it cannot be used for military purposes. Apparently Gates' company, TerraPower, couldn't make that promise, forcing it to look for a new partner nation to develop its experimental nuclear reactor. Unfortunately, the pickings are slim — and the derailed deal shows how international tensions can hurt efforts to develop next-generation technology. TerraPower is trying to build something called a Traveling-Wave Reactor, which would be capable of generating, using, and regenerating its own fuel out of depleted uranium. While this process would give rise to an era of cheaper, cleaner, and less risky nuclear power, the reactor itself would cost about $1 billion to build, the WSJ reports. That's more than many of the countries with which TerraPower is legally allowed to partner, such as Turkey and the United Arab Emirates, could be willing to invest. In a blog post wrapping up 2018, Gates wrote that he would consider bringing all of TerraPowers' operations to the U.S. but that there are too many regulatory hurdles for him to do so at the moment. "The world needs to be working on lots of solutions to stop climate change," Gates wrote. "Advanced nuclear is one, and I hope to persuade U.S. leaders to get into the game." READ MORE: Trump’s Tech Battle With China Roils Bill Gates Nuclear Venture [The Wall Street Journal] More on nuclear power: BILL GATES: U.S. LEADERS MUST EMBRACE NUCLEAR ENERGY Share This Article 
Road rage is no longer relegated to the road. In a bizarre series of events, drivers of non-electric vehicles have started verbally attacking Tesla owners at Supercharger stations while simultaneously preventing the drivers from charging their vehicles — but at least one Tesla owner has found a way to fight back. According to a pair of Electrek stories, at least twice since December 24 pickup truck drivers have parked their vehicles in front of Tesla Superchargers at a location in Hickory, North Carolina. This blocking of an electric vehicle (EV) charger by a non-EV vehicle is nothing new — it even has a name: ICEing, a verb form of the acronym for "internal combustion engine" — but it's usually the result of someone wanting to use a parking spot and not caring that it's supposed to be reserved for EVs. That doesn't seem to be the case here, given that the truck drivers reportedly chanted "fuck Tesla" and shouted other profanities at the EV drivers while ICEing the Tesla Superchargers. At least one Tesla driver has taken it upon himself to find a way to fight back against these protests. In a clip published to YouTube on Tuesday, video podcaster Patrick Lawson conducted a "Tesla Supercharger De-ICEing Experiment" using his Model X and his sister's 5,104 pound Chevy Silverado. Even with the truck's emergency brake engaged, the Tesla was easily able to tow the vehicle from its position in front of a Supercharger. Of course, we are in no way advocating that Tesla drivers actually do what Lawson demonstrates — if they witness an ICEing in progress, they might want to consider reporting the situation to the Supercharger site manager or to Tesla via its customer service number in lieu of potentially escalating the situation by busting out their tow cables. It's hard to say for sure what's going on in the minds of the truck owners blocking the Tesla Superchargers, but based on the aggression they've displayed, the "protests" seemed designed to intimidate Tesla owners. As for why they might want to do that, who knows? It could come down to some sort of primal us-versus-them mentality. Maybe it's how they've chosen to express their grief at the coming end of the ICE vehicle era. Or perhaps the truck drivers are just good old-fashioned Elon Musk haters, and since they can't spew their vitriol at the man himself, his customers will have to do. Speculation aside, the whole situation is ironic given that EV drivers actually do have a very obvious reason to be upset with drivers of ICE vehicles. After all, each time they start their engines, they're pumping more climate-destroying greenhouse gases into the air we all have to breathe. But they probably don't want to hear that. READ MORE: Anti-Tesla Pickup Truck Drivers Take Over a Supercharger Station Again [Electrek] More on ICE vehicles: Demand for Combustion Engine Cars May Have Peaked in 2018 Share This Article 
HP has released two new 3D printer models, the Jet Fusion 3200 and Jet Fusion 4200—their first products on the market since the company entered the 3D printing arena in 2014. These high-end printers do not need lasers (like most rivals in their range) and will be available by the end of the year. Not only will the printers be able to print at half the cost and ten times the speed of other printers on the market, but to top it all off, they can produce sharp, fine, high-definition edges. “I will be, again, pushing the limits of 3D printing as we know today---with performance, with cost, with voxel-by-voxel (volumetric pixel) control,” says Ramon Pastor, Vice President and General Manager of HP's 3D Printing Business. For their medium, HP uses thin layers of powder and adds a chemical agent. With their technology, they can control thermal conductivity in order to modify how parts are fused, making it possible to create high-resolution parts. To see how HP’s Multi Jet Fusion technology works, watch this video: HP is perfecting the technology with the help of industry leaders from the manufacturing, automobile, and consumer goods industries with the aim to deliver voxel-method 3D printing systems that will enable consumers to not only build superior quality prototypes, but to perform small-scale production as well. Sources note that the 3D printers could very well revolutionize 3D printing, as they will be able to print electronics in the parts they create through the use of conductive materials that are printed at the voxel level. Notably, the printers have a print area or a print bin of 16-in. x 12-in. x 16-in. Within that area, there are 2.4 teravoxels (a teravoxel is a trillion voxels). HP is also collaborating with materials companies to offer a wide array of substances for use with their printers, ranging from high-performance thermoplastics to low-cost commodity plastics. The first generation models can only print in one color, but HP intends to bridge that deficiency. At the moment, HP’s 3D printers are aimed at manufacturers and not consumers, as the entry level Jet Fusion 3200 comes with a $130,000 price tag. While the Jet Fusion 4200’s price has not been announced yet, it would be presumably more expensive than the 3200. On a commercial level, however, this cost, on top of its production speed (340 million voxels per second) and superior capability, takes HP to an unparalleled advantage over its rivals as of date. Share This Article 
Ever have trouble putting a name to a face? The creators of SocialRecall say their app uses facial recognition to scan people you've met before — or even strangers at an event — and tell you their names. It's a bold vision of a future in which facial recognition provides contextual information about the people around you — but also an inflection point in the mainstream deployment of a technology that troubles privacy advocates. There are two versions of the app, according to Scientific American. In one version, a user upload selfies that SocialRecall then uses to identify the person for other app users within the bounds of a specific geographic area, such an event venue. Another version is designed for users with prosopagnosia, better known as face blindness. That version lets a user tag images of their own friends so that the app can remind them of their names on the fly. SocialRecall says it deletes obsolete user data on the event version of the app, and that data for the other version is only stored on a user's phone. But privacy experts are still concerned that the app represents a mainstream rollout of technology that could have profound implications for the future of public spaces — and that it's difficult to adequately inform users about the long-term risks of a technology that's still so new. "The cost to everyone whom you are surveilling with this app is very, very high," New York University law professor Jason Schultz told Scientific American, "and I don't think it respects the consent politics involved with capturing people's images." READ MORE: New App Helps People Remember Faces [Scientific American] More on facial recognition: Microsoft President Warns of “1984” Facial Recognition Future Share This Article 
So much time is lost in transit, from spending hours in line at airport security to getting stuck in traffic. But Toronto-based design studio Aprilli has cooked up a futuristic solution that could turn those lost hours into valuable time. The firm's "Autonomous Travel Suite" concept combines the ease and comfort of a hotel room with the power of autonomous driving. Think of it as an ultra-deluxe Uber that you can sleep, work and eat in while you travel — not to mention a bold vision of the future of transportation. The autonomous pod is a full-fledged transportation solution that is "equipped with the basic sleeping, working, and washroom facilities, allowing the guests to use their travel time more efficiently and productively," according to Aprilli's site. You can summon it with an app, and Aprilli sees the Autonomous Travel Suite to be part of a much bigger "network of hotel facilities" where individual pods can dock to offer clients even more amenities. In an explainer video, for instance, you can watch the pod connect to a "parent suite" inside a circular "hotel" that turns the simple travel suite into a much bigger "upscale integrated unit" that includes a washroom and living space. Needless to say, it's an ambitious idea — we haven't even figured out how to get autonomous vehicles to reliably share the road with human drivers. And it's not an entirely unique idea, either. Other companies like IKEA envision the future of autonomous vehicles as not just hotel suites: their SPACE10 concepts revealed in September include visions of a self-driving mini-greenhouse and a pop-up shop. Nonetheless, Aprilli's concept is a promising idea that could shift the whole paradigm of travel — and make some of the most bothersome hours of travel convenient, comfortable, and efficient. READ MORE: Self-driving hotel room comes to you like an Uber [CNET] More on autonomous concepts: This Futuristic Audi Concept Transforms Itself Into a Flying Taxi Share This Article 
In a world's first, Chinese lunar probe Chang'e-4 just touched down on the far side of the Moon, the side that always faces away from the Earth. The probe landed near the lunar South Pole in the Aitken basin. After touchdown, Chang'e-4 took a picture and sent it back to Earth via a relay satellite that was launched in June 2018 — signalling a huge win for China's space exploration ambitions. The far side of the moon is pockmarked by large craters and rugged, mountainous terrain, making the landing far more difficult than on the near side. Chang'e-4 launched on December 7 from the Xichang Satellite Launch Centre, and entered lunar orbit five days later. The probe will make its way to the Von Kármán crater — an impact crater 1,550 miles (2,500 km) across —  inside the Aitken basin. Chang'e-4 will collect rock samples and compare them to samples taken from the other side of the Moon. It's also carrying a tiny biosphere containing Earthly species ranging from potato to the fruit fly, and will report on its progress. And most fundamentally, it shows that China's space program is committed to — and capable of — exploring entirely new territories in the Solar System. READ MORE: Far side of the moon: China's Chang'e 4 probe makes historic touchdown [The Guardian] More on Chang'e-4: China’s Moon Lander Just Entered Lunar Orbit Share This Article 
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) just gave Google permission to continue developing Project Soli, the company's radar-based sensors that let people control gadgets without touching them. Project Soli began in 2015, when the tech giant made claims about the tech that sounded like interfaces from "Minority Report," which would turn up music volume when someone rotated their wrist, or zoom in on a picture when they separated two fingers from each other. Now the project has cleared a major regulatory hurdle, according to The Verge, paving the way, potentially, for next-gen gesture interfaces. The actual technology, as it was built back in 2015 onward, left a lot to be desired, missing or failing to respond to many gestures. The problem seemed to be the strength of the radar itself, so Google pursued developing higher-powered radar, according to The Verge. But FCC regulations stood in the way. Worse yet, rival tech giant Facebook raised concerns that the higher-powered radar signals would interfere with other technologies. Now the FCC has cleared the tech to proceed. The FCC's ruling comes after Google struck a deal with Facebook saying that the tech company would still pursue more powerful radar technology, just not quite as powerful as it originally wanted. Google is free to improve the long-stagnant project, which could be a game-changer for people with fine motor control impairments. Because this is such recent news, Google has not yet commented on how it plans to develop Project Soli, The Verge reports. The most obvious use for this hands-off technology, aside from being able to wave your arm and control your smart gadgets from across the room like some sci-fi astronaut, is for people who struggle with the tiny screens and controls on things like smartwatches and other wearables. If the touch-free sensors do take off, a lot of people will suddenly have access to new gadgets and tools that they hadn’t been able to use for one reason or another, and life could become a lot easier as a result. READ MORE: Google’s project to control gadgets with touchless hand gestures is moving forward [The Verge] More on Google: Google Wins Lawsuit Over Facial Recognition Technology Share This Article 
Right now, the position of world leader in artificial intelligence is up for grabs — but soon, it could be out of the United States's reach. At least, that's a growing concern in Silicon Valley, the nation's hub for all things tech, according to a New York Times story published on Tuesday. These industry insiders worry that proposed rules limiting or even outright banning the export of American AI services and technologies will prevent the nation from dominating the global AI industry. And that wouldn't just hurt the U.S. economy — it could also jeopardize the nation's security. On November 19, the U.S. Department of Commerce published a proposal listing various types of AI software that it thinks could benefit from export restrictions. These restrictions could be anything from the need for a company to obtain a license before selling the tech to other countries to an outright ban on sales to certain nations. According to the proposal, the purpose of the restrictions would be to bolster the U.S.'s national security — after all, AI has many potential military uses, so why would the U.S. want to put that technology in the hands of nations such as China or North Korea? Silicon Valley opposes these AI export restrictions for a few reasons, according to the NYT's story. Perhaps most obviously, they could hurt American companies and help foreign ones. By limiting where companies such as Amazon and Google could sell their AI services, the restrictions would damage those companies' bottom lines. They'll also leave open a market gap that other nations, such as China, could fill. The restrictions might not actually prevent other nations from getting the fundamental research at the core of the latest technologies, either — in computer science and AI, experts share much of their work for free via online repositories such as arXiv.org. Finally, Silicon Valley has been the dominant force in technology over the past couple of decades partially because many of the brightest minds from across the globe want to work there. If the U.S. moves forward with its proposed AI export restrictions, it might actually deter experts from choosing to work in America. "It might be easier for people to just do this stuff in Europe," international trade lawyer Jason Waite told the NYT. Given that "this stuff" would likely also include technologies designed to improve national security, it's easy to see how the nation's attempt to keep its citizen's safe through AI export restrictions might actually do the opposite. READ MORE: Curbs on A.I. Exports? Silicon Valley Fears Losing Its Edge [The New York Times] More on AI: U.S. Military Declares Mandate on AI: “We Want to Be the Threat” Share This Article 
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft successfully completed a flyby of the Kuiper Belt object known as Ultima Thule on Jan 1, making it the most distant object ever visited by a human spacecraft. New Horizons collected about 7 gigabytes of data during its brief flyby, including pictures, spectrometer readings, and radio signals. And now the first pieces of the puzzle are coming in. In a live stream, NASA's New Horizons spacecraft team revealed new details about Ultima Thule, a space rock that's only 23 miles (37 kilometers) across, and floating some 4.1 billion miles (6.6 kilometers) away from Earth. NASA scientists were puzzled by mysterious light signatures of the oddly-shaped space rock, but new data collected by New Horizons gives us a much clearer look: The New Horizons team also gave Ultima Thule the whimsical nickname "the Snowman," and dubbed the two halves "Ultima" and "Thule." We don't know much about why it's this shape, but we can make some educated guesses: rotating cloud of small rocks could start to spin around each other, two of which could start getting closer and closer, until they finally touch — not colliding but slowly pressing into each other — forming a "bi-lobed object," as NASA's New Horizons Co-Investigator Jeff Moore put it. "This coming together of lobes would be at an extremely slow speed," Moore said. "It'd be about maybe one or a few miles an hour — the speed at which you might park your car at a parking space." So why all this excitement about a tiny space rock only 37 kilometers across? It could help us answer some of the most fundamental questions about the creation of the solar system. "Think of New Horizons as time machine that has brought us back to the very beginning of the solar system, to a place where we can observe the most primordial building blocks of the planets," Moore said. THIS is #UltimaThule.  The image taken by @NASANewHorizons - shown in its original version (left) & sharpened version (on right) - is the most detailed image of the farthest object ever explored by a spacecraft. https://t.co/gItPsMvbPC @NASA pic.twitter.com/i7rDBURNrw — Johns Hopkins APL (@JHUAPL) January 2, 2019  READ MORE: New Horizons Successfully Explores Ultima Thule [NASA] More on Ultima Thule: New Horizons Will Fly Past the Most Distant Object We’ve Ever Visited Share This Article 
If a killer asteroid were on course to collide with the Earth, it could be a planet-scale disaster. Just look at what happened to the dinosaurs. To determine whether Earth's space agencies would have any chance of deterring that sort of catastrophe, an upcoming NASA mission will smash a probe into a distant asteroid at an astonishing 13,500 mph (21,000 kilometers per hour). If the mission is successful, it'll produce an astonishing space collision — and signal an historic breakthrough in planetary defense. NASA named the mission Double Asteroid Redirection Test, or DART — an acronym that acknowledges the delicate aim required to collide with an asteroid called Didymoon at extraordinary speed. The idea, DART team member and Johns Hopkins planetary scientist Nancy Chabot told Space.com earlier this month in December, is that the probe's extreme velocity could cause a small change in the killer 'roid's direction, sending it off course years before impact. "To do something like this, we'd also need a really long warning time; the idea of a kinetic impactor is definitely not like [the movie] 'Armageddon,' where you go up at the last hour and you know, save the Earth," Chabot said. "This is something that you would do five, 10, 15, 20 years in advance — gently nudge the asteroid so it just sails merrily on its way and doesn't impact the Earth." The current plan is to launch the DART probe in 2020 or 2021 so that it smashes into the asteroid in 2022. Several years later, a follow-up mission headed by the Italian space agency will study the damage and look for any change in the space rock's trajectory. "That's one of the big differences, is a lot of the science-driven missions seem to be focused on understanding the past of the solar system," Chabot told Space.com. "Planetary defense is really about the present solar system and what are we going to do in the present." READ MORE: Humanity Will Slam a Spacecraft into an Asteroid in a Few Years to Help Save Us All [Space.com] More on killer asteroids: Retired Astronaut: NASA Left Earth Defenseless Against Asteroids Share This Article 
University of Glasgow engineers are about to embark on a three-week journey to Antarctica where they'll study the bedrock hidden deep beneath the continent's ice sheet and try to better understand the world's changing climate. Coming with them is a light, high-power drill that will help them reach and collect those rocks — a piece of heavy machinery they originally built with UK Space Agency funding to be used by rovers digging beneath the surface of Mars. Just like flexible solar arrays, the Glasgow drill is the latest in a long line of research projects and gizmos that were built for space but ended up adding immense value to life — and science — back here on Earth. In particular, the University of Glasgow engineers built a drill that could generate enough downward force to dig in microgravity while still being small enough to pack on the long flight to Mars. Coincidentally, that also makes it small enough to lug around Antarctica during the trip, which is scheduled to begin Thursday. This upcoming mission to Antarctica is part test run and part climate study. With the help of their new drill, scientists will be able to collect samples of the rock hidden away beneath Antarctica's ice. Once those rocks are back in the lab, scientists will use them to determine how long ago the bedrock last saw the sun — helping them map out the history of Antarctica's ever-changing ice landscape. READ MORE: MARTIAN DRILL SET FOR ANTARCTIC CLIMATE MISSION [University of Glasgow] More on Antarctica: A NEW MAP OF ANTARCTICA IS DETAILED ENOUGH TO SEE A CAR PARKED ON AN ICE SHELF Share This Article 
2019 is not off to a great start for Tesla. The federal tax credit U.S. customers receive for buying one of Tesla's electric vehicles (EVs) dropped from $7,500 to $3,750 on Tuesday. To compensate, Tesla cut the price of all its vehicles by $2,000. While the move may please customers, shareholders are apparently less than thrilled: Tesla's stock fell by more than 9 percent Wednesday morning — a sign that Tesla could be in for another tumultuous year. Based on the state of Tesla's stock, one might think 2018 ended terribly for the company, but it actually had a solid fourth quarter. According to a press release, Tesla produced 86,555 EVs and delivered 90,700 in Q4 — an 8 percent increase over the company's previous records in both categories. And the year as a whole went well, too. Tesla delivered more than 350,000 EVs in 2018, a nearly three-fold increase over the previous year, prompting the company to note in the press release that its "achievements in 2018 likely represent the biggest single-year growth in the history of the automotive industry." The issue is that, while these figures do show positive growth, investors were expecting more. "Tesla disappointed the market," Frank Schwope, an analyst with NORD/LB, told Reuters. "The deliveries are below our estimates and the consensus estimates." The price cut is also an issue for investors, according to Craig Irwin, an analyst with Roth Capital Partners. With it, Tesla confirmed that it relied at least partially on that $7,500 credit to encourage sales — and that's not something investors want to hear. "The price cut is what’s driving the stock lower," he told Reuters, "as it openly acknowledges the sunset of subsidy dollars is a material headwind." Ultimately, Tesla is just two days into 2019, and Schwope is already predicting another rough year ahead: "I don’t expect that Tesla operates in the black in 2019." READ MORE: Tesla Shares Dive After Price Cut, Production Numbers [Reuters] More on Tesla: The Tesla Tax Credit Is Going Away, but Elon Musk Has It Covered Share This Article 
Every unprofitable coal mine in the European Union must cease production by the first day of 2019, the date on which all public funds for the mines will come to an end. In Spain, that means that 26 coal mines are about to close up shop, according to Reuters. This move away from coal is a refreshing bit of bluntness — letting the failed remnants of a fossil fuel industry fade away — compared to how the federal government in the U.S. is grasping at anything to keep coal alive. But it remains to be seen how much of an impact the coal closures will have in the ongoing effort to curb climate change. The deadline was set back in 2010 as the EU sought to move away from fossil fuel dependence, according to Telesur. The EU wanted to end public aid to coal mines sooner, but groups from Germany — which shuttered its last coal mine earlier this month — and Spain are responsible for extending the deadline all the way to the end of 2018. Spain has already decreased the portion of its electricity generated by coal down to about 14 percent, according to United Press International. And 90 percent of the coal burned in Spain is imported from Russia and Colombia anyway. Still, the deal that Spain struck with the EU dictates that nine of the 15 coal-burning plants in Spain must close by 2020, according to Telesur. That on its own is huge news for the transition to cleaner power, and marks a clear sign that major world powers are taking their responsibility to help prevent our impending climate change catastrophe seriously. Once again in stark contrast to the U.S., where coal miners in Appalachia face a weak job market with few prospects, Spain's socialist government — largely supported by coal mining communities — made a deal with mining union in October to ensure that displaced workers will be taken care of, according to Reuters. About 60 percent of the people who worked in closing mines are expected to take advantage of an early retirement offer, while others have access to the 250 million euros that the government is making available to help launch new businesses or repurpose the land around the coal mines. The headline of this story has been updated. READ MORE: Spanish coal miners work last shifts before mines shuttered [Reuters] More on coal: More Than 40 Percent of the World’s Coal Plants Lose Money Share This Article 
