As if things weren’t going to be tough enough for future space colonists, experts now say that they’re likely going to face food troubles — and that might just turn them into cannibals.  Charles Cockell, professor of astrobiology at Edinburgh University, spoke to Metro about the challenges astronauts will face if and when humans attempt to colonize places such as Jupiter’s moon Callisto and Saturn’s moon Titan.  Specifically, Cockell stressed that if the farming and crop systems failed, the colonizers would likely face very dire consequences unless they received regular supplies from Earth. If they’re far away enough — or if Earth collapses completely — this might not be possible.  To underscore his point, he pointed to Sir John Franklin’s 1845 exploration of the Arctic that resulted in the crew cannibalising each other.  "Franklin’s crew tried to find the north-west passage on ships in the late 19th century — they were the most sophisticated pieces of technology available at that time," Cockell said. "They had tinned food, which was the new technology — and yet, they got lost, stranded and they ended up degenerating into cannibalism." "If you put a group of people on Callisto, things start going wrong and the plant growth module breaks down, they are going to eat each other if there is no other way to survive," he later added. While this might seem like a fairly bleak prediction, Cockell’s message actually serves more as a warning. The crop systems would need to be tested and refined on places like the Moon and Mars before colonizers are yeeted off into the far reaches of space.  Only after adequate testing can we be certain that colonizers won’t have to do their best Donner Party impression to survive.  "If you are going to dump 20 people several hundred million kilometers away from the Earth in an instantaneously lethal environment on a moon, you better be sure that is going to work because if it doesn’t it is going to fall apart quite quickly," he said.  READ MORE: Humans would probably start eating each other in space [Metro] More on space colonization: Simulated Mars Base Got Kinda Rebellious, Worrying Scientists Share This Article 
The world's newest space telescope, decades in the making, is supposedly going to take off on Christmas Day — and you best believe the internet has something to say about it. NASA announced yesterday that the uber-expensive James Webb Space Telescope — controversially named after the former NASA administrator who also helped purge gays from the State Department — should be cleared for liftoff on December 25. As space-watchers' anticipation reaches a fever pitch, so too have the memes been flowing. Here's some of our favs: Good luck and Godspeed JWST! pic.twitter.com/wA4mWgmRby — Daylight ⚛️ (@Daylight44492) December 15, 2021  Posted on one of the dates the JWST was supposed to be launched, this cute little illustration feels like a double entendre because of Webb's homophobia. It might not have been enough to get NASA to rename the successor to the Hubble, but it sure did make this astrophysics fanart even more satisfying.  Referencing both the "photography is my passion"-ass photo NASA used to announce that it was delaying the launch of the JWST for the third time in six weeks and those launch delays themselves, this meme is meta, a primary flavor enjoyed by space nerds. Speak Now (2010) pic.twitter.com/jVQvdAAhQz — Katie Melbourne (@katiemel25) December 15, 2021  This crossover meme takes the lengthy timeline of the JWST's development and mashes it up with the pan-Twitter trend of threading random things that ostensibly "look like" usually-female celebrities. To their credit, this user was very thorough and saw it all the way through. 6:58 pm eastern - NASA posts JWST launch delay on twitter me at outreach event that started at 7:00 pm blissfully unaware:#JWSTLaunchMemes pic.twitter.com/mE20gqEmd0 — Erin M. May, PhD (@_astronomay) December 15, 2021  Because the JWST schedule has been repeatedly "slipped" — NASA parlance for delayed — this one speaks for itself, and is even funnier to see on yet another missed scheduled launched day. If the telescope does, in fact, end up being launched on Christmas, it will invariably be a gift to humankind — but there's no reason memers can't have a little fun with it. More on JWST: Scientists Are “Terrified” of NASA's James Webb Telescope Launch Share This Article 
Tesla CEO Elon Musk revealed today why he supports alternative cryptocurrency Dogecoin — and isn't a huge fan of Bitcoin. "My goal is to build stuff and make money and have fun," Dogecoin cofounder Billy Markus wrote in a tweet on Thursday. "I’m used to the corporate establishment and don’t really see any meaningful break away from it — Bitcoin just gives power to new rich people." And that's precisely "why I'm pro doge," Musk replied on Twitter. There's a major debate raging online on whether blockchain — the potential driver of Web3 — and Bitcoin are truly decentralized or actually being governed from the shadows by a small group of individuals and corporations. Ex-Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey recently joined Musk in an anti-Web3 tirade on Twitter, arguing that "you don’t own 'web3.' The VCs and their LPs do. It will never escape their incentives. It’s ultimately a centralized entity with a different label." Musk piled own. "Has anyone seen web3?” he wrote in a mocking reply tweet. "I can’t find it." The backlash from Dorsey's comments was almost immediate, with a number of high profile crypto investors unfollowing him on the platform. But Markus, Musk, and Dorsey may have a point. Bitcoin in particular isn't all that decentralized, according to a recent study by the National Bureau of Economic Research, which showed that the top 10,000 bitcoin holders — the token's "one percent," as The Wall Street Journal put it —  hold 5 million bitcoin, worth a staggering $232 billion. For those keeping score, that's 0.01 percent of all users holding 27 percent of the supply. Dorsey's comments were also met by fierce backlash from the Ethereum community after he implied the token wasn't "truly secure and resilient" in a tweet on Tuesday. "I’m not anti ETH," the former Twitter CEO reiterated in a tweet two days later. "I’m anti-centralized, VC-owned, single point of failure, and corporate controlled lies." "If your goal is anti establishment, I promise you it isn’t Ethereum," he added. "Don’t believe or trust me! Just look at the fundamentals." Unlike Ethereum and Bitcoin, Dogecoin is a bit of an oddball, a token that started as a joke. And to Musk, that's the appealing part. Musk has been one of the biggest buyers of crypto, with his electric car company Tesla investing some $1.5 billion in the currency earlier this year. Subsequent flip-flopping on his opinion of the token sent Bitcoin soaring — and eventually imploding — this year. He also has had tremendous influence on the price of Dogecoin, sending it on an even rockier rollercoaster. In other words, regardless of his outsider rhetoric, Musk is the establishment when it comes to Bitcoin and Dogecoin. The billionaire CEO however has repeatedly warned that it's not a serious way of investing money. "The point was that Dogecoin was invented as a joke, as essentially to make fun of cryptocurrency," he told paparazzi back in May, "and that’s why... I think there’s an argument that the most entertaining outcome is the most like ‘what would be the most ironic outcome?'" The debate over whether crypto truly represents decentralization and anti-establishment will likely rage on for a while longer, with the likes of Musk or Dorsey's comments leading the narrative — while also determining the shortterm fate of markets. What effect their tweets will have on the future of Web3, a utopian vision of the next internet, is even less certain. More on the saga: In Anti-Blockchain Twist, Elon Musk Slams Web3 as “Marketing Buzzword” Share This Article 
A box full of untraceable cash sat collecting dust in the unused office of a New York City physics professor for the better part of a year, with the intended recipient none the wiser. As The New York Times reports, this story straight out of a Christmas movie actually happened to Vinod Menon, the chairs of the Physics Department at the City College of New York in Harlem. Because he'd been teaching remotely since March 2020, Menon hadn't been back to his office since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic and, as such, hadn't checked his mail in over a year by the start of this year's fall semester. It was a shock, Menon told the Times, when he opened the box — which was so heavy that it required $90 worth of postage — to find it filled with banded stacks of $50 and $100 bills totaling $180,000. According to a note left by the pseudonymous "Kyle Paisley" that was dated November 10, 2020, the donation was meant for needy physics students pay their tuitions. Paisley claimed they were a scientist and alumnus of City College's famed physics department. As the Times noted, that would put them in good company — the program has spawned three Nobel laureates  including the pioneering nuclear physicist Robert Hofstadter, and hosted Albert Einstein for one of his first addresses given in the United States. Because of the peculiar nature of the donation, a search was convened to find Paisley and the cash was "treated like evidence," with the school going so far as to contact federal authorities to make sure the money wasn't from the mob or any other criminal enterprise. The cash was clean and had, per federal investigators, been withdrawn from banks around Maryland during the past several years. The return address was an extant house in Pensacola, Florida, but the person that lived there wasn't affiliated with anyone named Kyle Paisley nor City College, and the school determined that nobody by that name had ever attended the university. The money's fate hung in the balance until earlier this month, when the board of trustees for the City University of New York — the huge public university system of which City College was the founding school — voted formally to accept the donation in spite of its unusual method of delivery. City College's tuition is, compared to the outrageous sums charged at private and even some public universities, quite inexpensive, with undergraduate tuition running about $7,500 a year. Because of the size of the mysterious donation, Menon told the Times that $180,000 will cover two full scholarships per year for more than 10 years, which will likely carry some form of charity work so that students may "give back in some way." Anonymous donations aren't unheard of, but to do so in such a flashy way — and in the middle of a pandemic that screwed up universities so badly that the "regular, everyday package" in which it was sent went untouched for nearly nine months — has certainly caused a splash. It's unclear why anyone would take such pains to conceal their identity when donating to such a worthy cause, but then again, physicists aren't exactly known for their practicality. READ MORE: A Box of Cash, a Secret Donor and a Big Lift for Some N.Y.C. Students [The New York Times] More mysterious physics: Scientists Claim to Entangle Entire Animal in Quantum State Share This Article 
A team of researchers from Europe and Asia claim to have quantum entangled frozen tardigrades, microscopic animals that are extremely hardy and can withstand practically any conditions or abuse. According to a new controversial preprint, the researchers managed the feat by placing frozen tardigrades between two capacitor plates of a superconductor circuit to form a qubit, the quantum equivalent of a bit. Upon contact, they say, the tardigrade changed the qubit's frequency. They then placed this circuit in the vicinity of a second superconductor circuit. Lo and behold, the team observed that the frequency of both qubits and the tardigrade changed in tandem. As a refresher, quantum entanglement occurs when subatomic particles interact with each other despite despite being apart from each other, a process Albert Einstein nicknamed "spooky action at a distance." It's worth noting that the results, which have yet to be peer reviewed, are already being called into question by other physicists, Live Science reports, so we will have to take their results with a healthy dose of salt. "The qubit is an electrical circuit and putting the tardigrade next to it affects it through the laws of electromagnetism we've known about for more than 150 years," science writer and physicist Ben Brubaker tweeted in response to the preprint. "Putting a speck of dust next to the qubit would have a similar effect," he added. Douglas Natelson, Department Chair of physics and astronomy at Rice University in Texas, agrees. "This is not entanglement in any meaningful sense," he wrote in a recent blog post titled "no, a tardigrade was not meaningfully entangled with a qubit." "What the authors did here was put a tardigrade on top of the capacitive parts of one of two coupled qubits," Natelson wrote in the blog. "The tardigrade is mostly (frozen) water, and here it acts like a dielectric, shifting the resonance frequency of the one qubit that it sat on." "This is not entanglement in any meaningful sense," he concluded. But the scientists behind the research think they're onto something. "Our present investigation is perhaps the closest realization combining biological matter and quantum matter available with present-day technology," the researchers write in their paper. "While one might expect similar physical results from inanimate object with similar composition to the tardigrade, we emphasize that entanglement is observed with entire organism that retains its biological functionality post experiment." In case you were wondering, only one of the three tardigrades — which were harvested from a roof gutter in Denmark no less — survived the ordeal, upon being warmed back up 17 days after the experiment. READ MORE: Frozen tardigrade becomes first 'quantum entangled' animal in history, researchers claim [Live Science] More on tardigrades: Scientists Loaded Tiny Organisms Into a Gun and Shot Them At Targets Share This Article 
On December 2, 1990, NASA's Space Shuttle Columbia launched from Cape Canaveral with a special payload on board: four different telescopes capable of peering at distant and unique astronomical targets. The four telescopes, three that detected ultraviolet rays one that observed X-rays, never made it back into space despite making 231 observations of 130 unique astronomical targets. While three of them have subsequently been put on display at the National Air and Space Museum, the fourth, dubbed the Broad Band X-Ray Telescope (BBXRT), was snatched up by a keen collector back in 2003 at an auction put on by NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. And now, in a strange twist, it's landed on Craigslist with a price tag of a hefty $10 million. "Can ship worldwide (no export restriction) in standard sea container," reads the listing. The telescope is one of a countless number of precious NASA artifacts that have ended up in the hands of private individuals — many of whom have successfully resold them for millions of dollars. For instance, a long lost bag used by Neil Armstrong to collect samples during the Apollo 11 mission in 1969 got snatched up for almost $2 million at an auction back in 2017. Almost two decades after buying the BBXRT telescope, collector John Urciolo, CEO of a Potomac, Maryland-based aerospace contracting company, has been trying to offload the 1,800 pound slab of aerospace grade aluminum, electronics, and glass. But he's in no hurry, as he told Futurism over the phone in a conversation that he specified we were not allowed to quote directly. Finding a fellow collector with $10 million to spare and access to an 18-wheeler can take time, if not over a decade. For the last 18 years, the massive telescope has been carefully stored inside a shipping container mounted to a custom-made dolly, awaiting its new owner. According to Urciolo's Craigslist post, the BBXRT remains the "largest flown space artifact privately owned," costing NASA an eyewatering $40 million to construct back in the day. After eBay — which is still one of the most popular places to sell precious space artifacts — changed its policies largely in favor of the buyer, Urciolo decided he'd had enough. That was when he turned to Craigslist, where he told Futurism he's gotten over a dozen replies. While none of them have led to a successful sale of the BBXRT, Urciolo remains hopeful. He even told Futurism we were welcome to publish his phone number and email address, presumably to improve his chances of selling the telescope once and for all. But we'll have to decline, and you can find those on Craigslist anyway. "Please call me to schedule viewing and any additional particulars," Urciolo wrote in his Craigslist ad. "Will accept partial payment plus acceptable trade." More on NASA artifacts: Own a Piece of the Apollo 13 Moon Mission for a Ridiculously Low Price Share This Article 
Remember when Elon Musk said he was gonna sell all his property to live in a little box? Yeah, turns out that was a stretch, to say the least. As The Wall Street Journal reports, the SpaceX and Tesla CEO has quietly been living in a friend's waterfront estate in Austin that a few years ago was listed as the most expensive house in the Texas capitol — and has been mansion-hunting with multiple real estate agents, to boot. If the WSJ's anonymous sources are to be believed, it would counter Musk's boastful minimalist narrative that began with him announcing in 2020 that he was going to sell the bulk of his worldly goods to live a simpler life, and ended with him selling off his final house to live in a glorified trailer near SpaceX's South Texas Starbase. According to these "people familiar with the matter," though, Musk has actually been spending considerable time living in a house owned by billionaire Ken Howery, the cofounder of PayPal and erstwhile Trump ambassador to Sweden. Musk and Howery, the WSJ noted, were chief among the members of the so-called "PayPal mafia," along with the other PayPal cofounder, Peter Thiel. Though the report doesn't give the address of the modern waterside mansion, a bit of Google sleuthing suggests that in 2018, Howery purchased what was then the most expensive house in Austin — a six-bedroom and seven-bathroom modernist monstrosity on the Colorado River that sits on its own little peninsula and sold at the time for a cool $12 million. Beyond the huge-if-true implications that Musk was totally bullshitting when he said he was gonna recede from the materialist world, the WSJ report also reveals that Musk is registered to vote at a modest home near Starbase — not the prefabricated $50K box in which he's supposedly slumming it. Musk is so deeply engaged in his search for an Austin "trophy property," the WSJ claims, that he's so far dealt with several real estate agents, toured some houses in person, and has a team of advisers contacting brokers as he attempts to buy a large swath of land that's not even on the market. It shouldn't be a big deal that the world's richest man is trying to buy a multi-million dollar mansion — but when said megabillionaire insists on a seemingly false narrative of minimalism, that makes it a headline. READ MORE: Elon Musk Says He Lives in a $50,000 House. He Doesn’t Talk About the Austin Mansion. [The Wall Street Journal] More Muskiness: There's a Huge “Active Outbreak” of COVID-19 at SpaceX HQ Share This Article 
In a new interview with conservative satire website The Babylon Bee, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk took a stab at the concept of the Metaverse, the quirky virtual world Facebook-now-known-as-Meta says will supplant our boring two-dimensional screens. "Am I like one of those people who was dismissing the internet [in] '95 as some fad or something that’s never going to amount to anything?" Musk asked the site. "Sure you can put a TV on your nose," he added derisively. "I’m not sure that makes you 'in the metaverse.'" Musk, for one, is certainly not compelled by the idea of "strapping a frigging screen to their face all day and not wanting to ever leave." "That seems... no way," he said in the interview. "It gets uncomfortable to have this thing strapped to your head the whole time," he added. "I think we're far from disappearing into the metaverse." Musk also offered what he sees as a far better alternative: a chip surgically implanted in your brain, courtesy of the brain-computer interface company Neuralink he co-founded. "Long term, a sophisticated Neuralink could put you fully, fully in a virtual reality thing," he said. Meta, formerly known as Facebook, has made a huge VR push as of late, selling its Metaverse as a more meaningful way of connecting with others via a VR headset. But even the company's own vice president for global affairs and communications Nick Clegg recently admitted the experience is still lacking. "If I’m lifting my head, it’s because I’m drinking my coffee and this wretched headset is too bulky for me to drink my coffee without moving my headset," Clegg told the Financial Times in a recent interview. Musk also took aim at Web3, the concept of democratizing the internet by rebuilding it around the blockchain. He described Web3 in his Babylon Bee interview as "more marketing than reality." "I don't get it," he added dismissively. "But I don't get it yet, let's put it that way." But Musk stopped short from condemning the idea of the metaverse or Web3 outright. He argued there is "a danger" of not being able to "see a compelling metaverse situation," comparing his perspective to David Letterman tearing apart the idea of the internet in a 1995 interview with Bill Gates, a video of which he shared earlier this week. Whether the idea of the Metaverse will eventually take off or die as a fad is anything but certain. Besides, Musk has been wrong before. While VR technologies have come a long way, they're still far from mainstream — nevermind reaching even close to the number of people Facebook's social media platform can. But will a surgically implanted brain chip convince enough customers if VR headsets fail? That's arguably an even bigger stretch. READ MORE: Elon Musk: metaverse isn’t ‘compelling’ and Web3 ‘more marketing than reality’ [The Verge] More on metaverse: Sexual Assault Is Already Happening in the Metaverse Share This Article 
Researchers made a huge splash last year when they announced the discovery of significant sources of phosphine in the atmosphere of Venus. The colorless and odorless gas, they claimed at the time, could be a possible sign of life, as it's often the result of organic matter breaking down here on Earth. The hypothesis remains a bit of a stretch: that clouds in the planet's thick, carbon dioxide-filled atmosphere could harbor lifeforms that also happen to be resistant to the incredibly caustic droplets of sulfuric acid surrounding them. And indeed, other scientists have also thrown cold water on the hypothesis, calling out the possibility of a processing error that throws the data itself into question. But now, a new study is giving new life to the tantalizing theory. Sulfuric acid, MIT scientists say, could be neutralized by the presence of ammonia, which astronomers also suspect to be present in the planet's atmosphere thanks to the Venera 8 and Pioneer Venus probe missions in the 1970s. Ammonia would set off a long chain of chemical reactions, they say, that could turn Venus' clouds into a hospitable place. In short, "life could be making its own environment on Venus," the researchers write in their paper, which was accepted into the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. "Our model therefore predicts that the clouds are more habitable than previously thought, and may be inhabited," the researchers conclude. The ammonia gas itself could be the result of biological processes, the authors suggest, instead of lightning or volcanic eruptions, as has been suggested in previous research. "There are very acidic environments on Earth where life does live, but it’s nothing like the environment on Venus ­— unless life is neutralizing some of those droplets," co-author Sara Seager, a planetary sciences professor at MIT, said in a press release. It's an intriguing conclusion — but nothing short of sending a probe into Venus' atmosphere will convincingly confirm the tantalizing hypothesis. Fortunately, both NASA and the European Space Agency are planning to send their own respective spacecraft to our closest planetary neighbor within the next ten to 15 years. So hopefully some answers will finally be on the way. READ MORE: Could acid-neutralizing life-forms make habitable pockets in Venus’ clouds? [MIT News] More on Venus: Awesome Video Shows Spacecraft Whipping Past Brightly-Lit Venus Share This Article 
You know the old saying: the only thing constant is change. But we'd wager most people don't think that line applies to the actual rules of the universe itself. As it turns out, though, researchers at Microsoft, along with scientists at Brown University and even one expert who consulted for Disney's "Wrinkle in Time" think the laws of physics might actually be slowly changing, complicating our quest to understand the cosmos. Popular Mechanics published a lengthy explainer this week about a paper, titled "The Autodidactic Universe" and published earlier this year, in which the team argued for that precise mind-bending hypothesis. An autodidact, of course, is someone who learns without a mentor or teacher — and, these researchers say, the universe itself may be one. "We ask whether there might be a mechanism woven into the fabric of the natural world, by means of which the universe could learn its laws," the authors wrote in the paper, which has not yet been peer reviewed. Over time, the theory goes, the universe has sought stability. PopMech draws parallels to animal evolution, too. There are no trilobites or dinosaurs anymore, but cats and dogs have survived because they adapted to the environment around them — and the cosmos may have done the same. In an early version of the universe, for example, Newton's laws of gravity — that all matter in the universe attracts other matter with a force directly proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between their centers — might not have been true yet. "Over time, that system will teach itself, and some fundamental laws will arise, and that's really what they're talking about [in the paper]," Janna Levin, a professor of physics and astronomy at Barnard College of Columbia University who wasn't involved in the research, told PopMech. "If the universe can compute with a given set of algorithms, then maybe it can do the same kind of thing we see in artificial intelligence, where you have self-learning systems that teach themselves new rules. And by rules, in cosmology we mean laws of physics." The paper's authors also acknowledge their own skepticism and wrote their conclusions with caution, warning that their work is only a baby step in the formation of a new theory and requires additional research. "Of course, this is just a first step," the authors write. "There are varied potential spin-offs from our approach." It's mind-bending to imagine that the laws of physics might learn and adapt over time. But it reminds us that the universe is stranger than we'll ever know. More on the wide world: Here's Everything You Wanted to Know About the Cosmos Share This Article 
Russian journalist Dmitry Popov published a scathing and surprisingly transparent takedown of the Russian space program, Roscosmos, in the state-aligned paper MK this week. In a country that regularly perpetuates police violence and oppressive criminal charges against journalists, it's unusual to see such a damning report in a state-aligned paper. As spotted by Ars Technica, the story is evocatively headlined "The Space Program Is Rotting from Within," and details missed deadlines, unsafe equipment, and malfunctions, as well as corruption and embezzlement, at Roscosmos, Russia's space program. "Because Roscosmos is exercising, shall we say, not-so-strict control over execution of defense contracts by its daughter companies," Popov wrote, according to Ars' translation. "In March 2020, Dmitriy Olegovich Rogozin approved the relevant procedural regulations to exercise control over execution of Defense Ministry contracts by subordinate organizations of the State Corporation. However an audit showed that his subordinates are in no hurry to comply with procedures...Where appropriate controls are insufficient, fraud and abuse are inevitable." Ars reports that the Khrunichev Center agreed to produce 10 booster cores for the Angara A5 rocket five years ago, the first five of which were delivered only this year, with the other five not even finished yet. Popov reports that Roscosmos is struggling to produce the Soyuz rockets and Progress spacecraft, mainstay vehicles of the space program. In addition, some chemicals required for space travel can't be created in Russia. They have to be delivered from Germany, but those international deliveries are affected by sanctions against the Russian Federation and could, as Popov wrote, stopped "with a single keystroke." It's clear that Russia's space program is crumbling and riddled with corruption and a lack of trained and reliable employees. Much of the money spent on salaries goes to high falutin' technocrats who are paid the equivalent of hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. Meanwhile the workers who actually create rockets and produce products hardly make enough to get by. All these allegations are concerning, especially if Russia hopes to stay in the space game, but of equal concern is Popov's safety in the near future. Human Rights Watch published a report in April that found the free press in Russia in still under blatant attack, so much so that the government brought criminal charges against a university's student paper and its writers. During protests this year, police also detained 10 journalists even though they complied with requirements of wearing vests, badges and confirmation they were on an assignment. So far, the Russian government hasn't responded to Popov's article. But it's certain to get the attention of President Vladimir Putin, a man not exactly known for kindness to political opponents and truth-tellers. More on Russian space problems: Russia Mocked SpaceX. Now It's Reserved a Seat for a Cosmonaut  Share This Article 
Nick Clegg, Facebook's vice president for global affairs and communications, isn't impressed with the design of the company's Quest virtual reality headset. In a recent interview with the Financial Times, Clegg had a hard time drinking his coffee while wearing the headset — with hilarious consequences, as a clip shared by the publication's Henry Mance shows. The head of Clegg's VR avatar snapped back unnaturally, the consequence of having to lift his VR headset to have a sip of his beverage. "If I'm lifting my head, it's because I'm drinking my coffee and this wretched headset is too bulky for me to drink my coffee without moving my headset," he told Mance. "So don't think I'm craning my head weirdly." It's a rather damning confession, considering how close Clegg is to Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg — and just how much the latter is betting on making VR spaces the future of the internet. As the technology stands right now, the metaverse isn't going to replace physical interaction any time soon. VR spaces on the company's Horizon platforms are filled with screaming children and men making unwanted advances on the proportionally few women users. And in the world of journalism, Clegg is clearly struggling to sell Mance on the feature. "Can we get the sneering and mockery out of the way?" Clegg told Mance upon their virtual meeting. After all, staring at a crude, legless floating head that only vaguely approximates its human counterpart isn't exactly conducive to an insightful one-on-one. And that's not to mention that VR headsets are still pretty enormous and bulky. While designs have come a long way, particularly thanks to advancements in wireless technologies, the ability to sip a coffee while catching up inside what Facebook is calling the "metaverse" should be a pretty basic expectation. "This is an extremely funny clip," The New York Times tech reporter Will Oremus wrote in a tweet responding to Mance's video, "but are we really calling whatever glitchy VR videoconference app this is 'the metaverse' now just because Facebook says so?" READ MORE: My trip into the metaverse with Facebook defender-in-chief Nick Clegg [Financial Times] More on the metaverse: Sexual Assault Is Already Happening in the Metaverse Share This Article 
In the world of blockchain, there’s no shortage of dumb ideas, incredible idiots, and bad actors — but one new creator might have just outdone them all.   An NFT project selling different illustrations of George Floyd — the unarmed Black man whose brazen murder by a Minneapolis police officer in 2020 launched a series of social uprisings — was released on the OpenSea platform on December 7, Input reports. The project appears to have no connection to Floyd's family or the activist community. Yes, you read that right. Yes, it is that awful.  Dubbed "Floydies," the project seems to be equal parts tasteless trolling and shameless cash-in attempt that echoes the trend of packaged NFT a la the "Bored Apes" or the "Lazy Lions." Each image contains a poorly drawn depiction of Floyd with bloodshot eyes and dressed in different, sometimes-mocking outfits.  George Floyd inspired NFTs are here 😲😳😳https://t.co/rahKITcZS4#NFT #finance #NFTs #NFTCommunity #nftcollector #blm pic.twitter.com/jjbOrxItfK — FloydiesNFT (@FloydiesNFT) December 7, 2021  The NFT’s OpenSea profile claims that the project exists as a celebration of Floyd’s life and that purchasing one of their NFTs is "a great way to express yourself and your beliefs!"  However, it should go without saying that this is a pretty clear attempt at trolling. Even a cursory glance at the images themselves indicate that it's merely an attempt to offend as many people as possible by depicting Floyd’s image as tastelessly as possible.  That said, it does appear to be making some amount of money, with one image having been sold to a Twitter user known as "cantsneed" for more than $400 worth of ethereum. However, a quick look at that profile indicates that they’re very likely also a part of the project and a troll account themselves.  Luckily, many people are seeing the project for what it is, and widely condemning it on social media.  "Most of the crypto space, and NFT by consequence, is an absolute garbage fire right now," Marcello Lins, a software engineer at Square who spoke out against the trolls on Twitter, told Input.  "In an age where smart contracts exist, part of the proceeds from these sales could be going to Black Lives Matter non-profits or the family of the victim. Neither is present here, unsurprisingly," he added. "This project was never meant to help anyone but its own creators, despite it claiming to be just the opposite." Anyone upset by all this, needless to say, can do their part by reporting the project's Twitter account and OpenSeas account — and, if they're so inclined, donate to the George Floyd Memorial Foundation, a non-profit dedicated to racial equity and justice.  READ MORE: The latest horrible NFT project co-opts George Floyd’s image [Input] More on NFT awfulness: Crypto Bro Claims They’re Losing Their Wife and Kids Because They Bought a Super-Expensive NFT Share This Article 
Reports about Amazon's sluggish response to the deadly tornado that collapsed one of its facilities in Illinois just keeps getting worse and worse. The latest comes in the form of a text message exchange between an Amazon driver and her manager. The messages, which were seen and verified by Bloomberg, showcase the confusion and chaos during the weekend’s disaster.  "Tornado alarms are going off over here," the driver texted.  "Just keep delivering for now," the manager replied. "We have to wait for word from Amazon if we need to bring people back, the decision is ultimately up to them." In less than an hour, the deadly weather began to escalate. The manager told the driver to "shelter in the place for now."  However, the driver requested to head back to the facility instead. "Having alarms going off next to me and nothing but locked buildings around me isn’t sheltering in place," she texted. "That’s waiting to turn this van into my casket." The manager remained resistant to the idea, saying that the safest practice for the driver was to stay where they were. They added that if she returned with their packages, it would be viewed as "refusing your route" and would result in the driver "not having a job come tomorrow morning." "I’m literally stuck in this damn van without a safe place to go with a tornado on the ground," the driver texted back.  The manager later told the driver that weather conditions were so bad at the facility that the wind had ripped a door off. Eventually, the tornado destroyed part of the facility and resulted in the deaths of six Amazon workers.  "This dispatcher should have immediately directed the driver to seek shelter when the driver reported hearing tornado sirens," an Amazon spokesperson told Bloomberg in a statement. "Under no circumstance should the dispatcher have threatened the driver’s employment, and we’re investigating the full details of this incident and will take any necessary action." Ultimately, it’s an incredibly haunting exchange that effectively highlights the communication breakdowns that can occur during disasters like these — as well as the dangerous pressure that companies like Amazon put on their workers.  READ MORE: Amazon Driver Texts Reveal Chaos as Illinois Tornado Bore Down [Bloomberg] More on warehouse disaster: Amazon Workers Say Company Failed to Warn Them of Deadly Tornado Share This Article 
Turns out you can't even meet hook ups in peace these days. On Wednesday, a Norwegian regulator called the Data Protection Authority hit dating app Grindr with a €6.3 million fine for sharing user data with advertisers without their consent. "Our conclusion is that Grindr has disclosed user data to third parties for behavioral advertisement without a legal basis," said Tobias Judin, head of the Norwegian Data Protection Authority’s international department in a press release. Grindr is a location-based dating app like Tindr, but it primarily caters to the LGBTQ+ community. The Norwegian release reports that the Norwegian Consumer Council filed a complaint against Grindr in 2020 because the app shared location, IP address, Advertising ID, age, and gender — not to mention just the potentially-sensitive fact that the user was on Grindr. It also said that once received, advertisers could further share that data with others. In their investigation, the regulator found that users couldn't give proper consent to their data being shared because in order to use the app at all, you'd have to access data terms. In addition, the regulatory group said users weren't properly notified that their data was being used and shared. Intriguingly, this case could have implications worldwide. The "grave" infractions fall under the EU's GDPR, or General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which was passed in 2018 and says that any company interacting with EU customers, regardless of where the company is based, must comply with strict privacy and security rules. If not, those companies will get hit with major fines — like Grindr just did. In many ways, the EU is picking up the United States' slack here, because many of the world's top media companies are based in the US. Now, though, the likes of Facebook and Twitter, not to mention Grindr, will have to abide by GDPR rules — at least when it comes to their EU customers. And some US states were inspired enough by the legislation to pass their own, smaller versions, like California, which passed the California Consumer Protection Act in 2018. Norway even reduced its initial fine, which was around €10 million, in part because Grindr had cleaned up its act a bit. It's not clear whether those changes affect users everywhere, but we hope they'll extend any new privacy and security measures to users around the globe. If that is the case, US users will benefit from authorities who cares about checking, regulating and holding accountable large social media corporations. The EU's stricter regulations will have done more for US security than our own members of Congress, who frequently embarrass themselves by asking inane, outdated questions that show they have no idea what's going on. So thanks, Norway. Seriously. More on US failures: Hearings Show Congress Doesn't Understand Facebook Well Enough to Regulate It  Share This Article 
Formerly-known-as-Facebook megacorporation Meta's virtual reality platform Horizon Worlds has barely made it out to the public, and users are already being sexually harassed and even assaulted, The Verge reports. "Sexual harassment is no joke on the regular internet, but being in VR adds another layer that makes the event more intense," the user wrote in Facebook's official Horizon group, as quoted by The Verge. "Not only was I groped last night, but there were other people there who supported this behavior which made me feel isolated in the Plaza." Meta's VP of Horizon, Vivek Sharma, called the situation "absolutely unfortunate" in an interview with The Verge. "That’s good feedback still for us because I want to make [the Safe Zone feature] trivially easy and findable," Sharma told The Verge. Rather than ensuring Horizon Worlds doesn't foster a culture of strangers groping each other in VR, Meta is hoping to make the problem go away by making adjustments to its tools. The company says users can turn on a feature called "Safe Zone," which creates an impenetrable bubble around the user when they want more space. But personal space is likely to be a galling problem for social VR applications. "I think people should keep in mind that sexual harassment has never had to be a physical thing," Jesse Fox, an associate professor at Ohio State University, told MIT Technology Review. "It can be verbal, and yes, it can be a virtual experience as well." Bloomberg columnist Parmy Olson also wasn't exactly impressed by Meta's VR experience, either. Once in the VR lobby of Horizon Venues — Meta's VR events platform that is serving as Horizon Worlds' precursor — she was being surrounded by a "group of male avatars" who started taking pictures of her. "One by one, they began handing the photos to me," Olson writes. "The experience was awkward and I felt a bit like a specimen." Olson also noted that her conversations with other users were constantly disrupted by children screeching into their microphones — despite the fact that the VR platform is putatively limited to US or Canadian users who are above 18. Meta's approach isn't exactly confidence-inspiring, and seems to continue themes of controversy from Facebook's history. It's shifting at least some of the responsibility to its users by giving them tools like Safe Zone, in addition to assigning moderators to each VR space. "We will continue to improve our UI and to better understand how people use our tools so that users are able to report things easily and reliably," Meta spokesperson Kristina Milian told Tech Review. "Our goal is to make Horizon Worlds safe, and we are committed to doing that work." But will UI tweaks really tackle the underlying issues of unwanted advances and harassment? Facebook has repeatedly proven that it's unable to protect its users on its existing platforms. And that doesn't bode well for its Metaverse. READ MORE: The metaverse has a groping problem already [MIT Technology Review] More on Meta: How to Talk to Your Family About the Metaverse Share This Article 
A Japanese billionaire who spent tens of millions of dollars to take a leisurely trip to the International Space Station doesn't care that his vacation among the cosmos is only accessible due to his obscene wealth. In an interview with the Associated Press conducted from his $80 million vacation aboard the ISS, fashion tycoon Yusaku Maezawa mused that "those who criticize are perhaps those who have never been to space." No kidding, sir! "Yes, it is still rather expensive, but it is not only about money," he admitted to the AP. "It takes time for your body to adjust in this environment and the training for emergencies takes at least a few months. So, honestly speaking, it is only accessible for those who have time and are physically fit and those who can afford it." We poor suckers on Earth may not have to wait forever, though: Maezawa said that "we don’t know if that is still going to be the case in 10 years, 20 years’ time." Worth just under $2 billion, Maezawa and his very lucky assistant Yozo Hirano made history last week by becoming the first space tourists to enter the ISS since 2009. Their 12-day stay has followed the billionaire's headline-grabbing quest to go to space led to a canceled reality show and a pact with SpaceX to send eight other lucky folks on a trip around the Moon on their dime. Earlier in his ISS voyage, the billionaire claimed he's going to give away some of his vast wealth while he's in space, but it remains unclear why, how much, to whom, or when such charity will occur — and the question of his proclamation did not come up in AP's latest report. While he's clearly thrilled to be among the 0.00000000001 percent of people who can afford to send themselves and their friends to space, it hasn't been all fun and games so far, as Maezawa told the AP that he's had difficulty sleeping and experienced motion sickness since entering the ISS. But rest assured, the billionaire is "getting over the motion sickness so I can enjoy the remaining days." "I am returning on the 20th and starting to miss Japan," he said. "Once I return, I want to have sushi!” Wouldn't we all like to have what he's having! READ MORE: The AP Interview: Japanese tourist says space trip ‘amazing’ [Associated Press] More on Maezawa: Billionaire Playboy Shares Video of Himself Frolicking in Outer Space Share This Article 
With the help of the European Space Agency's ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter (TGO), a team of scientists has made a fascinating discovery: a huge deposit of water at the bottom of the Valles Marineris, one of the planet's deepest canyon systems and which is ten times as long and five times as deep as the Grand Canyon. The orbiter's Fine Resolution Epithermal Neutron Detector (FREND) instrument mapped the amount of hydrogen in the topsoil covering the Martian surface down to a depth of about three feet — and struck pay dirt. It's an unusual place spot water. Most discoveries of water on Mars to date have been found near the planet's polar regions in the form of ice. "With TGO we can look down to one meter below this dusty layer and see what’s really going on below Mars’ surface," said Igor Mitrofanov, researcher at the Russian Academy of Sciences and lead author of the study accepted into the journal Icarus, in an ESA statement. "FREND revealed an area with an unusually large amount of hydrogen in the colossal Valles Marineris canyon system: assuming the hydrogen we see is bound into water molecules, as much as 40 percent of the near-surface material in this region appears to be water," he added. The area is absolutely massive, about the size of the Netherlands according to the statement, making it a highly promising place to look for even more water in the future. "We found a central part of Valles Marineris to be packed full of water — far more water than we expected," coauthor Alexey Malakhov said in the statement. "This is very much like Earth’s permafrost regions, where water ice permanently persists under dry soil because of the constant low temperatures." There's still a chance much of the water deposits are trapped inside minerals, but there is cause for optimism. "Overall, we think this water more likely exists in the form of ice," Malakhov argued. "This finding is an amazing first step, but we need more observations to know for sure what form of water we’re dealing with," the ESA's Håkan Svedhem, coauthor who used to be on the TGO team, said in the statement, calling the finding a "large, not-too-deep, easily exploitable reservoir of water in this region of Mars." The discovery could allow us a better understanding of the early evolution of the Red Planet, and allow us to get a much better idea of where to look for signs of ancient life — or even places we could one day inhabit. READ MORE: ExoMars discovers hidden water in Mars’ Grand Canyon [ESA] More on Mars: NASA Scientists Are Gonna Bawl Their Eyes When the Tiny Mars Chopper Dies Share This Article 
If Russia launches nuclear missiles at the US, the president — or whoever has the authority at the moment — has just minutes to react. As the clock ticks down, they'll be forced to make what’s arguably the most consequential decision in human history.  How would you handle the situation? That’s the question behind "Nuclear Biscuit," a virtual reality simulation depicting what a president would go through during a nuclear crisis. The experience was developed by the Program on Science and Global Security at Princeton University, in collaboration with nuclear disarmament group Global Zero. The researchers showed off Nuclear Biscuit — named for the card containing the president’s nuclear launch codes — at last year’s Munich Security Conference. Lawmakers and national security experts donned a headset and underwent the scenario in which they assumed the role of the US president and were tasked with deciding how to respond to a nuclear attack, if at all.  "You walk into that simulation and come out a changed person," Richard Burt, former US negotiator for nuclear arms control with the Soviet Union, said in a press release after his turn on the headset. The experience begins with you at the president’s desk in the Oval Office just as you’re told that a national emergency is underway, The Guardian reports. You’re then taken to a situation room somewhere below the White House, where you’re then informed that hundreds of Russian intercontinental ballistic missiles are en route to the western seaboard.  A voice then tells you that you have less than 15 minutes to choose from three options that a Pentagon official offers regarding if and how you should retaliate. No matter what you do, millions of people will die. It just depends on how many millions you want to kill in your response, like the trolley problem on steroids.  The simulation sounds like a haunting experience that experts say accurately reflects the tension and anxiety a president would feel in that scenario.   "People felt they were making decisions under uncertainty," Sharon Weiner, associate professor at the School of International Service at American University and co-creator of the project, told the Guardian. "They wished they knew more or thought that something wasn’t clear, but there was pressure to make a decision anyway." "I think some people pick an option just because they want to be over," she added. The team plans to bring the simulation to Congress to allow lawmakers to experience it themselves. Weiner hopes that the folks on Capitol Hill will "see the consequences of the choices they’ve made about the nuclear weapons issue." Using immersive VR tech is an inventive way to bring light to what exactly would happen if the US experiences a nuclear attack. Hopefully, lawmakers learn something from it — rather than doubling down on the burgeoning 21st century arms race.  READ MORE: ‘15 minutes to save the world’: a terrifying VR journey into the nuclear bunker [The Guardian] More on nuclear war: US Officials Shocked by Chinese Missile Test That Went All the Way Around the Earth Share This Article 
Former SpaceX engineer Ashley Kosak isn't the only person claiming that the space company's work culture is rotten with misogyny and sexual harassment. The Verge reports that four other former SpaceX employees have come forward detailing similar complaints, including unwanted sexual advancements by male coworkers and other harassment. And that's not all. A mere hour after The Verge published the damning piece, The Washington Post broke yet another story about several additional women suing Tesla — another Elon Musk-run company — over sexual harassment at the company's factory in Fremont, California. And that's on top of several other harassment suits that have hit the electric carmaker over the last few weeks. In other words, it's an absolute PR disaster for Musk's portfolio — and one that paints an ugly picture of the work culture at both SpaceX and Tesla. It's a day of grim revelations that's also bound to put immense pressure on leadership, including Musk, who is the CEO of both companies, as well as SpaceX COO and president Gwynne Shotwell. In an email sent to employees before the stories came out over the weekend, as quoted by The Verge, Shotwell reiterated that violations of the company's "no A-hole" and harassment policies will not be tolerated. "If you are aware of, or experience any acts of harassment or discrimination, report it to your manager or any HR representative," she wrote in the email. Meanwhile at Tesla, Jessica Brooks, who currently works at the company's factory in Fremont and is one of the women suing the company, said she was forced to stack boxes around her workstation to stop men from making crude and unwanted advances. "I was so tired of the unwanted attention and the males gawking at me, I proceeded to create barriers around me just so I could get some relief," she told the Post, noting that she tried to conceal her backside with a flannel shirt she bought at a thrift store after being catcalled.  "That was something I felt necessary just so I can do my job," she added. Neither SpaceX nor Tesla have yet commented on the many allegations to either the Post or The Verge. READ MORE: Five former SpaceX employees speak out about harassment [The Verge] More on the topic: Former SpaceX Engineer Says She Was Sexually Harassed Share This Article 
Researchers looking into the interplay between hormones and ethics discovered something that will shock nobody who dates men: that those with high testosterone levels end up being bigger jerks. As PsyPost reports, a recent study out of HEC Montréal complicates previous research associating high T-levels with business success by linking the hormone with unethical behavior in sexual scenarios — or, in the popular lexicon, comportment that might be characterized by the word "fuckboy," which refers to often-promiscuous men who treat the women they date as disposable. The Canadian researchers' study focused on 83 men and 91 women who were asked to provide saliva samples — to test testosterone levels — and answer a series of questions, first about how they felt when romantically pursuing someone of the opposite sex who was also being pursued by someone else of their same sex, followed by questions about ethics such as how comfortable they felt "taking some questionable deductions on your income tax return" or "having an affair with a married man/woman." Published in the British Journal of Psychology, the resulting study found that a positive correlation between high testosterone levels and willingness to engage in unethical behavior when it came to "intrasexual competition," the psychobabble term for when two or more men are vying for one woman's attention. Interestingly, the correlation between testosterone and unethical behavior wasn't found for the men in the control section of the studies (who were asked about their laundry preferences) or for women in either the control or variable sections. While the GEC Montréal study doesn't focus on the way these (presumable heterosexual or bisexual) men treat the women in question, the concept that men will behave more aggressively and less ethically when trying to "win" a woman is, in this reporter's book, classic fuckboy behavior. The jury's still out, however, about whether high T-levels are related to being incapable of returning a text message. READ MORE: Testosterone levels in men linked to unethical behavioral intentions in response to intrasexual competition [PsyPost] More misogyny: Study: Turns Out People Are Sexist To Female Robots Too Share This Article 
A sneaker company known for photoshopping a "cybershoe" onto Elon Musk has been purchased by Nike — in yet another sign, arguably, that the relationship between the physical and digital worlds is changing forever. As The Verge reports, Nike has acquired the sneaker company RTFKT (which is supposedly pronounced like "artifact," though it's more fun to say "ratfucked") for an undisclosed sum, with the intent of... selling shoes in the freakin' Metaverse. Founded in early 2020, RTFKT makes "one of a kind sneakers and digital artifacts." Its business model is as blockchain-brained as possible — physical shoes and other items can only be bought after a customer purchases an NFT of said item and redeems it during "forging" events at which buyers can claim their purchases. The ultimate idea, as The Verge notes, is for buyers to be able to "wear" their purchases in the Metaverse — just as soon as the Metaverse is up and running for the public, and also equipped to read blockchains and load NFTs in users' accounts, at least. And, to be fair, none of that is a sure thing. In a tweet announcing the acquisition, RTFKT co-founder Steven Vasilev — who goes by Zaptio online — said that he and his fellow cofounders Benoit Pagotto and Chris Le were "inspired by" Nike. One look at their logo, which resembles a more angular version of Nike's classic swoop design, and it's pretty easy to see the similarities. Wild, this 39/212 @jeffstaple x @RTFKTstudios Metapigeon shoe is now a pair of Nikes. 😳 pic.twitter.com/wHOcYhVOz4 — Josh Ong (@beijingdou) December 13, 2021  Though it's less than two years old, RTFKT made waves when an edited photo of Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk wearing its "Cybersneaker" went viral. Musk wasn't actually wearing the uncomfortable-looking "metal" sneakers in that viral photo — though it does appear the company ended up 3D-printing him a pair later on — but that didn't seem to matter to RTFKT, investors, or the CEO himself, who reposted the edited photos of him and now-ex Grimes at the 2019 Met Gala in the virtual dunks on Reddit. RTFKT minted the shoes as an NFT and the rest, as they say, is history. RTFKT has sought to suggest another Musk connection, as well. On its website, the company denied "rumours around a rogue AI (stolen from the SpaceX) used by RTFKT to create next generation designs," calling them "completely false" and saying there "has been absolutely no evidence or legal action to justify these rumours." With this Nike acquisition coming just a few weeks after Adidas announced that it had "aped" into the Bored Ape Yacht Club NFT community by purchasing one of the expensive computer-generated artworks with designs on Metaverse collaborations, it seems that real-life fashion brands are increasingly staking their claim on the high-end digital consumption potential the Metaverse provides. And the fact that the Metaverse only exists in bits and pieces at present doesn't seem to be slowing down their enthusiasm at all. READ MORE: Nike just bought a virtual shoe company that makes NFTs and sneakers ‘for the metaverse’ [The Verge] More on the Metaverse: Keanu Reeves Says He'd Be Cool With Fans Having Sex With Him in VR Share This Article 
An Amazon warehouse collapsed in Edwardsville, Illinois on Friday night, killing six people during a series of deadly tornadoes.  Now, as recovery efforts are still underway, the tech giant is under fire for its controversial workplace cell phone ban — devices which many rely on to keep updated during emergencies, Bloomberg reports.  The policy, which Amazon has had in place for years, restricted employees from having their phones on them on warehouse floors. While the ban was rolled back during the height of the pandemic, it has since been reintroduced at company facilities. With the tragic deaths after the warehouse collapse, workers are now calling the policy into question. "After these deaths, there is no way in hell I am relying on Amazon to keep me safe," one anonymous employee told Bloomberg. "If they institute the no cell phone policy, I am resigning." Another Amazon worker at a warehouse in Indiana echoed the sentiment, saying that "I don’t trust them with my safety to be quite frank. If there’s severe weather on the way, I think I should be able to make my own decision about safety." One employee said that the disaster will definitely spur more workers to keep their phones on them. "Most employees that I’ve talked to don’t keep their phones on them for personal conversation throughout the day, it’s genuinely for situations like this," the worker told the magazine. A spokesperson for the company told Gizmodo that, actually, the employees were allowed to have their cell phones with them. However, they stopped short of clarifying whether or not they were allowed to have them on the warehouse floor, which is the crux of the issue in this weekend's tragedy.  Following the publication of this story, an Amazon spokesperson claimed that workers at the Edwardsville were indeed allowed to carry cell phones at the Edwardsville facility. "Employees and drivers are allowed by policy to have their cell phones with them," the spokesperson said. Asked whether that included the warehouse floor, she responded: "Yes." That hazy rationale also isn’t likely going to be enough for many, including the workers’ rights advocacy group Warehouse Workers for Justice. The Illinois nonprofit released a statement on Saturday calling on lawmakers to investigate the company’s safety practices.  "Because of Amazon’s poor record of worker safety in the relentless pursuit of profit, we call on Illinois legislators to convene a hearing to ensure all Amazon facilities are places of safety for workers and that no family has to worry whether or not their loved ones will make it home from work after an extreme weather event," the statement read.  The optics were also not helped by company CEO Jeff Bezos, who posted a picture celebrating the return of a Blue Origin space tourism crew to Instagram a just hours after the warehouse collapse — a move that can only be described as Marie Antoinette-esque.  While he eventually posted a statement addressing the tragedy, it still came a day after the disaster. It's a bad look no matter how you cut it.  Bezos has come under fire in the past for what critics called exploitative labor practices at Amazon facilities. Now, with the tragedy at Edwardsville, his policies are sure to come under even closer scrutiny — and, hopefully, change for the better.  Updated with additional Amazon comment. READ MORE: Deadly Collapse at Amazon Warehouse Puts Spotlight on Phone Ban [Bloomberg] More on Amazon: Amazon Outage Shuts Down IoT Vacuums, Doorbells, Fridges, Even Home Locks Share This Article 
Last year, former Feinstein Institutes neuroengineer Viktor Tóth set a simple goal: he wanted to teach rats to play the classic 1994 video game "Doom II." No, it wasn’t just a strange hobby. No, he wasn’t trying to start a Twitch channel. The Hungarian software engineer and neuroscientist wanted to learn more about brain computer interfaces, while showcasing the potential insights researchers could gather through similar experiments. His rat training setup was equal parts bootstrap and scrappy, he wrote in a viral Medium post, consisting of a large polystyrene ball that could be rolled in any direction via ball bearings. A rat was suspended in a harness on top, where it could move the ball with its feet, which sensors translated into movement in the game world and mirrored it onto a curved computer monitor in front of the gaming rodents. So as the rat moved about on the ball, it would also move about in the video game’s famous corridors. Tóth reinforced the rat’s movements with a little tube that gave it sugary water as a treat whenever it did a "right" thing, such as walk down the corridor. All told, Tóth said, the setup cost less than $2,000.   It was a bold, ambitious, and downright silly science project, so naturally, we had to learn more. We tracked Tóth down to ask him about what it was like to train rats to become gamers — and whether or not he ever plans on starting that Twitch channel. This interview has been edited for clarity and length. Futurism: Where does an idea to do something like train rats to play a video game even come from? Victor Tóth: The idea just came out of basically nowhere. I was just like, "Why not?" I think it was also around the time when Neuralink put brain implants in pigs to analyze snout detection. Then this idea came to me. I saw that something like that had some use cases.  It’s very relevant to brain computer interfaces (BCI) — a space I’m trying to get into in the long run. There are a couple of players in the space like Neuralink, BlackRock, and Paradromics that are testing their devices on monkeys and then rolling them out to humans. But the thing is that a lot of that cognitive capacity is already present in rats — so why can’t we just use rats? Part of the reason is that you can’t fully train a rat to play something like "Pong," right? The research design is difficult, but once you bridge that by training the rats in virtual environments, that’s huge. You can record all kinds of brain signals from the rats, like simple visual cortex information, or you can go higher up to decision making and planning.  It seems very complicated and hasn’t really been done — but you can do this in the same setup I used. The only thing that changes is the software, or the game the rat is playing.  Other than that, I did it because it’s just cool.  Why did you choose "Doom II"? Why not "Duke Nukem," "Wolfenstein," or "The Legend of Zelda"? VT: The plan was always to train them on the first map of "Doom II." I thought the first map was perfect because it has all kinds of environments. It has a very easy start too, with clear corridors and simple turns. It’s also a bigger space, so you can test a lot of stuff in there.  "Doom II" also has a very easy to edit map. I was able to scrap the first corridor out of the map and make the doors open on touch when a rat approached it. So there’s no button they need to press or behavior they need to exhibit to actually open doors. I designed different iterations of the same map with the imp — aka the bad guy — at different positions. For the shooting training, I randomly selected one of these maps so every time the rat started from the beginning, the imp was at a different position. That’s so the rat doesn’t learn to shoot at a specific point, but that it’s the imp itself that needs to be shot.  How far were the rats able to go through the maze? They weren’t able to complete the full maze. Romero, one of the three rats I used, performed the best. I was actually able to start training him to do the shooting part on a separate device. The idea was that if they push their front legs up and rear back, then the harness they were connected to could push a button above it with a separate arm attached to it. That button would do the shooting. When Romero got to an imp, I would pull the arm up and that would initiate the shooting. It’s the same operant conditioning logic as with the running and the sugary water — but Romero was just confused. He was just like, "What’s happening? Why is this thing in front of me? Why am I getting rewards?" At that point, he couldn’t catch what was going on.  By then, I gave myself a hard deadline for the end of July this year — and I just couldn’t finish training Romero in time.  Neuroengineer Viktor Tóth trained three rats to play "Doom II." Here's a video of one of the rats Romero getting surprised by an imp during shooting training! 🐀 pic.twitter.com/whrTftl4mr — T🎅ny H🤶 Tr🎄n (@TonyHoWasHere) December 13, 2021  I can’t imagine it’s easy training rats to do anything, let alone play a first-person shooter.  VT: At the beginning I naively thought, "I’m going to get a couple of rats. It’s going to take a week for them to get used to me. Then it’s going to take another week until they run on the ball." That was far from what actually happened.  This was my first ever animal experiment. It was a huge learning process for me too. So instead, it took two weeks for them to get used to me. Meanwhile, I was watching a ton of these rat training videos on YouTube showing me how to pet them, approach them, play with them, and all that. I mean, it was fun. It just took a lot of time. Then I started to put them on the ball — but I couldn’t make them run. First, I had to teach them to eat from the ball where the sugary water was. Then I started to train them to run — but they would get scared and jump off the ball whenever they heard the linear actuator go on, or a motor start running. After a while they got used to it. Relative to most behavioral experiments, it didn’t take that long, but still. There were so many things I didn’t take into account.  Any plans to start Twitch streaming? Yes, I think so. I think it’s a very valid way to monetize a project like this. The only problem is how long the rat can run for. I had Romero running for 15 minutes one time, which was great. That was crazy because he was doing it for so long and didn’t get tired or want to get off. So if you can actually get the rat to a point where it actually expresses a curiosity in the game, then it could get really interesting.  If you could get to that point and rats would actually "play" for 10 or 20 minutes straight, then yeah. Twitch streaming would be a very valid way to get this in front of people.  Do you have plans to build off of this project? Perhaps teach the rats to play a new game? VT: Yes. I was in America when I conducted the experiment and moved back to Hungary. I brought all the electronics from the experiment with me, but didn’t bring the ball and the aluminum frame. I’m already speaking to some electrical engineer friends of mine, though, and I want to make the next iteration somewhat more professional.  The original setup was kind of hacky. If you look in the video, you can see there are wires everywhere. There’s that and a couple things I’m going to change in the next.  During the first experiment, people came up to me with different ideas for games the rats could play. One of them that I liked was 3D Pac-Man because behaviorally, it makes sense. The rats don’t really like to attack stuff. They run away from things in the wild. That’d be the dynamic with 3D Pac-Man. You’d have to look back to see if there’s a ghost behind you.  Of course, this setup isn’t realistic yet because the rat has to turn around.  You’d need multiple screens. VT: Yeah, and it’s just very difficult for the rat. That’s why these Doom-like first-person shooter games just make more sense. It’s just easy and fun to have the rats run and shoot.  More on rats: Our Attempts to Kill Rats Are Making Them Evolve at Super Speed Share This Article 
Tesla CEO Elon Musk isn't one to follow rules, particularly when he thinks they're bogus. The billionaire likes to envision a world, or perhaps a much smaller society on Mars, in which everybody can do as they please without a greater hierarchy of power. "If there’s a utopia where people have access to any goods or services that they want, there’s plenty for everyone," Musk told Time magazine after being named the Person of the Year today. "If we have a highly automated future with the robots that can do anything, then any work you do will be because you want to do it, not because you have to do it." In sum, Musk — remember, this is the world's wealthiest person talking — characterized himself to Time as a "utopian anarchist." But such a society wouldn't be completely void of rules, either. "I don’t mean to suggest chaos, but rather that you’re not under anyone’s thumb," Musk argued in the interview. It's obviously a vision set on utopian ideals, but does it even make sense? We've already seen that the process of transitioning into a more automated society can easily result in the consolidation of power — which is more often than not a result of corporations building on the backs of workers. It sounds a bit like Musk is trying to have his cake and eat it, too. When it comes to government involvement, his political leanings tend to sway pretty libertarian. He has often butted heads with regulators and politicians when trying to get his many businesses off the ground and moving forward. Fewer rules and lower barriers of entry can allow innovation to flourish, Musk has often suggested. And that will be as important as ever if humanity wants to stand a chance to go interplanetary — Musk's well-documented biggest wish for the future of our species. But will everybody be happy to do as they wish within a highly technologically advanced anarcho-society? Having the machines take over the dirty work will arguably lead to some pretty big changes to the fundamental structures of society — which will undoubtedly put any civilization to the test. Musk's vision is arguably a bit of a stretch. Having everybody fend for themselves, while also remaining content with the riches they're being afforded, is certainly a utopian dream. But he also happens to speak from a position of great power and personal wealth. He may like to think of himself as a visionary — but he also happens to be the richest man in the world. READ MORE: Elon Musk on Income Inequality, Cryptocurrency and His Tweets: Excerpts From the 2021 Person of the Year Interview [TIME] More on Elon: Elon Musk Is Time Magazine’s Person of the Year 2021 Share This Article 
Cheap, lightweight killer robots are just around the corner — and major military powers, including the US, are doing very little to stop them. In an interview with TheNextWeb, MIT artificial intelligence and weapons researcher Max Tegmark warned that the kind of "slaughterbots" that militaries are already working hard on may soon be in the hands of civilians as well. "They’ll be small, cheap and light like smartphones, and incredibly versatile and powerful," he told the site. "It’s clearly not in the national security interest of these countries to legalize super-powerful weapons of mass destruction." The greater context is even more chilling. The US, Russia, and China have all signaled that they are against an outright global ban on these so-called "legal autonomous weapons" (LAWs) ahead of a United Nations debate and resolution vote this week. An unnamed diplomat told Reuters that there is "not enough support to launch a treaty at this stage," though they're hopeful for some sort of "principles" countries will agree to on a nation-by-nation basis. While such stopgaps may work for Geneva, researchers and activists like Tegmark and Claire Conboy of the Stop Killer Robots coalition think it's far from enough, and Conboy told Reuters that "the pace of technology is really beginning to outpace the rate of diplomatic talks." Tegmark's Future of Life Institute (FLI) at MIT recently released a film about the dangers of this terrifying technology, and the doomsday-esque near future the institute imagines is as horrific as you'd expect: facial recognition drones, robots being used for robberies, and politically-motivated mass executions. The FLI co-founder told TNW that these slaughterbots would be of particular use to cartels. "If you can buy slaughterbots for the same price as an AK-47," he said, "that’s much preferable for drug cartels, because you’re not going to get caught anymore when you kill someone." "Even if a judge has lots of bodyguards, you can fly in through a bedroom window while they’re sleeping and kill them," he continued. "And it’s going to go far beyond that. Because pretty soon anyone who wants to knock off anyone for any reason will be able to do this." Naturally, this technology already exists and has already been used on battlefields. Indeed, NPR reported earlier this year that autonomous drones — that is, killer drones that do not have human operators — were used in a skirmish between dueling Libyan military factions in March 2020, though researchers noted that it doesn't appear as if anyone was killed by the drones. Israel also reportedly used an AI-assisted robotic sniper rifle to assassinate an Iranian nuclear scientist last year. The US, notably, is going through the motions of asking Congress for permission to build autonomous weapons, though it seems like just a matter of time before they get Terminators on their wish list. That fact, paired with signals that the American UN delegation is going to debate and ultimately vote against a treaty against LAWs, is especially telling. While it's obviously terrifying to consider a not-so-distant future in which any civilian can buy and program a drone to kill someone else, we can't forget that human-operated drones already exist and have already killed scores of people in the hands of militaries, with the US being chief among them. With the automation craze sweeping every industry from agriculture to weapons manufacturing, it was only a matter of time before someone decided to take the human element out of drone-striking. Making "slaughterbots" available to the public, as such, is the logical endpoint. READ MORE: ‘Slaughterbots’ are a step away from your neighborhood — and we need a ban [TheNextWeb] More on slaughterbots: Former General Warns About Rise of Killer Robots Share This Article 
After horrific tornadoes devastated thousands of homes and killed dozens across Illinois, Kentucky, and Tennessee, experts are warning that climate change could be making the fearsome storms stronger. "As last night showed severe tornadoes can happen in any season, especially if the weather is unusually warm, as it was last night," said Dr. Robert Rohde, lead scientist at Berkeley Earth, on Twitter Saturday morning. "Historically, December has the fewest tornadoes in the USA," Rohde added. Rohde isn't alone in noticing how unseasonably warm the December evening was, and multiple other scientists say climate change could have aggravated the storms. A new report from the Washington Post gathered insights from numerous scientists who say that unfortunately, storms like this may become more common and should be further researched. "A lot of people are waking up today and seeing this damage and saying, ‘Is this the new normal?'" Victor Gensini, a meteorology professor at Northern Illinois University told the Post. "It’ll be some time before we can say for certain what kind of role climate change played in an event like yesterday." The warmer the air and the colder the cold front that clashes into it, the more turbulent and violent the storms become. Temperatures in the tornado's path helped created a more powerful storm, according to WaPo, rising into the 70s to near 80 degrees Friday evening. In Memphis, a 103-year-old record high was broken when temperatures hit 79 degrees Farenheit. "It’s absolutely fair to say that the atmospheric environments will be more supportive for cool-season tornado events," Gensini told the Post. However, that doesn't mean there's a definite link between climate change and worsening tornados, and scientists say we still have more to learn. "Tornadoes are, unfortunately, one of the extreme events where we have the least confidence in our ability to attribute or understand the impact of climate change on specific events," Zeke Hausfather, climate scientist at the Breakthrough Institute, in Oakland, CA told the Post. "There is not much evidence to date that the number of strong tornadoes is different today than it was over much of the past century." Although scientists may need more time to figure out just how tornadoes may be changing, if at all, residents in other parts of the country know personally how the damage sticks around long after buildings are repaired and power is restored. On Friday evening, residents of Nashville, TN took to Twitter to talk about surviving the devastating March 2020 tornado that killed two and decimated entire blocks of historic music venues and bars. Many also shared photos of their tornado safety planning and shared how anxious they remained during this weekend's storm. "Not sure I’ve ever stayed up this late," tweeted Tennessee-based news editor Holly McCall, echoing the thoughts of many Nashvillians. Even if it takes scientists years to catch up, people in the South and Midwest know firsthand how devastating these storms are, and many say they've never seen anything like it. Although it's traumatizing and hard to admit, back-to-back years with high tornado death tolls means it may be a matter of time until data catches up with what everyday people seem to already believe: the weather feels like it's getting worse. More on climate trouble: Scientists Are Building a "Black Box" to Record End of Civilization Share This Article 
In a revelation that will surprise almost no one, the 2022 World Inequality Report found that one space flight emits more carbon dioxide than most of the world's population will create in their entire lifetime. While other parts of the report focus on labor, income and economic inequality, the researchers also included a statistic — spotted by folks on social media and highlighted by Gizmodo — that perfectly sums up the relationship between those who create greenhouse gases versus those who suffer most from them. "Perhaps the most conspicuous illustration of extreme pollution associated with wealth inequality in recent years is the development of space travel," the report states. "An 11-minute flight emits no fewer than 75 tonnes of carbon per passenger... About one billion individuals emit less than one tonne per person per year. Over their lifetime, this group of one billion individuals does not emit more than 75 tonnes of carbon per person." If you're wondering which space flight the World Inequality Report is addressing, well, the team didn't call anyone out by name. But Jeff Bezos' much-publicized space flight back in July was about that length of time, as Gizmodo pointed out. Bezos, the Amazon founder currently wrapped up in Blue Origin's space tourism junket, effectively puts out more carbon than most humans could create in their lifetime each time he sends up a rocket. Bezos isn't the only billionaire partaking in space tourism, of course. Japanese billionare Yusaku Maezawa is currently on a twelve-day space vacation aboard the International Space Station. The flight was planned by US-based Space Adventures. Richard Branson, billionaire founder of Virgin Group, also took himself to the edge of space. You might be thinking of a fourth billionaire involved in space exploration not yet mentioned, but Tesla CEO Elon Musk hasn't personally traveled to space with his company SpaceX. Of course, SpaceX has sent its own tourists to orbit, which presumably has an even higher carbon footprint than Bezos' edge-of-space joyrides. In fact, it's scheduled to launch Maezawa on yet another trip, this time around the Moon in a jaunt scheduled a few years from now. The World Inequality Report argues that to hold the biggest greenhouse gas emitters responsible, we need to better track global emission numbers. "Large inequalities in emissions suggest that climate policies should target wealthy polluters more," the authors write. "So far, climate policies such as carbon taxes have often disproportionately impacted low and middle income groups." It's the equivalent of being told to recycle your cardboard and pay for municipal recycling pickup, in other words — it's a nice gesture, but no matter how hard you try, you'll never offset a single Bezos space journey. Similarly, climate change in the US is expected to affect poor people the most, and the UN has warned that climate change could even aggravate terrorism in countries where impoverished people must commit violent acts just to survive. It sounds like if we want to have a habitable planet in the near future, in other words, we're going to have to hold billionaires accountable for their excessive emissions in a real way. More on time running out: Amazon Rainforest on the Verge of Becoming a Dry Savannah, Scientists Say Share This Article 
You can click here for a list of resources from the Suicide Prevention Resource Center. There exists in the internet ether an extremely disturbing site where users goad each other to take their own lives — and according to Google, there's nothing it can do to remove the site from its search results. A stomach-turning deep dive in The New York Times explores the site, which we won't be naming here. The story raises difficult questions about both ethics and censorship — and especially about Google, which has chosen to passively condemn the site while allowing it to remain a prominent hit in its search results. Equal parts message board and macabre instructional manual, this site considers itself "pro-choice" — that is, pro- people having the choice to die by suicide, and access to information about how to do it, alongside a community that will help them do so without judging them or trying to help keep them alive. Over the last two years that the site's been up, per the Times' count, at least 45 users have died by suicide, and likely many more. Many of them learned how from the site, got "support" from fellow users when their conviction to end their lives wavered, and even live-blogged their deaths. Run by two late-twentysomething men who live thousands  of miles apart in Alabama and Uruguay, the site sprung up after Reddit closed a forum with the same mission. The two operators were previously known by aliases, but were unmasked by the Times. It's worth noting that there is a raging debate about assisted suicide, in which the terminally ill can access treatments to end their lives. That conversation is as heated as it is fraught, from the Kevorkian machines of the 1990s to the states and countries moving to legalize physician-assisted suicide. The site highlighted by the Times' investigation, however, should not be part of that debate. Its targets, in contrast, are mostly-healthy people for whom the decision to end their lives is almost certainly a gross miscalculation, which the Times made clear by refusing to include physician-assisted suicides in its charts mapping the sharp increase in suicides over the last two decades. Regardless of one's personal beliefs about euthanasia and suicide — hell, regardless of your beliefs about censorship, either — the concept of arming a group of unwell people with specific information and support about ending their own lives is disturbing. In many ways, this cursed suicide site represents the latest in a long string of problematic online material that provides people with information about all kinds of horrible things, from pro-anorexia blogs and ineffective COVID-19 treatments to forums for white nationalists and the "involuntary celibates" known as incels. All three of those topics have prompted calls for tech companies like Google and Facebook to censor particularly horrible online content. Often, they comply. Facebook, for example, is often quick to try (and repeatedly fail) to filter out harmful material. The situation at Google, and its parent company Alphabet, is more complex. Though it has removed medical misinformation and white supremacist content hosted on YouTube, it takes a more hands off approach to content that it lists on the open web — as evidenced by this week's controversy. "This is a deeply painful and challenging issue, and we continue to focus on how our products can help people in vulnerable situations," a Google spokesperson told Futurism. "If people come to Google to search for information about suicide, they see features promoting prevention hotlines that can provide critical help and support." "We have specialized ranking systems designed to prioritize the highest quality results available for self-harm queries, and we also block Autocomplete predictions for those searches," she continued. "We balance these safeguards with our commitment to give people open access to information. We’re guided by local law when it comes to the important and complex questions of what information people should be able to find online." That's a fairly fundamentalist position. The First Amendment may allow for the free speech of neo-Nazis and suicide advocates, but tech companies aren't governments. They can, in principle, take down whatever they want. Google's slogan used to be "Don't be evil." It later removed that phrase from the company's code of conduct in 2018 — and indeed, it feels as though there is a little room for evil in the company's search results. Updated to clarify that while Google has removed content hosted on YouTube, it does not have a history of deindexing controversial content on its search engine. READ MORE: Where the Despairing Log On, and Learn Ways to Die [The New York Times] More on assisted suicide, which this site is decidedly not about: Assisted-Suicide Chamber Approved by Authorities in Switzerland Share This Article 
Pluto may be reinstated to its position as a planet — and other celestial bodies may join it. A new study from the Florida Space Institute at the University of Central Florida surveyed centuries of planet literature and found that the decision that led to Pluto's demotion stemmed from extremely old-school ideas that mixed astronomy with astrology — and even folklore — and as such, the decision should be rescinded. It all goes back, of course, to Galileo. Considered the father of observational astronomy, Galileo Galilei's criteria for what can be defined as a planet is shocking in the post-2006 world, when the International Astronomical Union (IAU) strictly redefined the term and infamously left Pluto out to dry. To Galileo's mind, the main thing that made up a planet was evidence of geological activity, and his definition stuck from the time he was theorizing in the 1600s until the early 1900s, the UCF study noted. That changed due to two factors: a decline in planetary science papers and a rise in the printing of almanacs. "We found that there were enough almanacs being sold in England and in the United States that every household could get one copy every year," UCF planetary scientist Philip Metzger told UCF's news arm of his findings, which were published in the Icarus astronomy journal. "This was a key period in history, when the public accepted that the Earth orbits the Sun instead of the other way around, and they combined this great scientific insight with a definition of planets that came from astrology." Whereas before, objects like moons and asteroids could have been considered planets under the Galilean ideal, that changed because astrology requires the concept of a specific number of planets to make predictions, and the astrologically-derived weather forecasts of almanacs did as well. "Planets were no longer defined by virtue of being complex, with active geology and the potential for life and civilization," the planetologist told UCF Today. "Instead, they were defined by virtue of being simple, following certain idealized paths around the Sun.” Between the early 1900s and the 1960s, when space exploration missions began to take off from Earth, Pluto remained one of nine fixed planets — but as some scientists began to return to Galileo's broader geophysical definition of planets, others still pushed back. The key IAU criterion that booted Pluto — that a planet must clear its own orbit — was never really used in the past, the UCF researchers found. Nevertheless, its inclusion into the planetary taxonomy changed astronomy as we know it, and to the authors of this study, adding that additional criteria was a mistake. As Metzger put it, the expansion of planetary science between the 1600s, when Galileo was jailed for the rest of his life over his heliocentric model, and the 1900s was, in a metaphorical sense, like releasing him from house arrest. "But then around the early 1900s, we put him back in jail again when we went with this folk concept of an orderly number of planets," he added. "So, in a sense, we rejailed Galileo. So, what we’re trying to do, in a sense, is get Galileo out of jail again, so that his deep insight will be crystal clear." On the longshot that the IAU takes the UCF research into account and once again changes its planetary criteria in a manner that would reinstate Pluto, it would be as big a deal as the original 2006 decision because, under the Galilean ideal, we'd go from officially having eight planets in our Solar System to dozens, given how many moons it holds — and that's not counting the asteroids that may be defined as planets as well. But if nothing else, this research drives home the thought-provoking concept that planetary taxonomy is as artificial as the telescopes we use to find new exoplanets — and that they exist all over the Universe regardless of what we call them here on Earth. READ MORE: Planet Decision That Booted Out Pluto is Rooted in Folklore, Astrology, Study Suggests [UCF Today] More on our crowded sky: A Baffling Number of “Stars” Are Actually Spacecraft Share This Article 
Alphabet's AI research company DeepMind has released the next generation of its language model, and it says that it has close to the reading comprehension of a high schooler — a startling claim. It says the language model, called Gopher, was able to significantly improve its reading comprehension by ingesting massive repositories of texts online. DeepMind boasts that its algorithm, an "ultra-large language model," has 280 billion parameters, which are a measure of size and complexity. That means it falls somewhere between OpenAI's GPT-3 (175 billion parameters) and Microsoft and NVIDIA's Megatron, which features 530 billion parameters, The Verge points out. Such a system could allow us to "safely and efficiently to summarize information, provide expert advice and follow instructions via natural language," according to a statement. In a test, the model was able to score highly enough on a high school reading comprehension test to approach human-level performance, according to DeepMind's paper. Its math and reasoning skills, however, left something to be desired, showing "less of an improvement." The more parameters, the more accurate, generally speaking. But there are other issues, like reading comprehension or perpetuating harmful stereotypes, that are proving more difficult to overcome, despite the models' sheer size. Algorithms like Gopher have been used in the past for commercial products like digital assistants and translators. In a test, Gopher was able to have a full dialogue with a human with a "surprising" level of coherence, according to DeepMind. But DeepMind isn't looking to commercialize its algorithm. "That's not the focus right now," Koray Kavukcuoglo, DeepMind’s vice president of research, told Fortune. In an attempt to get ahead of criticism that its algorithm regurgitated ethnic or gender stereotypes — often a product of the texts these algorithms were fed — DeepMind published an accompanying paper about the steps researchers took to maintain ethical integrity. For instance, the team built a tool called Retrieval-Enhanced Transformer, a massive two trillion word database to cross-reference its sources. But even then, the DeepMind team admitted that research on how language models perpetuate harmful stereotypes "is still in early stages." As AI tools become better and better at interpreting text, researchers are increasingly turning to stickier problems, like the potential for spreading misinformation or propaganda. Even with all the texts on the internet, helping language models like Gopher read between the lines is proving much harder than many AI researchers like to admit. READ MORE: DeepMind debuts massive language A.I. that approaches human-level reading comprehension [Fortune] More on AI tools: Researchers Create Narc Neural Network to Help Cops Predict New Designer Drugs Share This Article 
The OG crowdfunding platform is moving to the blockchain, and its users are legitimately furious about it. First reported by Bloomberg, news of Kickstarter's decision to go crypto comes as the company tries to regain legitimacy as project and product crowdfunding, both of which it ushered in, have faded from prominence. The company is reportedly building a currently-unnamed blockchain-based platform to replace its current system at some point in 2022, which will be based on the Celo blockchain cofounded by none other than newly-resigned Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey. While cryptocurrency mining has historically been disastrous for the environment, Celo claims to be "carbon-negative" via offsets. Critics of Kickstarter's move, however, either don't know about or don't believe that detail — and, to be fair, carbon offsets in crypo have already drawn criticism. "Oh hell no," board game designer Elizabeth Hargrave, whose "Tussie Mussie" pocket-sized flower game was funded on Kickstarter, tweeted. "Blockchain is an environmental disaster." She wasn't the only crowdfunding figure to be upset by the news for environmental reasons. "I cannot overemphasize how heartbroken this news makes me," tweeted designer Jeeyon Shim, whose game "The Shape of Shadows" was also funded on the platform. "Environmental stewardship isn’t just a big part of my work, it is one of my core values as a person." "I genuinely love Kickstarter," Shim added. "I strongly urge the company to reconsider this decision." The company claims that the new protocol won't change how people use the site, but beyond environmental concerns, others just don't see what purpose the move serves. "Like 99 percent of crypto articles, this doesn't list a single reason why 'moving to blockchain' will improve the service for users in any way," novelist Lincoln Michel tweeted. "The only thing it says is that Kickstarter hopes to become 'relevant' if it's on blockchain." Indeed, it's hard to read this move as anything other than an attempt to stay relevant amid the crypto bubble — and if these creators' gripes are any indicator, users may not be as thrilled by Kickstarter's blockchain maneuvers as the company itself. Read more: Kickstarter Will Move Its Crowdfunding Platform to Blockchain [Bloomberg] More reasons to distrust the blockchain: Crypto Miners Are Buying Up Entire Power Plants Share This Article 
Rejoice! Scientists have discovered a new planet — and it's really honkin' big! The new exoplanet, named "b Centauri b" for its location orbiting the b Centauri binary star system, is located a cool 325 light years from Earth in the neighboring Centaurus constellation. First photographed by the aptly-named Very Large Telescope at the European Southern Observatory — confusingly located in Chile — b Centauri b is the belle of the ball for a few fascinating reasons, not least of which that it's orbiting a binary system that's collectively somewhere between six and 10 times heavier than our Sun, which now makes the b Centauri system the heaviest planet host in known existence. 1/ Our Very Large Telescope has captured a direct image of a planet orbiting b Centauri the hottest and most massive planet-hosting star pair found to date! 🔗 https://t.co/jM8TQVyZgB Credit: @ESO /Janson et al. pic.twitter.com/5Dx18AyUEa — ESO (@ESO) December 8, 2021  b Centauri is now also the hottest star pair to have a planet orbiting it — so hot, in fact, that researchers previously thought it wasn't possible for planets to orbit them. The "main" star, b Centauri A, is roughly three times hotter than our Sun at a whopping 32,000 degrees Fahrenheit, and combined with its supporting star, this system is blasting this newly-discovered planet with brutal quantities of X-ray and ultraviolet radiation. Stars like these, Swedish astronomer Markus Janson said in a statement about the discovery of b Centauri b, "are generally considered as quite destructive and dangerous environments." "It was believed that it should be exceedingly difficult to form large planets around them," he added. This big little planet that could is unlikely for another reason, too: it's 14 times further away from b Centauri than Pluto is from our Sun, or 550 times further from its binary star system than Earth. A new Nature paper about the planet by Janson and collaborators notes that this extremely wide orbit — one of the widest in the known universe — may be the reason why the planet has been able to survive all the radiation from the stellar pair it calls home. 3. The planet is about ten times heavier than Jupiter and orbits b Centauri at 100 times the distance Jupiter orbits the Sun. This is one of the widest orbits yet discovered and could be key to the planet’s survival. Credit: @ESO /L.Calçada/spaceengine.org pic.twitter.com/GFb5cwAXe6 — ESO (@ESO) December 8, 2021  Yet another property that sets this new exoplanet apart is the relative youth of the stars it orbits, which are each a mere 15 million years old compared to our Sun's 4.6 billion. For now, Space.com noted, researchers don't have anything close to a probable conclusion as to how b Centauri b was formed. It could have formed via "core accretion," the theory that posits the formation of planets like Jupiter via dust particles banding together until they become large enough to have gravitational pull. Alternatively, researchers said, it may have been born through "gravitational instability" in which an extant nebula collapses due to its own massive gravity and turns into the same kind of dust particles necessary for planetary formation in the core accretion theory. One thing is for sure, though: b Centauri b's unlikely existence is upending lots of things astrophysicists thought they knew. "Finding a planet around b Centauri was very exciting since it completely changes the picture about massive stars as planet hosts," Janson said. The discovery of this new, relatively nearby planet is a technological feat that would have been impossible to fathom even 30 years ago, when the first exoplanet was discovered. As megatelescopes become more and more advanced, the universe will likely continue to become stranger and larger than ever. READ MORE: "Record-breaking alien planet spotted circling massive, superhot star duo" [Space.com] More on the Centaurus constellation: "Scientists Plan Private Mission to Hunt for Earths around Alpha Centauri" [Scientific American] Share This Article 
The feds are looking intro cryptocurrencies, and apparently have been since the Trump administration. This revelation came during the Wall Street Journal's uberhyped CEO Summit on Monday, where as Vice reported, CIA Director William Burns admitted that his agency has "a number of different projects focused on cryptocurrency." He went on to say that he "inherited" the agency's crypto maneuvers from his "predecessor," a likely reference to the ghoulish Gina Haspel, who was the last to lead the CIA during Donald Trump's presidency. "My predecessor had started this, but had set in motion a number of different projects focused on cryptocurrency and trying to look at second- and third-order consequences as well and helping with our colleagues in other parts of the U.S. government to provide solid intelligence on what we're seeing as well," Burns said. Translation: the CIA is surveilling crypto networks and platforms, and trying to figure out how important a priority it is for so-called national security. Burns' fedspeak admission came in response to an audience question about the growing problem of ransomware attacks, which are an admittedly very real and serious threat that partially led to a real-life gas shortage, the alleged death of a newborn infant, and possibly even issues with the US beef supply chain. Crypto, Burns said, could have "enormous impact" on the heists "because one of the ways of getting at ransomware attacks and deterring them is to be able to get at the financial networks that so many of those criminal networks use and that gets right at the issue of digital currencies as well." As Vice noted, Burns', ahem, cryptic remarks have reinvigorated blockchain bro rumors that Bitcoin's mysterious creator Satoshi Nakamoto was an intelligence asset, though as Vice noted, that line is mostly just a meme. L1 most likely to be CIA: Solana  DEX most likely to be CIA: UniSwap Oracle most likely to be CIA: Band Memecoin most likely to be CIA: Safemoon L2 most likely to be CIA: Matic CT acct most likely to be CIA: @inversebrah — cobie (@CryptoCobain) December 7, 2021  While it will likely remain unclear what exactly the CIA and other alphabet soup intelligence agencies are looking at with regards to crypto, this admission is stunning if for no other reason than that it's yet another example of a normally-cagey government agency confirming longstanding rumors about its work after years of a steady declassification drip from the Defense Department confirming the existence of UFOs. Indeed, former CIA acting director Michael Morrell said back in April that the blockchain is a "boon for surveillance" in a white paper meant to encourage governments to embrace crypto. We probably won't know for decades what the CIA and its fellow intelligence agencies are up to with crypto, but at least we now know that they're up to something. READ MORE: The CIA Is Deep Into Cryptocurrency, Director Reveals [Vice] More on government and crypto: The U.S. Government Has Held Over $1 Billion in Seized Cryptocurrency Share This Article 
Vaunted megacorporation Amazon suffered an outage this week that left tons of customers with "smart homes" in the lurch. As Bloomberg reported, the Amazon Web Service (AWS) outage disrupted a wide variety of the company's Internet of Things products, including its Alexa voice assistant and Ring smart doorbell — and those products' users were royally pissed when they couldn't turn on their automated Christmas lights or even get into their freaking houses. "How can I get into my home?" one user tweeted at Ring when the account confirmed the outage. "I don’t remember the code. I always use my app." The AWS outage's effect on Ring, in particular, demonstrates the particular dangers of making home security hardware rely on the cloud. As one user put it, the company's "customers' home security is at risk." Ring and Alexa were not, however, the only products affected. Anyone whose products connect to AWS — which covers approximately 41 percent of cloud computing services, per its own numbers — could have been affected. In this case, that meant Roomba vacuums, "smart" fridges, and even voice-activated lightbulbs were out of luck during the roughly nine-hour outage. While the e-commerce giant's outage was a huge headache for countless people, it was also yet another example of why Amazon's dystopian monopoly is so dangerous — and why AWS' single point of failure is bad news bears for everyone that has to use it. The outage also hammers home the point that there's no compelling reason why every piece of tech we own should be connected to the internet, especially after this banner year of massive-scale web service outages. As Twitter user Jim Nivison so elegantly put it: "Why does a fridge need to be connected to anything but a power outlet?" Why indeed, Jim. Why indeed. More on Amazon: Amazon Is Quietly Researching How to Block Out the Sun Share This Article 
After years of snide remarks, mockery, and even thinly-veiled threats, Russia is ready to make peace with SpaceX. In fact, Dmitry Rogozin, the bumbling head of the country's space agency Roscosmos, announced on Twitter today that Russia will send cosmonaut Anna Kikina to the International Space Station late next year on board a SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule — rather than one of the country's own Soyuz spacecraft. The arrangement is part of a seat barter agreement, senior SpaceNews writer Jeff Foust pointed out, with a NASA astronaut making the trip on board a Soyuz some time next year as well. For years, Rogozin and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk have butted heads. But as of late, Rogozin's actions indicate that the two appear to have buried the hatchet. In other words, NASA, SpaceX, and Russia are ready to collaborate on sending humans into orbit — and that bodes well for the future of space exploration. "In our view, SpaceX has already acquired enough experience for us to be able to put our cosmonauts on Crew Dragon," Rogozin said through a translator at a press conference in October. "I believe we will be in a position to discuss candidates who may be flying to the space station on board the Crew Dragon — Russian cosmonauts, and American astronauts who will be flying to the space station on Russian spacecraft," he added. SpaceX has completed several crewed missions to the ISS over the last couple of years, demonstrating its Crew Dragon capsule is ready for primetime. Will it ever replace Russia's workhorse, the Soyuz? In the short term, that's looking unlikely. The spacecraft has been used since the late 1960s to ferry astronauts into space. While Roscosmos has made several changes to the capsule's technology over the decades, the basic design remains the same. The seat barter goes to show that international collaboration can be mutually beneficial, and the continued existence of the ISS is the ultimate proof. More on collaboration: Russia Admits Defeat, Says It’ll Launch Cosmonauts on SpaceX Spacecraft Share This Article 
SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk has some strong feelings when it comes to our fate as a civilization. During an interview at The Wall Street Journal's CEO Council Summit on Monday, Musk warned that letting people live longer — or, presumably, forever — through new technologies may actually be a really bad idea. "It is important for us to die because most of the time people don't change their mind, they just die," Musk said at the event. "If you live forever, we might become a very ossified society where new ideas cannot succeed." Musk also added that he's "not aware of any secret technology to combat aging." His ideas shouldn't come as a shock to anybody. Musk is an ideas man who has benefited immensely from pushing for innovation and change — for better or worse. In his world, there's no room for rigid and obsolete lines of thinking. Which also explains his continued efforts to push back against the US regulators who have kept an increasingly close eye on his operations. The news also comes after he called for "age limits" to be set for US government leaders earlier this month. Musk, a 50-year-old father of six, also argued at the event that a "rapidly declining birthrate" on a global scale is "one of the biggest risks to civilization." Allowing people to live longer lives, in other words, would result in rapidly aging populations, which would lead to further declining birthrates as fewer people are able to have children. It's far from the first time Musk has warned of declining populations being the eventual cause of our downfall. Earlier this year, he took potshots at fellow space company billionaire Jeff Bezos for investing millions in a mysterious anti-aging research startup in Silicon Valley. "And if it doesn’t work, he’s gonna sue death!" Musk added derisively at the time, referring to Bezos' litigious tendencies. Despite all of facetiousness and flippant comments in the past, Musk's warnings aren't completely off the mark. Birthrates are indeed declining worldwide — and COVID-19 has only heightened the trend. Even China, the most populous country in the world, has faced precipitous drops in birthrates, causing leaders to ring the alarm bells. With demographics skewing older in may parts of the world, humanity could really be in for a decline, and it could kick off before the year 2100, according to experts. But whether that's really a bad thing remains to be seen. The economic impacts of a shrinking labor force may be self-evident, but given our species' immensely harmful footprint on our planet, it may not be such a bad thing after all. READ MORE: Elon Musk thinks you should die [Insider] More on Elon: Elon Musk Says “Civilization Is Going to Crumble” Unless People Have More Children Share This Article 
A Japanese billionaire is becoming the first space tourist to go to the International Space Station in more than 10 years, and boy does his excitement show. "I’m excited. I feel like an elementary school student about to go on [an] outing," Yusaku Maezawa told reporters at a pre-launch news conference. "I didn’t think I would be able to go to space. I used to like the starry sky and heavenly bodies. I feel fortunate to have this opportunity and to finally fulfill my dream." As The Guardian and other outlets reported, Maezawa, the billionaire who founded Japan's Zozotown ecommerce megalith, is taking off with his assistant Yozo Hirano and cosmonaut Alexander Misurkin on a Russian Soyuz rocket for a 12-day trip that launches tomorrow. Notably, Maezawa is the first civilian in more than a decade to buy access to the ISS. And although we don't know the exact cost of his two tickets, we do know that Space Tourism, the company that the billionaire is contracted to fly with, sells bookings for an estimated $200 million a pop. Seriously, just look at this guy's face. He looks like he just went into the world's biggest FAO Schwarz toy store, except this FAO Schwarz is in freakin' space. 【27 days until Launch🚀】Got my solo portrait. Haven’t had my hair cut for two months.#MZJourneytoSpace pic.twitter.com/WmlJetduOj — Yusaku Maezawa (MZ) (@yousuckMZ) November 11, 2021  Maezawa's maiden voyage is a trial run of sorts before he heads up to the moon on a slated SpaceX trip that made headlines earlier this year when he and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk offered to bring eight passengers along for free. While Maezawa and Musk's desire to bring randos up to space with them for free is laudable, space tourism itself — and billionaire space tourism specifically — is much more insidious when you consider that the earth is baking, climate apocalypse is nigh, and that these fat cats are spending hundreds of millions of dollars to fly around the cosmos while people who can't afford to eat starve down here on Earth. But hey, at least he's happy! READ MORE: Japanese fashion tycoon to blast off for ISS as Russia revives space tourism [The Guardian] More on Maezawa's big trip: Billionaire Says He'll Play Badminton on Upcoming Space Station Trip   Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk is no stranger to ringing the alarm bells. When he's not warning of an imminent nuclear Armageddon, the eccentric billionaire has often brought up another one of his favorite talking points: declining birthrates. "I think one of the biggest risks to civilization is the low birthrate and the rapidly declining birthrate," he said at The Wall Street Journal's CEO Council Monday night. "And yet, so many people, including smart people, think that there are too many people in the world and think that the population is growing out of control," he added. "It's completely the opposite." Musk appears to be willing to throw all his weight behind his prediction. "Please look at the numbers — if people don't have more children, civilization is going to crumble, mark my words," he said. It's far from the first time Musk brought up declining birthrates. The news comes after Musk warned of pretty much the same thing at the National Academies’ joint meeting of the Space Studies Board and Board on Physics and Astronomy last month, for example. And he may have a point. China's birthrate, for instance, has started dropping precipitously. And that's not just due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The country's demographic has been skewing older, with fewer women choosing to have children. China's "one child policy," which ended in 2015, also contributed to the downward trend. So what do we do once an entire population starts aging rapidly? To Musk, the answer is surprisingly simple. At the WSJ's event, Musk also elaborated on why he called for an "age limit" to be set "after which you can't run for political office" in a tweet last week — an apparent potshot at 79-year-old US president Joe Biden. "I think it is important for us to die because most of the times, people don't change their mind, they just die," Musk said at last night's event. "If they live forever, then we might become a very ossified society where new ideas cannot succeed." In the meantime, the CEO's electric car company has big plans to replace human labor. At Tesla's AI Day event in August, Musk unveiled the "Tesla Bot," a humanoid robot meant to "take care of “performing tasks that are unsafe, repetitive or boring," according to the company's website. At last night's event, Musk said the Bot could be a "generalized substitute for human labor over time." In other words, it sounds a bit like Musk might be envisioning the robot giving sponge baths to seniors in nursing homes if there aren't enough young healthcare workers to care for them. It is arguably one of the greatest threats facing humanity today — but given the stresses our species has been exerting on our planet's ecosystems, it's a hard sell to call for an increasing population before we've sorted out those issues. READ MORE: Elon Musk says there are 'not enough people' and that the falling birthrate could threaten human civilization [Insider] More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk Says He Wants to Put Brain Chips in Humans Next Year Share This Article 
Over the weekend, hackers stole almost $200 million from the BitMart cryptocurrency exchange — the latest in a seemingly endless string of heists, headaches, and heartbreak for those who invest and trade in crypto. CNBC reported that although BitMart has admitted to $150 million in losses due to a "security breach," the blockchain security and analytics firm PeckShield — which was first to notice and publicize the heist — said the total appears to be closer to about $196 million. PeckShield also tweeted that about $100 million of the stolen funds were on the Ethereum blockchain, with the additional $96 million were on the Binance Smart Chain. Naturally, this being the world of blockchain, the saga played out like absolute chaos. BitMart CEO Sheldon Xia, who according to Coindesk initially claimed the hack was "fake news," has since vowed that the company will compensate the users whose funds were stolen with BitMart's own money. After taking the funds out of users' "hot" — internet-connected — wallets, the hackers used a "privacy mixer" to do the cryptocurrency version of money laundering. As such, it's still unclear who the hacker or hackers were. CNBC noted that this is the second time in as many weeks that there's been a large-scale crypto robbery after $120 million was stolen from the decentralized BadgerDAO platform. And in August there were two big crypto thefts as well, one in which hackers took nearly $100 million and another where the thieves made away with $600 million from The Poly Network crypto exchange — though, in a bizarre twist, they eventually returned the tokens. For its part, the crypto community has responded to the BitMart hack by vowing to help strengthen security and head off such attacks in the future. While it's tempting to take this caper as par for the course in the wacky world of crypto, it's important to remember that real people put real money into buying these tokens, and that they're hurting. It's not hard to imagine how much people would freak out if hundreds of millions of dollars were stolen in a bank heist, and this theft deserves just as much gravity. READ MORE: Hackers take $196 million from crypto exchange Bitmart, security firm says [CNBC] More on crypto theft: Blockchains Were Supposed to Be “Unhackable.” Now They’re Getting Hacked. Share This Article 
We all want the absolute best for our furry loved ones. And why shouldn’t we? Other people are cool, but pets are our most loyal companions. Without fail, they comfort us when we’re sad, make us laugh when we’re bored, and give us unconditional love when the world feels cold and empty. They also lick up food that we drop on the floor (good luck getting your human BFF to do that). Unfortunately, exceptional petcare used to cost a lot of money. But it doesn’t have to. Not anymore. Today, thanks to an innovative new online vet service called Pawp, going the extra mile for your furry friend is easier and more affordable than ever. Long story short, they've got your pet's back! Whether you are totally new to pet parenting, or you have had pets your entire life, you are going to encounter issues for which you will want to consult an expert. However, you don’t want to just go to the vet with every single concern. It’s not always necessary, and they’re going to charge you $100 just to step foot in the door. That’s where Pawp comes in. Pawp is a telehealth service for cats and dogs. For just $24 per month, Pawp gives you unlimited video calls and texts with licensed vets and pet professionals, any time day or night, with no appointments or wait times. So let’s say your cat has been throwing up for a few days, and you’re wondering if it could be something serious. Or maybe your dog ate something mysterious on her evening walk, and now she’s panting heavily at 3 a.m. and you’re not sure what to do. With Pawp, all you have to do is log in to your account via mobile app or desktop browser, click the button that says “Talk To A Vet,” and you’ll be getting expert advice in a matter of minutes without stepping foot outside your house. Of course, while it’s estimated that 60 percent of pet issues can be resolved via telehealth, emergencies do happen. Luckily, with Pawp you’ll be able to afford them. That’s because your subscription gives you access to an Emergency Fund of up to $3,000 a year to cover one emergency vet bill. If a Pawp vet declares your pet to be in a life-threatening medical emergency that requires immediate treatment, you won’t have to choose between paying the rent and saving your best friend. The best part? Unlike a pet insurance company, with Pawp there’s no copay, deductible, or credit check. Pawp pays the vet directly before you leave the clinic and you can use your fund at any vet in the U.S. Plus, one plan covers up to 6 pets at no extra cost, even with preexisting conditions. Obviously, having immediate access to licensed veterinarians via an online vet service is incredibly useful. And knowing that you get unlimited calls and texts means you’ll always be able to put your mind at ease, no matter how trivial your concern may seem. However, expert health advice is not all you get with Pawp. You can also get expert behavioral and nutrition advice. Got a cat that keeps peeing on your bed? A puppy that won’t stop biting? Pawp’s pet behavioral experts can help you understand your pet’s actions and moods and give you tips for improvement. Wondering what food is best for an overweight dog with glaucoma, or if the treats you give your cat might be causing digestive problems? Pawp’s nutrition experts can provide you with breed and pet-specific recommendations. If you’re looking for a way to give your pet the best possible care for the best possible price, you need to take a look at Pawp. Their unique platform provides instantaneous peace of mind and allows you to avoid as many expensive vet visits as possible without resorting to sketchy advice from random internet forums. Click here to become a Pawp member. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If we've learned anything in the last year-and-a-half, it's that our pets are more than simply our companions. They're part of our family. During the pandemic, they showered us with affection, comforted us when things felt hopeless, and motivated us to get up and play when we didn't even want to get out of bed. This is why it's no surprise that during the pandemic, pet owners began spending more on their pets than ever before. In fact, a recent survey of dog owners conducted by Rover concluded that 33-percent of millennials admitted to spending more than usual on their canines during the pandemic. However, quality pet care doesn't have to be outrageously priced. That's why you should know about Pawp: the first-of-its-kind online vet service which provides quality pet care for a fraction of the cost. Simply put, Pawp is an affordable alternative to pet insurance. For only $24 a month, Pawp protects up to 6 pets within a household at no extra cost regardless of their age, breed, location, or pre-existing conditions; You get access to licensed vets and pet professionals via text or video call around the clock (psst! No wait times nor appointments required) to answer any question regarding your pet’s health, behavior or nutrition; Plus, you get an annual $3,000 Emergency Fund that won’t make you choose between breaking the bank or saving your pet’s life. God forbid, let's say you caught your cat or dog chowing down on something they shouldn't have and they're acting a little lethargic. With Pawp, you don't have to turn to Dr. Google to figure out if they're going to be OK. All you have to do is log in to your account, click on “Talk To A Vet,” and within minutes you’ll get the opinion of an expert. All while never having to leave the comfort and safety of your own home. Even though data indicates that 60% of your pet's issues can be solved with telehealth, Pawp understands that sometimes emergencies are unavoidable. But when emergencies occur and an in-person visit is required, they won't financially devastate you. That’s because your subscription gives you access to Pawp's Emergency Fund. It covers one emergency vet bill a year up to $3,000 which you can use with any of your 6 pets, even if that emergency relates to a pre-existing condition. And because Pawp is not a pet insurance company, there’s no copay, deductible, or credit check. Most importantly, you don’t have to pay it back! Thanks to your Pawp membership, your emergency vet visit is paid before you leave the clinic and you can use your Emergency Fund at any vet in the U.S. Obviously, a Pawp membership is amazing because it gives you access to licensed veterinarians via an online vet service whenever necessary. Pawp is here for you over holidays, weekends, late nights, and any other time you need to speak with a vet. Knowing that you can check in with an expert about your furbaby's health whenever you need will keep any anxiety you have about your pet's health at bay. However, that's not all that comes with Pawp. When you sign up, you're also subscribing to expert behavioral and nutrition advice. So if your dog is terrible on a leash or your cat keeps pooping outside the litter box (WHY?!) You can consult with behavioral experts to not only improve the situation but also help you understand why it's happening. If nothing is more important to you than giving your pet the best care possible at the best possible price, you need to check out Pawp. With it, you'll be choosing peace of mind without sacrificing the care of your furbaby. Thanks to their unique platform, you can feel secure knowing you can visit the vet as often as you need without breaking the bank. So what are you waiting for? Click here to become a member of the Pawp community and change not only your life, but your pet's life, for the better. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
United Launch Alliance "scrubbed" and delayed a military rocket launch that was scheduled to lift off Sunday — after a leak was found in the fuel ground storage system. The launch provider initially said on Twitter that the Atlas 5 rocket launch would be rescheduled for Monday, but then tweeted that employees needed more time to evaluate the fuel issue. The new launch date is Tuesday, Dec 7. "During initial operations, a leak was discovered in the Rocket-Propellant-1 (RP-1) ground storage system," ULA tweeted Saturday after the launch was scrubbed. On Monday, it added that the "team repaired the ground storage system but will require additional time to verify the sample integrity of the fuel prior to tanking operations." According to SpaceFlightNow, the RP-1 fuel mentioned in ULA's tweet is a highly-refined rocket-grade kerosene fuel used on the Atlas 5 rocket’s first stage. The team will need to inspect the ground storage even though it's repaired to make sure the kerosene isn't contaminated. Given that ULA boasts a high success rate, it's probably par for the course that it's taking extra precautions. ULA says on their site that it's handled more than 145 consecutive launches since 2006. "This will be the 90th launch of the Atlas V rocket," a press release about the postponed mission said. "To date ULA has launched 146 times with 100 percent mission success." The team may well have avoided a catastrophe by finding the fuel leak, and it's probably also a good sign they're taking the appropriate amount of time to get things right since this is a complicated launch. "STP-3 is a unique mission as the Atlas 5 will deliver STP-3 directly into Geosynchronous Equatorial Orbit (GEO). This is a highly complex orbital insertion," ULA vice president of Government and Commercial Programs Gary Wentz said in the press release. "This is our longest mission to date at seven hours and 10 minutes until final spacecraft separation. We are proud to work alongside our mission partners to prepare to launch this challenging mission and thank them for their outstanding teamwork." It doesn't sound like the team was expecting problems, but that they knew the launch could be complicated and would require teamwork and precision — both key skills to have on hand in the event of a fuel leak. SFN reports the launch was set to carry two Space Force satellites with technological prototypes and experiments into orbit, launching from the Cape Canaveral Space Force station in Florida. The mission was sponsored by the military’s Space Test Program, which oversees some of the Defense Department's space missions. SFN says the military didn't disclose details about the satellites or what they'll be testing, but included communications, space domain awareness and space weather monitoring among their primary objectives. Another satellite, the Long Duration Propulsive ESPA, or LDPE 1, will also be headed into orbit with the Atlas 5. According to SpaceNews, LDPE will help pave the way for future missions in orbit and is equipped with its own propulsion system. "We call the LDPE our 'freight train to space,'" Col. Heather Bogstie, senior materiel leader of the rapid development division at SMC, said in a video at the Small Satellite Conference earlier this year. “We hope to launch these once a year, funding permitting, and get capabilities on orbit in a rapid fashion.” It looks like a crisis was averted, and rocket watchers will still be able to see the launch Tuesday. More on space exploration: Chinese Rover Exploring What Appears to be a Cube-Shaped Object on Moon Share This Article 
China has succeeded in literally changing the weather, a new study claims. As the South China Morning Post reports, researchers say that during the Chinese Communist Party's centennial celebration over the summer, weather authorities successfully modified the weather above Beijing to clear the sky and reduce pollution for the tens of thousands gathered for a commemorative ceremony in Tiananmen Square. They did so using cloud seeding technology, a long-studied but controversial process that involves shooting silver iodide particles into the clouds, with the idea of attracting water droplets to modify the weather. The paper, by researchers at China's Tsinghua University, comes a year after reports that China was dramatically expanding its weather modification program to a test area of a whopping 5.5 million square miles by the year 2025. As Futurism noted last December, that's bigger than the entire country of India, and could end up raising serious issues with China's neighbors. Though this isn't the first time China has used cloud-seeding technology — it's been dabbling since as early as the months leading up to the 2008 Beijing Olympics — this appears to be both one of the most successful and also largest-scale tests conducted not just by the CCP, but in the world. It was also not publicized, and part of the Tsinghua researchers' paper focused on the evidence they found that cloud seeding had actually taken place, which included eyewitness reports of rockets being launched into the sky from the mountains outside of of Beijing before the July 1 centennial, and accounts of rocket debris after the fact. According to the SCMP, there were a number of hurdles that weather officials had to jump to have successfully changed the weather. Pollution leading up to the CCP centennial was especially bad, the report noted, and it was China's wettest recorded summer as well. Nevertheless, reports indicated that Beijing's pollution on July 1 went from "moderate" to "good," and the mid-day rain did in fact appear to be artificial. Though areas of the United States and other countries have tried to use cloud seeding technology to change the weather, professional China-worriers have expressed concern that the CCP may use it for nefarious military ends — even though the US military has been trying to make it rain since at least 1967. This successful and large-scale operation in Beijing does, however, raise important questions both about potential military usage of the tech. If one country is able to control its own weather, it could in theory do so elsewhere — which is unwelcome news for anyone who isn't invested in forever wars. Moreover, while cloud seeding is often touted as a potential solution for the megadroughts of the not-so-distant-future, the technology hasn't been successful for long enough to measure how it affects natural weather patterns, nevermind its impact on climate change. For now, though, let's just marvel at the fact that it now seems possible to literally make it rain on command. READ MORE: China ‘modified’ the weather as Communist Party marked centenary in Beijing [South China Morning Post] More on cloud seeding: A Bunch of US States Are Now Using Weather Modification Technology Share This Article 
Most of us think of Windows when we think of Microsoft. Yet the company's cloud computing platform, Azure, is increasingly becoming a bigger part of our lives, and part of some unusual headline-grabbing projects. The 2022 Microsoft Azure Architect & Administrator Exam Certification Prep Bundle will show you how to get certified, and you can do it for less during our ongoing Cyber Monday Sale. Each of these courses is taught by people who work with Azure every day, including certified cloud architect Scott Duffy (4.5/5 star instructor rating), e-learning pioneer Ben Stretcha (4.5/5 star instructor rating), and automation expert Vijay Saini (4.3/5 star instructor rating). Each course is built around both the exam to get certified in an aspect of Azure and their personal experience with the platform, so you'll not only learn what you need to know to ace the test but also gain practical experience with real-world challenges you'll run into in the workplace. If you're completely new to Azure, the bundle starts with three courses that get you up to speed. First, you'll learn the basics of the platform in a course designed for non-programmers, before moving on project-based training to develop your skills, and a course on working with its file storage structure. From there, you can work your way up the certification ladder, starting with the foundational AZ-900. Practicing for this exam will help you hone your skills before moving on to the others, including AZ-104, AZ-204, and AZ-303 and 304. Each class will build on the last, returning to skills you've already learned and showing you new applications, while showing you what the exam will demand of you and how to knock it out of the park. Whether you're working with Azure every day, or want to build a new career, getting certified will help you get more out of the cloud. Get the 2022 Microsoft Azure Architect & Administrator Exam Certification Prep Bundle for $12 (reg. $1800) with code CMSAVE70. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Natural disasters like earthquakes are inevitable, and climate change is putting more of us in the crosshairs of floods, landslides, wildfires, and other dangerous situations. The fully funded IndieGogo hit GetxGo Pre-Filled Prep Kit gives you everything you need to handle these risks in a simple backpack, and for a limited time, you can save an extra 20% on it during our ongoing Cyber Monday Sale. In many cases, what's most fatal in the wake of a natural disaster isn't the event itself, but the lack of food, medical care, and communication that can stretch for days or weeks after it hits. Often, people are left with no choice, but to travel miles for even the basics. The GetxGo bag has a collection of carefully selected items that are needed during natural disasters. It includes a full first-aid kit, food and water rated for five years of storage, a set of communications tools including a crank radio and solar power bank for devices, everything you need to stay warm, and even a package of toiletries. All of this is protected by a bag made from silicone-coated fiberglass that's both water and fire resistant, with a reflective logo to alert vehicles to your presence. The closures are tough but easy to quickly open when need. And the bag itself is designed to keep everything organized and visible, so you can quickly find what you need, with all the products inside divided into six categories. The products themselves are all provided in partnership with Public Goods to ensure they're high-quality and sustainable. Disasters are going to happen, and being ready for them isn't always easy. Keeping a bag of essentials that you can grab and go will help ensure you, and others, can get through with less risk. Get the GetxGo Pre-Filled Prep Kit for $143.20 (reg. $185) with coupon CMSAVE20. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A Colorado resident says their condo association banned charging or parking electric vehicles, or EVs, in their own parking garage, according to CleanTechnica. "While both the state and county is looking seriously at the issue and understands that guidelines are needed for properties such as Decatur there are no such guidelines available yet," reads an email from the condo association obtained by CleanTechnica. "The Board of Managers has decided for the time being to prohibit any and all EVs from using the Decatur garage, either parked or charging." The email doesn't say where owners are allowed to park their cars, although we're guessing there's some kind of street parking nearby. It also leaves the question of where EV drivers can charge their car to make it, you know, usable. A quick Google search doesn't reveal any charging stations in the town itself, and the top three results are located in nearby Silverthorne. There also appears to be at least one hotel in Keystone that offers charging, but whether it's only for guests isn't clear. In other words, this is a big infrastructure deal. Imagine having to drive to another town over every time you wanted to fill up your car with gas. And what about drivers with disabilities? Surely street parking is nowhere near as accessible. In addition, it's not even clear that EVs pose a higher fire hazard than fossil fuel cars. There have been numerous reports of EVs catching fire, but whether it happens more than with gas cars remains contested. CNN reported a few years ago that in 2015, about 174,000 vehicle fires were reported and nearly every one of them were gasoline cars. Of course, EVs weren't as widespread back then, but in 2019 CleanTechnica reporter Steve Hanley did some updated math and found that according to the EPA, there are about 150 gas car fires every day. Hanley also pointed out that major publications are more likely to report on EV fires and crashes because the vehicles are a newer phenomenon. Of course, these tragedies are no less heartbreaking than if someone were to lose their life in a gas car accident or fire, but we certainly don't see 150 reports a day about them. From an environmental point of view, the more EVs replace gas cars, the better — although of course they're not a silver bullet. Still, anything that deters potential buyers is an issue, so it'll be important to nail down any genuine safety issues with EVs. And regardless of how you feel about EV fires personally, isn't it an overstep for an association to tell drivers they can't park their cars in a garage where they paid good money to own a condo? More on climate change solutions: Researcher: Electric Cars Aren't the Answer to Climate Change Share This Article 
There's a Moon cube now! At least, it looks that way based on some intriguing photos from the Chinese lunar rover Yutu-2, released by the country's space agency this week. The photos show a distant object that looks like a perfect cube, and China say the rover is headed to check it out. It's worth worth noting a few caveats about the photo, spotted yesterday by space journalist Andrew Jones, who described the formation as a "cubic shape." For one thing, the object is just a few pixels in the photo, meaning it could easily be some sort of optical illusion that'll be a disappointment up close. And China has struggled with lunar science communication in the past. In 2019, Yutu-2 "discovered" a "gel-like substance" on the lunar surface, but upon closer inspection it turned out to be, well, rocks. It also trumpeted the discover of a "shard" on the Moon earlier this year, but that turned out to just be another interesting rock. Did we mention that there's not a lot other than rocks on the Moon? Jones, for his part, is managing expectations. "So yeah, it's not an obelisk or aliens, but certainly something to check out," Jones tweeted in followup. The idea of alien artifacts on the Moon runs deep in popular culture — remember that one scene in "2001: A Space Odyssey"? — but, needless to say, none have been found in reality. The apparent cube sits in the Von Kármán crater, and China's space program has been dubbed it, evocatively, the "mystery house." Yutu-2 will spend two or three lunar days traveling to investigate the cube, each of which is about 29 Earth days long. Jones speculated that the object could be a boulder carved out by an asteroid impact, and posted a photo of a similarly sharply defined boulder found previously on the Moon's surface. CNET's coverage of the most recent discovery agrees with Jones' analysis, saying the most likely explanation is that the Moon cube is a boulder. That's not to say Yutu-2 hasn't ever found anything cool. In 2019, CNET reported the rover discovered that the Moon's surface was made of different materials than we previously thought, a discovery that could better predict how Earth's internal layers might change over time. We're not saying there isn't weird stuff on the Moon. After all, we just recently found enough buried oxygen under its surface to sustain billions of people. But suffice it to say we aren't holding our breath over Moon cube, and if it turns out to be anything other than a rock we'll be really impressed. Updated to correctly state the length of a lunar day. More on space: Scientists Discover Enormous Black Hole Right Near Our Galaxy Share This Article 
While Microsoft exploring some areas more than Windows, the latter's operating system is likely the product most of us know the best. Yet if you're not familiar with PowerShell, you're not getting the most from a tool you use every day. The 2022 Windows PowerShell Certification Bundle will show you what you're missing, and you can save even more on it during our ongoing Cyber Monday sale. PowerShell is an automation and configuration tool in Windows that uses a command line and coding. If you've ever had the IT department upgrade your laptop remotely, PowerShell was likely involved. It's particularly beloved and used by systems administrators, yet PowerShell is a tool anybody can use, and instructor Vijay Saini, an IT professional specializing in automation, built these courses around that. Saini's instructor rating is an impressive 4.3/5 stars, and his key point in these classes is that anybody can use PowerShell to take repetitive work off their plate. It's just a question of mastering the tool and the scripting. The bundle starts with an introduction to PowerShell, where to find it, and the basics of running programs in it, before moving on to the scripting language used to automate work. Then Saini moves the course into a set of real-world problems you might encounter and how PowerShell can solve them, sharpening your scripting skills while illustrating some practical ideas. From there, you can pick up advanced knowledge on Active Directory (AD) Management, and diagnosing problems in Windows by running detailed HTML reports. Even if you're only planning to use Windows for basic tasks, understanding PowerShell can help you better understand how it works and how to troubleshoot issues before you call IT, and it's also a great way to introduce yourself to practical coding skills. Get the 2022 Windows PowerShell Certification Bundle for $6 (reg. $1200) with code CMSAVE70. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Photoshop is so tightly integrated into our lives, Adobe has developed AI to find Photoshopped faces we otherwise wouldn't spot at all. Yet there's far more to the Creative Cloud than just Photoshop, and the 2022 All-in-One Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Certification Course Bundle will show you how to tap into it, with an extra savings during our ongoing Cyber Monday Sale. Taught by Adobe certified experts, game designers, music producers, and others who use Adobe's tools every day in a multitude of different ways, each course draws on real-world experience and challenges the instructors dealt with in their professional lives. Instructors like Joe Parys, whose rated 4.3/5 stars by his students, use their backgrounds to illustrate the skills you need to get the most from the cloud. The focus is on practical skills that you can use regardless of your skill. Whether you need to edit photos occasionally for work or are going to be polishing videos every day, there's instruction for you. Each of the ten courses chooses a different aspect of Adobe Creative Cloud. There's a full course on Photoshop, starting with beginner skills and working up to advanced editing skills. With video increasingly central to social media and marketing, there are three courses on Adobe Premiere, exploring it in detail, and another course on Adobe Premiere Rush, which makes complex editing on your phone simple. There's even an in-depth study of After Effects to create visual effects in post production. For graphic designers, there are courses on Illustrator and Lightroom. Web engineers can start with XD and Animate to polish their site's visuals. No matter what your job, Adobe can make it easier, and this bundle will show you how. Get the 2022 All-in-One Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Certification Course Bundle for $15 (reg. $2000) with code CMSAVE70. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Music is so fundamental, even stars can become instruments with the right tools. And in turn that means your audio affects your focus, your mood, and your energy level. WiredVibe is designed to turn out personalized music that keeps you on task, and you can save on a lifetime subscription during our ongoing Cyber Monday Sale. Tested by top universities, including the University of Michigan, WiredVibe was inspired by the trend of "study with me" videos online. it's powered by an AI that personalizes your music starting with external factors, like the weather, what you're doing, and how engaged you need to be while doing it. From there, it starts building a three-dimensional soundscape specifically for that moment, which will dynamically change over time as it gets new input. This also helps deflect distractions, as annoying sounds won't be able to find a frequency you're not already using. In the long term, the goal is to develop "brainwave entrainment." Our external setting affects how we work, as anybody who's tried to read a book when somebody's watching a too-loud TV in the next room knows, and music gives your brain a pattern it can build off of to put you in a proper headspace to work, sleep, or exercise. Featured on Benzinga and Jumbo News, WiredVibe's music is designed to feed you a unique pattern every time, so you never get bored. And since you have unlimited tracks, you'll never run out of music, either. If you need visuals as well, WiredVibe has virtual workspaces, so you can set the stage for work with video cues as well as audio. It also includes a Pomodoro timer and a to-do list to stay productive. If you're tired of being distracted, WiredVibe gives you a bubble of study space anywhere you've got a web browser. Get a WiredVibe Personalized Music Lifetime Subscription for $29.99 (reg. $1198) with code CMSAVE40. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Coding has penetrated so deeply into our lives, our cars may soon be mining cryptocurrencies while we charge them. So whether you're looking for a new career, or need to add skills to stay on top of your current job, the 2022 All-in-One Learn to Code Certification Bundle will teach you what you need to know for the coming year, and it's available at an even deeper discount with our ongoing Cyber Monday Sale. Understanding code will not only help your career, it'll help you understand how the tools you use every day work. Each of these fifteen courses are taught by people who work with code every day, from front-end engineers and web developers to PhDs and entrepreneurs. The courses are built around practical code-along projects drawn from their personal experience, so you can get a better sense of what the job of being a coder entails while picking up useful tips and tricks to stay on top of your work. The bundle features courses rated as high as 4.9/5 stars, and up-to-the-minute information on topics including web design, app development with Google Go and Swift, cloud computing and integration, database management for both those new to the topics and anyone looking to brush up on their skills. There are also short courses discussing non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and building Chrome extensions, perfect for testing out your new skills. Each course is divided into short units that are easy to review and fit into busy schedules, so you can learn at your own pace and thoroughly grasp more complex topics before you move on. The entire bundle is accessible via any device, so you can always fit in learning wherever you've got a basic laptop or review a lesson on your phone while traveling. Get the 2022 All-in-One Learn to Code Certification Bundle for $13.50 (reg. $3000) with code CMSAVE70. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Artificial intelligence is changing how we get around, from baggage handling to doing the actual driving and flying. That same tool is also making it easier to get the cheapest flight, and for Cyber Monday, you can save on a lifetime subscription to Dollar Flight Club. Dollar Flight Club earned 4.4 out of 5 stars on TrustPilot by combining big data and human intelligence. The service is built around the tricks the team of travelers behind the company use themselves when finding cheap flights, including using multiple airports in their region to check destinations. In fact, Dollar Flight Club got started as a way to avoid higher fares by directly visiting travel sites, which will raise prices on obsessive checkers. According to their research, this saves up to $500 a ticket, depending on the destination and the timing. And the mix of humans and automation means you don't have to search 24/7 to find a deal. When you set up the app, tell it your key departure airports and give it a list of destinations you're interested in. The app will grind through every flight scheduled from those airports relentlessly, looking for deals its over one million members might want to pick up. It even finds the occasional "mistake fare," where airlines incorrectly price tickets and have to honor it, provided you can snap the ticket up before they catch the error! When it finds one, you get an instant alert via email, and can then go and book the flight. In addition, this membership is at the premium level, so you get access to a host of exclusive deals and discounts on hotel stays, toiletries, clothes, luggage, and other travel essentials. Get the Dollar Flight Club Lifetime Subscription for $69 (reg. $690) with coupon code CMSAVE40 in our Cyber Monday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Dogs love us, even if we go to space without them, so return that love this Cyber Monday with the DNA My Dog Breed Identification Test & Allergy Test My Pet Kit Bundle and save 20% with code CMSAVE20. Winners of the Leaders in Ethical Canine Testing award at the BHP Biotechnology Awards in 2020, DNA My Dog makes it easy to learn just what breeds lie in your pooch's history with a painless test. Just use the included cheek swab to collect a sample and send it in using the prepaid envelope. In return, you'll get a full report within two weeks, discussing breed mix, DNA composition, personality traits, and possible health concerns to keep an eye out for as your dog gets older. You even get a certificate suitable for framing, so the next time somebody asks if they've got a little Corgi in them, you can prove it. Yes, dogs get allergies too, and just like human allergies, they can lead to unexplainable symptoms. The Allergy Test My Pet kit was built to help you find out what's troubling your four-legged pal. Just use the saliva collector for a quick and painless sample. Once it's sent in, the kit's team will test the proteins in the sample and look for signs of reactions to 100 common allergens found in food and the environment. Then you get a complete report, detailing what possible sensitivities you may need to look out for, with recommendations on foods to avoid and common environmental factors that might irritate their sensitive skin. You can cut down on pricey vet trips while making your dog a bit happier every day. Get the DNA My Dog Breed Identification Test & Allergy Test My Pet Kit Bundle for $96 (reg. $178) with code CMSAVE20. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We all love puzzles, and some puzzles have the potential to unlock the human mind. This Cyber WEek, you can save an extra 20% on the One Million Dollar Puzzle, and give the puzzle lover on your list both a head-scratcher and a chance to unlock a $1 million prize. When you first open the box, you're confronted with a 500-piece jigsaw puzzle, 15.7" by 15.7" square. The MSCHF team have placed color gradients to help puzzle fans get started, but expect a challenge, as the puzzle itself is a unique QR code. There's no picture on the box to help you and every image is different, so the puzzle fan in your life will get a good mental workout, rated a 5 out of 10 by the MSCHF team, as they assemble it. Once the puzzle is finished, you'll see the QR code. All you need to do is scan the code using any code reader, such as Google Lens or the iPhone's automatic QR scanning in its camera app, and you'll see a link. Visit the link, enter the secret prize code included in the puzzle box, and you can claim your prize. Prize amounts are a quarter, $100, $1,000, $10,000, or of course the grand prize of $1 million. They'll even pay you via digital check, so you can get your prize right away. Instead of putting a scratch ticket in a stocking, you can give the puzzle fans you know something they'll enjoy on two levels. After all, the only thing that beats the satisfaction of completing a puzzle is getting a reward for doing it. Get the One Million Dollar Puzzle for $19.99 (reg. $30) with coupon CMSAVE20 in this Cyber Week Sale. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.   Share This Article 
In a celebrity feud that sounds like it hatched from a game of Mad Libs, famed grunge vocalist Courtney Love tweeted out some sort of vague threat this week that features Elon Musk's private emails, Bernie Sanders, and a character from the show "Succession." You may remember that back in November, Elon Musk took a below-the-belt shot at Senator Bernie Sanders. "I keep forgetting that you're still alive," he told the 80-year-old lawmaker, in response to a tweet calling for the wealthy to pay more taxes. That's a pretty pretty hateful thing to say to a man who, according to The Hill, is currently trying to help Alzheimer's patients afford treatment — and, it's worth pointing out, it even annoyed Musk fans. So what in the world does this political beef have to do with Courtney Love? The 57-year old singer and actress, formerly married to late Nirvana lead singer Kurt Cobain, jumped into the fray on Thursday with a tweet that's both ambiguous and colloquial: "You know your str8, male, PayPal mafia email group?" Love tweeted.  "I was on bcc for MONTHS on that thing. With that information in mind, don’t you think in a 'civilized society' one should embrace paying our fair share of tax? Don’t pick on Bernie. It’s Kendall Roy shit." Was Love involved in some kind of financial group chat, maybe a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO), with Musk? At first, she refused to go into further detail, tweeting only that she was a "GOOD queen" and using the hash tag "#justpayyourtaxesbuddy." Reporters descended in the replies, trying to coax the star into talking. Later, she added a bit more boiling water to the tea she was spilling. "Mostly gross sex stuff, entitled dudes being suck ups/toadies," Love tweeted today. "I was sleeping w someone on it (Thielis not on it. So. Str8) it’s not his fault I got BCC’d.I like Elon the few times we’ve met..." But then — perhaps after her lawyer saw the exchange — Love deleted that last tweet, along with several others she'd fired off recently. By the way, Love seemed to be a Musk fan back in 2017, when she exulted over a previous SpaceX launch. It's worth noting, by the way, that even while Love is calling Musk out for tax evasion, the Daily Mail reported earlier this year that Love herself owed some $375,000 in taxes, according to state records. Forget who's paying what though. We wish we knew what was in those emails. Was it the kind of "locker room" talk that perpetuates and normalizes assault? And what about that "mafia" bit? Is she trying to say Musk is involved in organized crime? We'll probably never know for sure, as Love seems set on keeping details thin. Our main takeaway? Courtney, please keep posting! More on Elon Musk's winning personality: Elon Musk Brags That He is the Best at Humility Share This Article 
Is Elon Musk crashing the crypto market over a sibling rivalry? The top three cryptocurrencies were each down Saturday morning — with the still-dominant Bitcoin down a jarring 12 percent — after the Tesla CEO tweeted a meme mocking crypto fans. The wildest part? It may have been inspired by sibling rivalry. Friday evening, around 8:30 pm ET, the billionaire CEO took to Twitter to make fun of "decentralized autonomous organization" (DAO) and Web3 lovers, portraying them as evangelists who even pitched the blockchain gospel to urinal neighbors. "Hey man, you should really get into crypto," meme accuses Web3 fans of saying in the bathroom, though Musk didn't include any commentary of his own. According to WIRED, Web3 — a term coined in 2014 — can most easily be defined as "a decentralized online ecosystem based on the blockchain." We're currently living in what would probably be called Web2, which is controlled by mega-corporations with little government oversight. DAOs, or a  usually involves a group of people who pool resources and democratically decide to make investments, according to CNBC.  Both are supposed to usher in the new era of crypto, so why is Musk — usually a major booster of crypto tech — poking fun? The answer might lie in a big announcement his brother, Kimbal Musk, made just last week. A Nov 30 CoinDesk article says the younger Musk sibling is creating the Big Green DAO, an offshoot of the nonprofit that provides gardening education to children. CoinDesk also reports that Kimbal's right hand man comes from Decentraland, a metaverse company. Could Elon Musk's tweet be a reference to his brother's financial activity? Kimbal told CoinDesk he's been taking cues from "religious" crypto traders who obsess over creating a better world. "The religious are awesome," Kimbal Musk said. "They are total believers that this will decentralize the world [and] bring power back to the masses." Maybe Elon thinks his brother has gone off the crypto deep end, but it sucks for the IRL people whose investments are crashing. It's not the first time Elon's tweets have deeply affected crypto markets, but at least those weren't caused by some petty familial squabble (that we know of). Then again, Elon's gonna Elon — maybe he just isn't afraid to buck the trend, regardless of what his brother does. More on Decentraland: Plot of Metaverse "Land" Sells for $2.4 Million Share This Article 
Astronomers from the University of Texas have spotted a gigantic black hole at the heart of our galaxy's many dwarf satellite galaxies — meaning that, in intergalactic terms, it's just a stone's throw away from our own Solar System. The newly discovered black hole, dubbed Leo I, is roughly the same size as the suspected black hole at the center of the Milky Way. It also appears to be a bit of an oddball. By measuring the gravitational pull it has on the stars surrounding it, the researchers found that it's absolutely massive compared to the size of its host galaxy. The team used the VIRUS-W spectrograph attached to the McDonald Observatory's Harlan J. Smith Telescope in Texas, a highly sensitive instrument capable of spotting the velocities of stars in distant galaxies. "The models are screaming that you need a black hole at the center; you don’t really need a lot of dark matter," UT astronomer Karl Gebhardt, co-author of the paper published in The Astrophysical Journal, said in a statement. The more the gravitational pull, the faster the stars move. Their faster movement is believed to be an indication of higher concentrations of dark matter, the mysterious substance that many scientists think makes up the bulk of mass in the universe. But what they didn't expect is that the tiny dwarf galaxy's black hole would be way more massive than expected. "You have a very small galaxy that is falling into the Milky Way, and its black hole is about as massive as the Milky Way’s," Gebhardt said. "The mass ratio is absolutely huge. The Milky Way is dominant; the Leo I black hole is almost comparable." In fact, current models come as a big hit to existing theories surrounding the evolution of galaxies, since "there is no explanation for this kind of black hole in dwarf spheroidal galaxies," UT Austin doctoral graduate and coauthor María José Bustamante said in the statement. The discovery could force astronomers to rewrite how we understand the matter distribution inside galaxies. "If the mass of Leo I’s black hole is high, that may explain how black holes grow in massive galaxies," Gebhardt said. READ MORE: Strangely Massive Black Hole Discovered in Milky Way Satellite Galaxy [University of Texas University] More on black holes: Scientists Say Mini-Black Holes May Have Smashed Into the Moon Share This Article 
Tesla is, for some reason, selling a Cybertruck ATV for children before the release of one for adults — and it's already sold out, of course. This kid-sized ATV, named the Cyberquad, is as futuristic-looking as its still-in-production parent, and when it's back in stock will retail at about $1,900. Besides the comparatively-low price point, the Cyberquad diverges from other Tesla products in another key way: it requires self-assembly, Ikea-style, which may be why it's so relatively inexpensive. That, or the fact that, as the assembly instructions show, it was made not by Tesla itself but by the Radio Flyer toy company famed for its classic little red wagons — and which now also makes tiny, some-assembly-required Teslas for tykes that sell for about $500. Earlier in 2021, Tesla fans who'd been awaiting news of the Cyberquad since CEO Elon Musk showed one on stage in 2019 were teased yet again — except that time, it was via a Hot Wheels collaboration. In a Tesla-retweeted post, the company's chief designer Franz von Holzhausen claimed the ATV is "fun for kids and adults." But, to be fair, it's hard to imagine a grownup fitting comfortably on the back of one these things, given that it's, uh, clearly made for small children. Indeed, in the video accompanying the Cyberquad announcement, von Holzhausen appears to be riding one of the kids' ATVs and seems mighty cramped. Out riding with the kids on the Cyberquads! So much fun for kids and adults! @tesla pic.twitter.com/gq23GWsiDk — Franz von Holzhausen (@woodhaus2) December 2, 2021  The adult-sized Cyberquad, for those keeping track, was first unveiled the same night as the Cybertruck, and features a similar angular design. As Twitter one user noted, the new video does hint at a "full size" Cyberquad for adults, showing the Tesla design lead riding a larger version alongside some tots. Nobody knows, however, when or if it will be released — just like nobody knows when exactly the much-hyped Cybertruck will drop, either. Earlier this fall, Musk said that the Cyberquad — the full-size one, we assume — will be the "least dangerous ATV" at a shareholder meeting, after not mentioning it for almost two years. In the video trailer for the kids' version, which features the child models wearing a "Cybertruck" logo that looks an awful like the newly-resurged Stussy logo, the children are indeed wearing helmets, and Musk did suggest that his team is working to make "the ATV that won’t roll." Thus far, however, he hasn't indicated exactly how he's going to make the kids' Cyberquad particularly safe, and if Tesla's track record is any indicator, parents may want to find another high-tech toy to lavish on their kids this holiday season. READ MORE: The Hot Wheels Remote Control Cybertruck: Admittedly Pretty Cool And if you can't wait for the release of the full-size Cyberquad: This Guy Built a DIY Cyberquad and It's an Absolute Monster Share This Article 
Welp. It looks like SpaceX founder Elon Musk actually went into a barbershop and said, "Give me the Macklemore haircut." On Thursday, the billionaire was spotted after landing in Miami sporting a hairdo that can only be described as "terminally divorced." Musk was on his way to attend Art Basel Miami, a hoity-toity art fair, with his son in tow, The Daily Mail reports.   This man literally went into a barbershop and said, "Give me the Macklemore haircut" in this day and age twenty twenty one. pic.twitter.com/tkirrwWCju — T🎅ny H🤶 Tr🎄n (@TonyHoWasHere) December 3, 2021  Yeesh. Social media was quick to jump on the meme fodder, with many instantly roasting the 50-year-old Tesla CEO for getting a haircut that's a bit out of date even for Gen Z TikTok influencers.  I should get some sleep because I want to be up early, but I can't stop laughing at Elon Musk and his haircut. pic.twitter.com/bXZNHtqKz9 — dolores quintana (@doloresquintana) December 3, 2021  Raise taxes on Elon Musk for this haircut pic.twitter.com/pvfPfooAYk — Travis Allen  (@TravisAllen02) December 3, 2021  elon musk is the only man who can get a zoomer haircut and somehow look older pic.twitter.com/ztJpyY3Zkh — SEND UNSOLICITED DUCK PICS (@Scotchgard_Bong) December 3, 2021  Imagine being the richest man on the planet and this is the best haircut @elonmusk can buy This tells you everything you need to know about him pic.twitter.com/m90MzBpaan — Nobody You Actually Know IRL (@RealPolitikDude) December 3, 2021  Musk’s hairdo even spurred comparisons to cartoon characters: Hey @elonmusk I saw your new haircut, and I just wanted to say. It reminds of someone from my youth, who wasn't the nicest of guys...#villianvibes pic.twitter.com/3CmsQ4vgmM — Doug, with a mortgage and kids (@TheFlyingDJ2) December 3, 2021  As well as iconic movie characters:  @elonmusk I like your new haircut pic.twitter.com/NxAaycVIDI — monkeyboyplay (@monkeyboyplay) December 2, 2021  And even moments in history: There is a glitch in the Matrix.  This guy looks exactly like Elon Musk, especially with his current haircut. pic.twitter.com/InndwO5qHG — B Graham Disciple (@bgrahamdisciple) April 20, 2021  On a post in the subreddit r/Pics, folks piled on the billionaire, with one user quipping that he "looks like every 14 year old I see getting dropped off at the mall." "He’s a Peaky Blinder now," another user joked. "He paid good money for those hair implants too," another added, referencing Musk’s past baldness. Many made more comparisons to a famous Gary Oldman role, with one user saying, "He looks like Zorg from 'The Fifth Element.'" It’s a bold choice for the richest man in the world. You’d think he’d be able to afford a haircut that’s more, um, flattering. As with all bad haircuts, though, it’ll grow out, Elon. Don’t worry.  Unless, of course, it is just a hairpiece. If that’s the case, he might want to swap it out from something that’s a bit less Big Mid-Life Crisis Energy. More on Elon: A Day Before the Bankruptcy Leak, Musk Quietly Hinted at Taking SpaceX Public Share This Article 
A new Pentagon department may be bad news for the degree of transparency that's developed into the military's secretive cache of UFO documentation. In an editorial for The Hill, former defense analyst Marik von Rennenkampff argued that the Pentagon's new Airborne Object Identification and Management Synchronization Group is very bad news for the four brief years of unprecedented openness into the government's knowledge of UFOs (or, as they call them in militaryspeak, "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena"). And von Rennenkampff should know — he was appointed to the Department of Defense under former President Barack Obama, and previously served as an analyst in the State Department. Bolstered by interviews with other former officials, von Rennenkampff warned that the new DoD group, which will be under the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence & Security — what a mouthful! — is an attempt to turn back the clock on the steady drip of declassification of military pilot UFO sightings, and the Pentagon's terse acknowledgement of its interest in them. News of the new Pentagon office came quietly just before Thanksgiving and, in what is likely not a coincidence, was announced just after Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) introduced a bill that von Rennenkampff and others say will "revolutionize the study of UFOs." Self-styled whistleblower Luis Elizondo, who used to lead the DoD's informal UFO unit, told von Rennenkampff that this phenomenon shouldn't be treated "solely" as an "intelligence issue." "If we want 70 more years of secrecy on this topic, then [this] is the perfect place to put it," Elizondo said of the new group. "They’ve had four years so far, and we have little in the way of efforts serving the public interest." "If we want meaningful change and transparency," he added, "then we should keep the spirit of the Gillibrand amendment." Elizondo said he is "not convinced [that] burying this [issue] in the deep, dark bowels of the Pentagon under an intelligence organization is the best way to shed light on a topic that needs a whole-of-government approach," and even claimed that Deputy Secretary of Defense Kathleen Hicks "is being hoodwinked by certain elements and members of her own staff." The whole thing sounds remarkably like an "X-Files" plotline, and it's unsurprising that Elizondo had such harsh words. In 2017, he resigned from the DoD in protest of the "bureaucratic challenges and inflexible mindsets" that he said "plague" his former employer and its treatment of UFO phenomena. Ironically, the first of the shocking UFO declassifications that became an often-overlooked hallmark of Donald Trump's presidency dropped just a few months after Elizondo's resignation. In spite of his exit — which the Pentagon responded to by claiming he never ran the unit he claims to have run — Elizondo lauded most of his former colleagues as "patriotic" and "competent," and expressed optimism about Gillibrand's amendment in the face of the DoD's latest alleged attempts to hush up its knowledge of UFOs. "I think we’re in a good spot," he told The Hill. "I think we’ve come a long way. There seem to be a lot of people really trying to get behind this in a productive — not in a sensational — way." READ MORE: Ex-officials voice deep concerns over new Pentagon UFO unit [The Hill] More on government's intersection with UFOs: Head of NASA Suggests That UFOs Could Be Alien Technology Share This Article 
Every neighborhood used to have a milkman. Grocery stores and other modern conveniences have made that job extinct, now appearing only in old movies or your great-grandparents' stories. Technological advancement pushed switchboard operators into the dustbin of history too. Don't look now, but it may not be too long before financial advisors as we know them meet the same fate. Oh sure, there's always a place for a smart, educated human to help make sure your money ends up in the right places. But with the rise of robo-investing and self-directed trading platforms, more and more everyday investors are going it alone, grabbing control of their portfolios, learning the ropes, and taking control of their retirement planning. That move isn't usually happening because investors demand that level of responsibility. It's often because they're frustrated at how little they can do with a traditional or Roth IRA. Banks usually restrict those types of tax-shielded investments to some of their most basic, boilerplate low-risk stocks and bonds. It keeps those funds protected, but it certainly doesn't allow for high yield returns that could come from other investment types. Those investments aren't illegal. They can just be complicated to get right and remain compliant with the law. RocketDollar got it all figured out and now, their app makes it easy for the average IRA or 401(k) investor to earn big returns just like the insiders. That includes insiders like Peter Thiel, the tech mogul and PayPal founder who turned a standard Roth IRA into a $5 billion retirement account, all while maintaining all of that money's tax-protected status. RocketDollar offers Self-Directed IRAs that basically can help motivated investors whip up that kind of investment magic for themselves. It starts by offering up a bevy of legal investment opportunities that stretch way beyond the typical bank-approved fare. With RocketDollar, IRA, or 401(k) holders can invest in high-return possibilities like cryptocurrency, real estate, venture capital deals, and more. If those deals go well, all those dividends end up right back in your Self-Directed IRA, all tax-protected for your future retirement needs. Since these transactions deal with retirement nest eggs, it's not uncommon for there to be loads of questions about each person's plan. As RocketDollar members, users have access to their team of customer service experts who can help each investor set up and manage their fund or unravel their own particular question. Investors ready to take more control of their retirement investments can start by exploring a RocketDollar IRA or solo 401(k) account now. It begins with a one-time startup fee starting as low as $350 with a regular monthly membership of just $15 without any hidden fees or other costs. Prices subject to change Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If there’s one thing to love about the MacBook, it’s how much stuff you can get done on them. It may not yet be a quantum computer, but whether you’re managing a team, creating art, or working through spreadsheets, a Mac can handle it. But what if there was a way to squeeze even more out of your Mac? Maybe you need a service with hundreds of apps for you to choose from that enhance your productivity and helps you get things done faster. As part of our Cyber Monday Sale we are giving a 1-Year Subscription to SetApp for only $55.20 ($107) when you use the code CMSAVE20! TechCrunch called Setapp the “Spotify of Mac apps,” and with more than 200 apps available, that’s no joke. You can select the massive library of apps, covering things like maintenance, lifestyle, Mac hacks, task management, personal finance, and much more. If you’re looking for that program that makes it just a little bit easier to use your Mac, SetApp probably has it. As a bonus when you pay $55.20 for the 1-year subscription, you get unlimited app downloads and access to any future apps while your subscription is valid. There’s no hidden fees or extra costs for apps, just what you pay up front. SetApp has thrilled Mac users with how easy it is to download, install, and use Mac apps that give you a boost and make every day just a little bit easier. SetApp has received a 4.3 out of 5 stars on Trustpilot, with 73% of reviews giving a full 5 stars! When you use the code CMSAVE20, you’ll be getting the complete SetApp package for a full year for just $55.20. The time you save with all of these productivity-enhancing apps will make this investment more than worthwhile. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Are you looking for a drone that the techie in your family will love? Maybe you have a photographer friend, or someone who just loves getting the coolest gadgets? Get them a drone. Drones aren't just changing the world, they also combine the fun of flying through the air with the utility of a mounted camera. Perfect for beginners who want to get into drone flying, the Fader Stealth Drone quadcopter looks like a next-gen special ops device and flies like a dream. As part of our Cyber Monday sale, we are offering an additional 20% off the FADER Stealth Drone when you use the code CMSAVE20. Spend only $47.99 ($129) for a quadcopter loaded with some of the most advanced features out there. The Fader Stealth Drone is ready to fly right out of the box, its systems already set to go with automatic take off and landing, altitude holding, and flip capability. The Fader Stealth Drone also includes an HD camera, so you can get beautiful bird’s-eye photos in stunning 720p from your new tactical drone. The LED lights make it night-flight ready, and with a 6-axis control, the drone will respond to your every command quickly and smoothly, so you’ll be doing tricks in no time. The Fader Stealth Drone was reviewed by Know Techie, and they loved the device. Noting how tough the drone is, they said, “The Fader is remarkably durable considering its lightweight plastic […] It can also withstand smashing into a tree and being submerged in a creek for over 10 minutes while we looked for it.” It’s no surprise the review called it a “terrific little drone." For only $47.99, you can get the Fader Stealth Drone with code CMSAVE20 at checkout. It will open up a world of adventure and fun. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's no daytime talk show but you'll still get a car when you enter this sweepstakes from home. Fronted by the famous YouTuber Mr. Beast, you can enter to win a new Lambo, guaranteed! There's just one catch though…you have no idea how big that Lambo is gonna be. Will it be a die-cast toy Lambo, a remote-control Lambo, a kid's Ride-on Lambo, or a full-sized sports car? As part of our Cyber Monday Sale, we are taking 20% off the entry fee for this sweepstakes when you use the code CMSAVE20. Enter the Mr. Beast + MSCHF Everyone Gets A Car contest for just $28 (reg. $35). The fun of the sweepstakes experience centers on winning prizes from MrBeast and MSCHF, the next generation street-art collective. Whether it's a souped-up luxury car that purrs like a kitten or a buzzy little remote-control sports car, you won't be left empty handed! You'll only pay $28 for a chance to win a $450,000 Lamborghini Aventador Coupe. It may still need a windshield, but the Aventador is a sports car that will make any gear-head drool. The Aventador Coupe is a beloved car built by Lamborghini, and the quality is through the roof. Car And Driver gave the Aventador a 10 out of 10 stars in the their review, saying that "The final Aventador is a flamboyant, loud, and positively glorious hyper car." They went on to say that the Aventador, "Still looks exotic after all these years, V-12 pulls at our heartstrings, drives like a big ballet dancer." This piece of fine Italian engineering could be yours for just $28. As MSCHF's glorious mashup of hype-beast and luxury combined with Mr. Beast's pioneering genre of YouTube stunts, this sweepstakes is an event that you'll want to be in. Enter the Mr. Beast + MSCHF Everyone Gets A Car contest for your chance to win an Aventador for only $28 when you use the code CMSAVE20. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We can't all be a Jonas Salk, pioneering new treatments in medicine to change the course of the modern world. But investors can certainly still make their voices heard through the ages, backing historic innovations that could help shape the course of medicine for decades to come. Of course, being able to distinguish the groundbreaking from the mundane is no simple task either. But when you look into developments from companies like Covira Surgical, it's easy to see why so many might be bullish about the long-term prospects of its potentially life-changing research. The company is leading the charge in changing a rapidly growing problem in hospitals everywhere: the escalating number of postoperative infection cases and their debilitating effects. Today, as many as 4 percent of all surgical patients will develop a surgical site infection (SSI), a group covering almost 300,000 cases a year in the U.S. alone. Once an infection sets in on a surgical patient, it can drastically change their recovery process. That includes about an extra 10 days in the hospital, a 5 times greater chance of being readmitted after discharge, and adding to the $34 billion tab that post-op infections lay across the entire U.S. healthcare industry. Those cases have also been Dr. John Alverdy's life work. For more than 30 years, the surgeon and world authority on post-op infections has studied this alarming phenomenon. All that knowledge and research by Covira's founder and chief science officer has now helped yield a new approach to fighting invasive bacteria cases with the development of Pi-PEG. The medication is a colorless, tasteless formula that can be given to patients both before and after surgery. Unlike the effects of antibiotics, Pi-PEG takes a more holistic path to stop the spread of dangerous pathogens that can help infections grow to life-threatening proportions. Rather than eradicating bacteria as antibiotics do, Pi-PEG helps stimulate the natural production of phosphate in the patient's body, which works to calm and contain bacteria while slowing its growth exponentially. While those pathogens grow and reproduce normally yet remain harmless, the drink also promotes the user's intestinal microbiome, creating a more robust environment for the body's own natural abilities to thrive and stave off infection while healing from the effects of surgery on its own. Now in the process of earning the chance to undergo human trials, Pi-PEG has already earned over 200 positive peer reviews and is projected to help Covira generate $2.2 billion in revenue by 2037. With those types of numbers attached, Covira Surgical is hopeful about its new StartEngine effort to help crowdfund additional investor interest in the firm and its marquee product. For as little as $250, people can consider joining over 240 other investors who backed Covira's efforts to the tune of more than $330,000. Futurism may receive monetary compensation by the issuer, or its agency, for publicizing the offering of the issuer’s securities. Futurism and the issuer of this offering make no promises, representations, warranties or guarantees that any of the services will result in a profit or will not result in a loss. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A new revelation from Ghislaine Maxwell's sex trafficking trial suggests that one famous American astronaut was connected to billionaire sex criminal Jeffrey Epstein. The Daily Beast reported that during Maxwell's trial in New York, Epstein's longtime pilot Larry Visoski dished on some of the famous figures who he says rode the dead creep's infamous "Lolita Express" private jet— including John Glenn, the now-deceased astronaut who was on NASA's original Mercury mission and later went on to serve four terms as a Democratic senator for Ohio. It had previously been reported that Glenn's name had appeared on flight manifests for the infamous jet. An ameliorating detail, though, is that the flight seemingly took place in 1996 — years before any of Epstein's appalling sexual crimes were publicly known. During his time on the witness stand, the pilot claimed he did not believe the Jane Doe defendant in the case was underage at the time she flew on one of the Boeing 727s  Epstein owned, characterizing her as "a mature woman with piercing powder-blue eyes." That self-defending detail could cast doubt not only on Maxwell's alleged trafficking, but also on any claims about passengers, including the famed astronaut-turned-senator. But if he can be believed, Visoski's testimony would confirm 2019 reports that Glenn was one of the passengers in the notorious Epstein flight manifests that list everyone from Kevin Spacey and Donald Trump to Courtney Love and Naomi Campbell as having ridden on the series of planes where the mysterious mogul was said to have trafficked teen girls. We don't know too much about Glenn's relationship to Epstein — or that of any of the other alleged "Lolita Express" passengers — yet, likely because of the cone of silence surrounding the entire Epstein story. His connection is noteworthy, though, given that it appears to make him yet another famous politician who knew Epstein well enough to fly on his private jet — a sorry accolade indeed, intentional or not. READ MORE: Jeffrey Epstein’s Pilot Dishes on Flights With Donald Trump — But Claims He Never Saw Underage Girls [The Daily Beast] More on Epstein: Lawyer Slams Bill Gates for Connections to Jeffrey Epstein Share This Article 
A startup called Arcflash Labs is selling a $3,750 handheld railgun — and it's officially available for preorder now. The company claims that its GR-1 "Anvil" is the world’s first handheld Gauss Rifle, a type of weapon that uses electromagnetic coils to accelerate projectiles to extremely high velocities, also known as a railgun or coilgun. "The GR-1 is a potentially lethal weapon, similar to a high power PCP air rifle," Arcflash cofounder David Wirth told Futurism. So far, railguns have remained mostly a thing of science fiction — who could forget the fearsome weapon in the "Quake" franchise? — but there have been numerous attempts to turn it into a reality. The US military spent half a billion dollars testing and building a ship-mounted electromagnetic railgun that can fire projectiles at hypersonic speeds, for example, before abandoning the project due to technical challenges. Now, Arcflash has boiled the concept down to a much smaller scale. It says its futuristic, battery-powered handgun is the "most powerful coilgun ever sold to the public" and perhaps even "the most powerful handheld coilgun ever built." "You can hold far more energy in batteries than you can with gunpowder," Wirth told Futurism. And a battery eliminates the need for "explosive chemical propellants." But it's an entirely new type of armament that could have some potentially dangerous consequences, opening the doors to turn anything from metal rods to nuts and bolts into deadly projectiles. And its creators are already imagining military applications. "Imagine a scenario where a military squad is pinned down behind enemy lines and they're out of ammunition," Wirth told us. "With Gauss Rifles they could pitch a solar panel, charge their guns' batteries, and fire nuts and bolts off the ground as ammunition." It's worth noting, according to the company's website, that these hypothetical soldiers would be in violation of the company's own guidelines which — for now — say Arcflash is "NOT RESPONSIBLE for damage to the unit or personal injury caused by firing non-OEM armatures." At the moment, though, the company's railgun isn't quite ready for wartime. The futuristic weapon accelerates tiny "ferromagnetic projectiles," smaller than half an inch in diameter, to over 200 feet per second with 75 foot-pounds of muzzle energy. To put those numbers into perspective, a .357 caliber magnum handgun can achieve 580 foot pounds of force. A 9mm handgun can achieve well over 300 foot pounds as well, accelerating projectiles over 1,000 feet per second. In comparison, according to Vice's analysis, the GR-1 is more like a BB gun. In other words, it's much less likely to kill somebody than a conventional handgun. For now at least, according to Wirth, it's a tech demo that's "ideal for collectors, investors, researchers, tinkerers, and those who wish to own a weapon that's free from reliance on mass-produced ammunition." "It's just an Alpha test," he told Vice. But that doesn't mean Wirth isn't plotting new applications for the tech, including selling them to cops. One potential feature he told Futurism about would use a rangefinger to adjust the power so that projectiles would hit targets at nonlethal speeds. "This might not be as useful for military applications, but it vastly improves the safety and reliability of less-lethal projectiles for law enforcement," Wirth said. "The scalable effects of a Gauss Rifle would allow law enforcement to fire rubber bullets at a speed proportional to their distance to target, so they're less likely to injure someone if they're close and more likely to reach the intended target if they're far away," he added. For now, anybody willing to shell out close to $4,000 for a GR-1 will have to sign a liability waiver. According to Wirth, the company ran the GR-1 through an independent safety review and extensive testing. "However, even with all of these safety precautions and testing, there are still 'unknown unknowns,'" Wirth told Futurism, noting that "it's still a dangerous electrical device, and it's not a toy." The company is also operating in a bit of a regulatory void. Several US states have laws that forbid the sale of electronic accelerators like the GR-1. Consequently, Arcflash lists a number of states, counties, and even individual cities which it won't ship to as a result of local laws. The rollout of the GR-1 is an interesting inflection point for the sale of armaments, vaguely reminiscent of the rise of 3D printed guns — the democratization of gun ownership, whether within or outside the scope of government regulation. One allows practically any piece of metal debris to be turned into a bullet. The other allows anybody with an off-the-shelf 3D printer to manufacture their own gun parts. And that all raises the question: if it's not a toy and not a conventional handgun either, what is it? The company is aiming to get an entirely new and rapidly evolving type of weapon into the hands of the public. Whether that's a good idea, or a disaster waiting to happen, remains to be seen. More on railguns: Chinese Navy Installs Generators to Power Railguns, Energy Weapons Share This Article 
The US is the top generator of plastic waste in the world — and environmental researchers are ringing the alarm bells. A new congressionally mandated report for the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine paints an ugly picture of the sheer amount of plastic waste the country produces, much of which eventually ends up leaking into the ocean. "An estimated 8 million metric tons of plastic waste enters the world's ocean each year," the report reads, which is "the equivalent of dumping a garbage truck of plastic waste into the ocean every minute." And the US was a huge contributor. According to the report, the US "generated more plastic waste by weight and per capita than any other nation" in 2016, producing a staggering 42 million metric tons, with the majority ending up in landfills. By 2030, 53 million metric tons of plastic could end up in the ocean every year, which is "roughly half of the total weight of fish caught from the ocean annually," according to the report. A lot of this plastic ends up leaking into the environment through a variety of processes including "litter, illegal dumping, permitted or unintentional discharges, and the mismanagement of exported plastic waste to other countries," according to the report. Recycling has also failed to make a meaningful dent in the amount of plastic waste that ends up leaking into the environment. Marine and freshwater life is hit particularly hard. According to the report, scientists documented cases of 914 species getting entangled in or ingesting plastic waste across 747 studies. Scientists are now calling for the US government to come up with an "equitable and effective interventions across the entire plastic life cycle to reduce the US contribution of plastic waste to the environment, including the ocean" to be implemented by December 2025. Other countries have already taken some steps, including restrictions on single-use plastics, deposit-refund systems, and aggressive recycling targets. It's a dire predicament. Nature is clearly drowning under a crushing "global scale deluge of plastic waste" that is "seemingly everywhere we look," the researchers note in their report. Exporting extra plastic waste to other countries is also not addressing the problem as more plastic is ending in landfills overseas. Whether US leadership will step up and implement meaningful change remains to be seen. Oil producers are increasingly relying on producing plastics as climate change concerns are driving them away of refining it for fuel. "We can no longer ignore the United States’ role in the plastic pollution crisis, one of the biggest environmental threats facing our oceans and our planet today," Christy Leavitt, plastics campaign director for advocacy group Oceana, told The Washington Post. "The finger-pointing stops now," she added. READ MORE: ‘Deluge of plastic waste’: US is world’s biggest plastic polluter [The Guardian] More on plastic waste: New Technique Turns Plastic Waste Back Into Refinery-Quality Oil Share This Article 
While announcing his company's latest smartphone processor chip, one tech company executive was not only unperturbed that the phone's camera will always be scanning users' faces, but was actually excited by the prospect. As The Verge reported, Judd Heape, the vice president of product management at the Qualcomm corporation, bragged that the company's new Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 processor chip — which will be in 2022's fanciest Android phones — will allow smartphone cameras to "always" be "securely looking for your face, even if you don’t touch it or raise to wake it." The idea behind this creepy surveillance is similar to the microphones in our phones that are always listening to us, The Verge's report noted, but with one major distinction — that those microphones only activate on specific words and phrases ("Hi Siri!") and usually can't do much more until your phone is unlocked. Smart home products with cameras that regularly scan their surroundings, The Verge reminded readers, do already exist. But even those are less terrifying than this forthcoming Android tech because they're not always on your body, generally aren't repositories for all of our most personal information, and often come with physical shutters or system preferences that allow you to disable them when you're in the house. In an apparent attempt to quell fears that the phones' always-on cameras could be hacked the way smart home products have been, Heape said the cameras' data "never leaves the secure sensing hub while it’s looking for faces," suggesting that the camera won't be connected to the cloud or to the phone's apps that access the cloud. While it's freaky to consider a panopticon being carried around in the pockets of Android enthusiasts, there are a few potential saving graces, The Verge added. Ziad Asghar, another vice president of product management at Qualcomm, told The Verge that users will have "the choice to be able to pick and choose as to what is enabled and what’s not enabled," seemingly meaning they'll be able to opt out of the always-on camera. Moreover, there's no word yet on whether or not the makers of the Androids that the Qualcomm chips are going into will even enable the supersensory camera capabilities, in which case the company's apparent enthusiasm will be moot. These caveats are assuredly helpful in the short-term, but it was just a matter of time before someone began making this kind of smartphone camera. Now that Pandora's box is opened, it seems unlikely that it'll be shut anytime soon. READ MORE: Qualcomm’s new always-on smartphone camera is a privacy nightmare [The Verge] More creepiness: Google Testing Feature That Scolds You For Using Smartphone While Walking  Share This Article 
NASA scientists are really starting to get fired up about the idea of SpaceX's Starship, a massive spacecraft with the goal of lugging unprecedented amounts of cargo and passengers to distant corners of our solar system, Ars Technica's Eric Berger reports. "You can really take advantage of the Starship architecture and get to the outer Solar System in ways we haven't thought about before," NASA research scientist Jennifer Heldmann told Berger. "It could provide a revolutionary new way of exploring these worlds." Starship's scale could allow us to eventually send the first humans to Mars — or, alternately, just a lot of robotic research equipment — or other planets and moons. "Starship can bring unprecedented amounts of payload to Mars and elsewhere," Heldmann told Berger. "Planetary scientists need to be thinking about how we can take advantage of this capability because it’s extraordinary." Alongside a number of other NASA scientists and space experts, Heldmann published a paper back in May titled "Accelerating Martian and Lunar Science through SpaceX Starship Missions." The paper probes the many ways Starship could help boost space exploration. "The SpaceX Starship system fundamentally changes the paradigm for NASA science, technology development and testing, and human exploration of space," it concluded. Returning astronauts to the Moon has captured the attention of even those, who worked on the Apollo missions over half a century ago. Brown University's James Head, who worked with NASA to figure out where to land on the Moon in the 1960s, told Ars that "being on the floor of the SpaceX factory is the closest I’ve felt to having been in the Apollo program." Of course, SpaceX still has the difficult task of actually getting its Starship off the ground and into space. The first orbital flight tests could occur as soon as early 2022. The first trip to the Moon — if the Elon Musk-led company can end up banking on early successes — could happen as soon as 2024. With the first human landing on the Moon since December 1972 under its belt, SpaceX and NASA could begin focusing their efforts on establishing a lunar outpost — and scientists are practically salivating at the prospect. "We'd also be happy to fill up a Starship with Ingenuities," an unnamed NASA source told Berger, referring to the space agency's tiny but extremely talented helicopter. READ MORE: Planetary scientists are starting to get stirred up by Starship’s potential [Ars Technica] More on Starships: Leaked Video Appears to Shows Interior of SpaceX’s Starship Share This Article 
So we're doing this whole thing again, huh? About two months ago, a Twitter user posted screenshots of a 2013 email SpaceX CEO Elon Musk sent to employees, in which he elaborated on why he wanted to keep SpaceX private. Then, the day before yesterday, Musk suddenly replied to the months-old tweet, saying cryptically that "a lot has happened in eight years" — perhaps a hint that the billionaire is making moves to go public with another major venture. At least, that's one interpretation of Musk's reply. "But has a lot changed?" CNBC space reporter Michael Sheetz asked in reply. "Or do you think that SpaceX as a whole still won't go public until Mars missions are happening, with only a possible Starlink IPO before then?" Musk stopped short, however, and has yet to respond to Sheetz. In March 2020, Musk also scoffed at the idea of SpaceX spinning off Starlink as a standalone public company. Notably the CEO's tweet was sent just hours before SpaceExplored published a leaked email Musk sent to SpaceX employees, arguing that the company is in crisis and facing a "genuine risk of bankruptcy." Back in 2013, Musk was trying to reassure SpaceX employees by arguing that "if you believe that SpaceX will execute better than the average public company, then our stock price will continue to appreciate at a rate greater than that of the stock market." The CEO argued that public companies often go "through extreme volatility," which — if Musk's electric car venture Tesla is anything to go by — is a fair assessment. If Musk's comment does in fact mean he's considering going public with SpaceX, it could mean the space company is in for a rocky ride. Over three years ago, Musk caused a massive uproar when he tweeted that he is "considering taking Tesla private at $420" with "funding secured," some eight years after the company went public in 2010. What turned out to be an ill-advised weed joke landed him with a troublesome lawsuit from the Securities and Exchange Commission. In his 2013 letter, Musk argued that Tesla and SolarCity were public because "they didn't have a choice." He also judged SpaceX to be worth around $4 billion at the time. Today, SpaceX is worth a whole lot more, hitting a valuation of $100 billion in October. Then there's the fact that as a public company, SpaceX would have to face a full gauntlet of government bureaucracy — and if recent trends are anything to go by, SpaceX prefers to move at a breakneck pace. Has Musk learned his lesson since his fateful Tesla tweet? Considering he was tweeting about taking a dump just this week, investors will have to stay vigilant. READ MORE: Elon Musk Replies to Tweet on SpaceX Staying Private With ‘Lot Has Happened in 8 Years’ [Bloomberg] More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk Tersely Addresses SpaceX Bankruptcy Leak Share This Article 
Scientists may have answered a longstanding question about exactly where Earth's huge supply of water came from. A new study published in Nature Astronomy postulates that there may have been an additional step to the commonly-held theory that terrestrial water comes from carbonaceous asteroids — and it involves the sun. The root of the initial question about Earth's water, which covers about 70 percent of the planet, lies in the chemical makeup of carbonaceous — also known as "C-type" — asteroids. While they do contain water, it's richer in deuterium, a heavier version of the hydrogen-rich water we have on Earth. Looking beyond Earth, researchers noted that the sun is very hydrogen-rich. And now, a group of scientists have posited that the winds generated from solar flares may have interacted with the C-type asteroids that hit early Earth, resulting in our good ol' H2O. "Fine-grained dust, buffeted by the solar wind and drawn into the forming Earth billions of years ago could be the source of the missing reservoir of the planet's water," Luke Daly, a University of Glasgow geologist and the paper's lead author, told the school's news arm. Along with the Scottish institution, the study was conducted in tandem with researchers from a number of other schools and organizations including Purdue University, Oxford, and NASA. As the study's authors wrote in The Conversation, the discovery would have been impossible if they hadn't been granted access to three "extremely rare" pieces of the Itokawa asteroid collected in 2010 by the Japanese Space Agency (JAXA)'s Hayabusa mission, "each about the width of a human hair." What's more, they weren't even looking for water, but instead were looking "to study the outer surfaces of these dust particles in a brand new way to see if they have been affected by 'space weathering.'" "This discovery of water was very unexpected!" the paper's co-authors wrote. "By everything we knew, these minerals from the asteroid should have been as dry as a bone." This new finding could, in theory, help astrophysicists study the water on other planets that humans may inhabit in the distant future. It could also, as a logical endpoint, be crucial information in the coming water wars — so hallelujah for that. Read more: Up to half of Earth's water may come from solar wind and space dust [The Conversation] More H2O: Scientists Say Ancient Earth Was Completely Covered in Water Share This Article 
If you’re a travel lover like us, one of the best parts of seeing the world is getting to know the people and all the amazing things that you can find. The coolest hole-in-the-wall, a gorgeous tourist-free beach, or the winding paths of an old-city bazaar filled with color are just a few of the places that you’ll experience once you’ve left the beaten path. That’s no simple feat though, and it helps if you speak the local language! Lots of us don’t have time for formal, structured classes, and are looking for ways to learn with the ease of playing a mobile game or listening to a podcast. Well, you're in luck, because the Babbel language learning app is on sale for up to 60% off! Babbel is the #1 selling language learning app and is a lot more than just repeating vocab and learning something for street vendors to cheer while trying to upsell you on overpriced knickknacks. What Babbel does is prepare you for situations you’ll encounter in real life, you’ll learn everything you need to have real conversations. The folks at Babbel know that everyone learns differently, so they’ve included multiple ways to learn: lessons, podcasts, games, videos, content about culture, and even live online virtual classes with top teachers for languages like Spanish, German, Turkish, Dutch, and more! Babbel isn’t just a bunch of AI algorithms and machine learning; they have a team of over 150 language experts and native speakers who craft each course, so you learn how actual people talk in real life, not filtered through an algorithm. As noted by PCMag in their review of Babbel: “With Babbel, you learn concepts, words, and phrases unique to the language at hand—it's not a cookie-cutter course for each language, the way many of its competitors are. If you find other apps too easy, Babbel might be up your alley.”  In addition to learning how to speak and read a new language, you’ll also learn about that language’s culture, people, history, and more. You never know how Babbel will inspire you! Maybe you’ll learn how to cook new recipes, sing new songs, meet new people, pick up new hobbies or wander off the beaten path. Nearly 900,000 other users have chimed in, with 4.5 stars on Google Play and 4.7 stars on the App Store,  so you rest assured that Babbel is well worth the price. Babbel is a language learning tool that absolutely blows the competition out of the water. Its fast, easy-to-use interface will have you learning a language in as little as three weeks. If you’re a travel lover, working abroad, or have an upcoming trip for any reason, Babbel is the choice for you. For a limited time, you can subscribe to Babbel for 60% off the usual price. This deal won't last forever, so start your language journey today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We're all trying to figure out how to waste less, whether it's buying less packaging or turning trash into fuel. And if you host events, professionally or otherwise, you know that drinks, and the plastic cups they're consumed in, are a major driver of waste and trash. The New Draft Top® 3.0: Easy Can Opener is a game-changer that turns each can into its own cup and cuts down waste, and now you can save an extra 20% on it when you act fast. Successfully funded on Kickstarter, this can opener serves two functions for when you're preparing drinks. First, a squeeze of the pressure-regulated handle cuts away the top of the can smoothly and easily, so you can pull it away. That turns the can into a drinking vessel and when the drink is done, it's easier to clean. Secondly, it also smooths the rim of the can. This prevents injury, especially for those who may struggle with pop tops. It also sets the stage for some drink wizardry. The smooth rim removes burrs and sharp edges, yes, but it also makes it easy to turn a canned drink into a cocktail. Once you remove the top, all you need to do is add your preferred liquor, put a garnish on the edge, stir, and serve. In particular, a do-it-yourself cocktail bar is a snap. Just include a Draft Top, a selection of canned drinks, nips of all the alcohol you want to serve, and some pre-sliced garnishes, and let your guests' imagination run wild. You can focus on the other aspects of your party, and turn the social libations into a party game in of itself. This also makes it easier for your guests to track how much they've had without having to remember if that last drink was a heavy pour. Get the New Draft Top® 3.0: Easy Can Opener for $15.99 (reg. $29) with coupon CMSAVE20 for a limited time! Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you've been wanting to learn a new language, but haven't made the commitment yet, now is a great time to land some of the very best language subscription apps and save big. We've tracked down some of the most highly rated language learning apps that have special Cyber Monday deals available for new customers. Make sure to grab these quickly because the savings will only be around for a limited time. Enhance your communication skills and learn a new language. With a lifetime subscription to Mondly, you'll get access to all 41 languages that you can learn at your own pace and in your own native tongue. Get Mondly: Lifetime Subscription (All Languages) for $59.99 (reg. $2199) with code CMSAVE40. Reviewed by the Huffington Post as one of the best apps to help you learn a new language, MosaLingua is a personalized language learning tool conveniently nestled all in one platform that adjusts to your level and your schedule, letting you make quick progress and avoid time-wasters. Get the MosaLingua Language Learning Fluency Bundle: Lifetime Subscription for $59.99 (reg. $4,850) with code CMSAVE40. Given an impressive 4.7/5 star rating on Editor's Choice and 4.8/5 stars on the App store, the Beelinguapp allows you to learn 14 new languages by listening using audiobooks Get the Beelinguapp Language Learning App: Lifetime Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $100) with code CMSAVE40. Given PC Magazine Editors' Choice Award: Best Language-Learning Software 5 Years in a row, Rosetta Stone, featured in the Social Distancing Bundle, gives you lifetime access to all 24 languages on its award-winning software. Get the Social Distancing Lifetime Subscription Bundle Ft. Rosetta Stone for $159.20 (reg. $844) with code CMSAVE20. With over 10 million users worldwide and 556k+ reviews on the Google Play Store, Babbel is the #1 top-grossing language-learning app in the world. With this lifetime subscription, you'll gain access to all 14 languages with speech recognition technology to keep your pronunciation on point. Get the Babbel Language Learning: Lifetime Subscription (All Languages) for $179 (reg. $499). As seen in HuffPost, TechCo, Steamed, and given an impressive 4.8/5 stars on Apple Store, Speakly's subscription gives you lifetime access to learn all 8 of its languages in a fast and efficient way with relevant words and real-life situations. Get the Speakly: Lifetime Subscription (All Languages) for $ 41.99 (reg. $399) with code CMSAVE40. Successfully funded on Kickstarter and featured on Forbes, HuffPost, Digital Trends, and Gadget Flow, the Jumpspeak Language App focuses on verbal learning, not typing. Speak in fun, interactive Spanish conversations powered by AI, and get instant feedback with powerful speech recognition to speak accurately on day one. Get the Jumpspeak Language App: Lifetime Subscription (Spanish)  for $59.99 (reg. $299) with code CMSAVE40. With this bundle, you'll get 6 genius traveling hacks, a subscription to Matt's Cheap Flights, and a lifetime subscription to the award-winning Rosetta Stone where you'll be able to learn up to 24 languages. One happy person left this positive review reading, "Excellent package. Already saving money using the travel tips. Additionally, the Rosetta Stone program is so simple and intuitive. I am very happy with my purchase!" Get the World Traveler Bundle ft. Rosetta Stone Lifetime Subscription for $159.20 (reg. $1784) with code CMSAVE20. Given the Queen's Award for Innovation, this language program lets you listen to native speakers who are recorded in uTalk’s recording studio and feature independently verified translations, so you'll be able to navigate your next vacation like a real local. Get uTalk Language Education: Lifetime Subscription (Choose Any 1 Language) for $19.99 (reg. $59). The Wall Street Journal says, "Rosetta Stone... maybe the next best thing to living in a country." Right now you can enjoy a lifetime of learning through unlimited access to Rosetta Stone's award-winning software. You have unlimited access to all 24 languages and an online course platform with 1,000+ premium courses with this deal. Get the Unlimited Lifetime Learning Subscription Bundle ft. Rosetta Stone for $119.20 (reg. $1794) with code CMSAVE20. Prices subject to change Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The distinctive aroma of cannabis has something in common with eggs, skunk spray, and hops, researchers have discovered. As Science News reports, a new study conducted by cannabis industry researchers found for the first time that weed does, in fact, contain sulfur — and that a little goes a long, long way. Using instruments that detect sulfur chemiluminescence, gas chromatography, and mass spectroscopy, chemists at the company Abstrax Tech — whose business is producing the scent compounds known as terpenes that characterize fancy weed — discovered that the smelliest strains do, in fact, contain sulfur. What's more, the researchers also found that the most common sulfur molecule found in loud bud is prenylthiol, the same compound that gives "skunked" beer its notorious Pepé Le Pew-esque scent and taste. Other sulfuric molecules found in the Cannabis sativa that Abstrax studied included some that are structurally similar to garlic, the report noted. While it's unclear why nobody thought to look for sulfur in cannabis before, the relatively small amount found by Abstrax may have to do with it. Analytical chemist Iain Oswald, who worked on the study, told Science News that sulfur "can be in very low concentrations on the flower, but still make a huge impact on the smell." And smell psychologist Avery Gilbert, a person whose job title is as cool as this new finding and who also works with cannabis smells at the Colorado startup Headspace Sensory, told Science News that this research could both help mask the skunky scent of weed or amplify it, depending on the wants and needs of particular consumers. "The spectrum of cannabis odor is just amazing," Gilbert told Science News. "I think it beats the pants off of wine." More canna-science: Gene Sequencing Could Ensure You Get the Kind of Weed You Pay For  Share This Article 
Harvard's incoming Undergraduate Council president has penned a scathing op-ed about his fellow council members — and it reveals a lot about the inner workings of America's next generation of movers and shakers in tech, science, and beyond. In a Wall Street Journal editorial — because of course Harvard undergrads are able to get published in the WSJ — senior and president-elect Michael Cheng decried his peers on the rarefied institution's Undergraduate Council for trying "to cling to power" using a number of underhanded tactics that feel like something out of "House of Cards." Friendly reminder that this is the university that still employs Alan Dershowitz, and produced heavy hitters ranging from J. Robert Oppenheimer, Mark Zuckerberg, and Neil deGrasse Tyson. Maybe in that milieu of power brokers it makes sense, then, that Cheng describes the council as throwing wrenches into student elections before and after they took place. He detailed how the outgoing council passed rules that retroactively gave them new powers, including the establishment of a purportedly independent "Election Commission" that disqualifies candidates for things like "violations of the spirit of the election rules," and charged the electoral body with obscuring the check box next to his name on the ballots. After he was elected, Cheng said the "lame duck" council then passed rules to try to stop student governors from amending the school's constitution and passed rules that would require a "supermajority" of votes to do anything. Is it any wonder that Harvard, a storied university that symbolizes the absolute best in American — nay, Western — academia is home to student politicians who take "vending machines" and "free doughnuts" so seriously that they're willing to enact legislative corruption as brazen as the North Carolina GOP's? In popular culture, Harvard is just as likely to stir up recollections of Jeffrey Epstein's dirty money and its drawn-out admissions scandal as its academic accolades. And anyone who's ever interacted with Harvard graduates knows how seriously they take themselves, and for those lucky enough not to, the experience can be replicated by watching "Friends from College," Keegan Michael-Key and Billy Eichner's Netflix show about a grownup toxic friend group who were produced in those hallowed halls. People enter the Ivy League from lots of backgrounds — as legacies, as star athletes, and as uber-high-performing students. While it's unfair to paint all Harvard students with the same holier-than-thou brush, the reality of the cutthroat student culture of that ivory tower enclave is as well-illustrated in Cheng's op-ed as it is in that undersung classic, "Legally Blonde." More on that school in Cambridge: Scammers Are Creating Fake Students on Harvard.edu and Using Them to Shill Brands Share This Article 
It looks like Elon Musk is placing the burden of SpaceX's imminent bankruptcy squarely on the shoulders of his employees, as new leaked emails reveal that he expected them to work through the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. "Unless you have critical family matters or cannot physically return to Hawthorne," Musk wrote in an email obtained by Space Explored, "we will need all hands on deck to recover from what is, quite frankly, a disaster." In the email, subsequently confirmed by CNBC, the SpaceX and Tesla CEO said that although he "was going to take this weekend off, as my first weekend off in a long time," he will instead "be on the Raptor line all night and through the weekend" — before suggesting that his employees must do the same as well. As Space Explorer previously reported, the company's much-ballyhooed Raptor engines are the source of its possible bankruptcy — or rather, stalled progress on the engines is the problem. When describing the issue, Musk seemed to allude to the exit of Will Heltsley, SpaceX's former propulsion VP who left earlier in November over the same problem with the Raptor engines. "Unfortunately, the Raptor production crisis is much worse than it had seemed a few weeks ago," the CEO wrote. "As we have dug into the issues following the exiting of prior senior management, they have unfortunately turned out to be far more severe than was reported. There is no way to sugarcoat this." There's little doubt that SpaceX employees make their living in a difficult workplace. When they're not dodging layoffs, the company has also been subject to alleged labor law violations such as being asked to work off the clock and barred from taking lunch breaks. And none of that holds a candle to Tesla, where Musk has been accused of meltdowns and on-the-spot firings. While he may not be the Steve Jobs of the commercial space industry, the prevailing presumption among Musk-watchers is that he's quite hard to work with — and as this leaked email shows, that suspicion may be justified. More on SpaceX: In Leaked Email, Elon Musk Says SpaceX Is Facing Bankruptcy Share This Article 
For the first time ever, a commercial airliner has taken flight with both its engines running entirely on sustainable fuel recycled from waste products, a collaboration between Airbus, Rolls-Royce, and the German space agency (DLR). The plane, an Airbus A350, took off from southern France and spent about 30 minutes airborne on three separate occasions back in April. Now, the results are in — and they look "promising," according to a press release. "We were really happy to see, as predicted, the particular emissions of the aircraft were much lower when using the 100 percent SAF," head of future fuels at Airbus Toby Wells told the BBC. "These particular emissions lead to the formation of contrails, which have a big contribution to aviation's climate impact." "We still have a lot more data to analyze and further tests to perform, but the initial results are very promising," he added. The jet's fuel was made up of 100 percent sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). Right now, the airline industry only allows planes to use blends made up of only 50 percent SAF and conventional jet fuel. SAF may closely resemble conventional jet fuel on a chemical level, but no fossil fuels are needed to produce it, making its carbon footprint significantly smaller. The fuel can be made from a mash of different waste materials including cooking oil, other waste oils, and even solid waste from homes and businesses including plastic, paper, textiles, and food scraps. Getting hands-on data is crucial to investigate if relying entirely on SAF is feasible. "Engines and fuel systems can be tested on the ground but the only way to gather the full set of emissions data necessary for this program to be successful is to fly an aircraft in real conditions," Steven Le Moing, program manager at Airbus, said in a statement. "In-flight testing of the A350 offers the advantage of characterizing direct and indirect engine emissions, including particulates from behind an aircraft at high altitude." Simon Burr, Rolls-Royce director of product development, said that teams "found no engineering obstacle to our engines running on 100 percent SAF." All told, it's a promising new development that could allow us to greatly reduce the carbon footprint of commercial airliners. READ MORE: Airbus and Rolls Royce involved in sustainable air fuel trial [BBC] More on renewable jet fuel: The World’s First US-to-Australia Biofuel Flight Was Powered by Mustard Seeds Share This Article 
The US government has slapped sanctions on several Chinese quantum computing organizations, barring any American companies from doing business with them unless expressly permitted. As PC Magazine reported, these eight companies have been added to the US Department of Commerce's very normal-sounding "Entity List," for their work helping the Chinese government advance military applications for quantum computing. For those unfamiliar, quantum computing is as far-out as it sounds. The idea is to use quantum states to store and transfer information, using quantum bits known as "qubits" instead of conventional bits. Researchers hope that quantum computers will one day be able to solve extraordinarily complex problems that today's supercomputers can't crack — a concept that, while it's not quite here yet, remains extremely sought after by governments that want its capabilities first. China's been bragging about its quantum computing capabilities for a few years now. While it's not the only country mentioned in the most recent updates to Commerce's Entity List — 20 additional companies from Japan, Singapore, Russia, and Pakistan also made the cut — its inclusion represents yet another inflection point in the increasingly-volatile technological cold war between the US and China. After the sanctions were announced, China responded by claiming the US "uses the catch-all concept of national security and abuses state power to suppress and restrict Chinese enterprises in all possible means," Reuters reports. A spokesperson for the Chinese foreign ministry also warned that the country may take countermeasures to defend its companies. While the public isn't currently privy to the details of the actual or potential military functions of quantum computing, we know the broad strokes: it could conceivably be, as Commerce noted in its latest sanctions announcement, used for "counter-stealth and counter-submarine applications, and the ability to break encryption or develop unbreakable encryption." When the government puts it that way, it all sounds very scary, but we mustn't forget that generally, when the US sanctions Chinese tech, it's often the same stuff we're doing here. Publicly information suggests that China is making huge strides in the quantum arms race, but there's no doubt that if the US and American tech giants are indeed behind, they're spending billions to catch up. Read more: US Military Horrified by Chinese Military Spending Money on Exact Same Crap They Do Share This Article 
A British anti-vaxxer has died of COVID-19 after opposing the vaccine on animal rights grounds — but there may be more to the story than meets the eye. First reported by the Birmingham Mail and soon after aggregated by the infamous Daily Mail tabloid, 54-year-old Glynn Steel died of COVID in November after getting what at first seemed like a common cold. Though his wife was reportedly double-vaccinated, Steel refused to get the jab on principle because he'd heard that the companies producing these life-saving inoculations tested them on animals. He was right on that count — Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna, and Johnson & Johnson all tested their vaccines on animals, which is required by law in the UK and a standard practice when studying pharmaceutical efficacy. Shortly after the Daily Mail published their write-up, the Daily Star, another British tabloid, took it for a whirl. Next was the Manchester Evening News, then a few outlets in Australia and New Zealand, and finally, the International Business Times (a site that, you might recall, was once owned by a Korean gun cult). Most of the aggregated articles about Steel's death follow the same formula as the rest of the content in the growing anti-vaxxer death cottage industry: a description of his reasoning for refusing to get vaccinated, a short paragraph about the trajectory of his illness, and, of course, his deathbed admission that he wished he'd gotten the jab after all. While there's no doubt that this British animal lover's refusal to get vaccinated was both ill-informed and the ultimate cause of his death, the minor feeding frenzy related to the relatively-unique reason for his anti-vax stance represents both a fundamental misunderstanding of the breadth of anti-vaxxer beliefs and, more importantly, demonstrates how macabre and cruel reporting on anti-vax deaths has become. Anti-vaxxers aren't just crazed right-wingers — they exist in every subculture and their core mistrust in the medical industry transcends political party. While most of us agree that they are the main thing keeping COVID alive, the effort to win the hearts and minds of these self-described "vaccine skeptics" hasn't made much progress. There's no easy solution, but one thing is for sure: gleefully dancing on the graves of the people who die from COVID after refusing to get vaccinated definitely isn't convincing anyone to get the shot. Read more: What do all these stories of vaccine denial deaths do to our sense of empathy? [Washington Post] Share This Article 
As hype around metaverses steadily rises to a fever pitch, many early innovators of digital worlds have been quick to offer up their advice — and stern warnings — to those building them.  Such was the case with Philip Rosedale, the founder of the virtual world "Second Life," who recently spoke to Time along with anthropologist and author of Coming of Age in Second Life Tom Boellstorff about their insights on building metaverses. Part of his advice was a thought-provoking warning about creating a moderation system that allows users to "equitably co-exist in a metaverse." "There are things like getting identity right, so you’re not doxxing a person by identifying the real person behind the avatar — but the avatar or the pseudonym of the individual is sufficiently stable so there are consequences to their actions and they’re going to behave well," he told the magazine. "But we are simply not there yet on the internet: We don’t have identity systems yet that would enable strong governance." Boelstorff also added that there needs to be a strong framework in place in order to prevent bad actors from using the platform for harm. In fact, he said that since users had to pay for a "Second Life" subscription, ad-driven corporations weren’t able to exploit it as effectively as a platform like Facebook or Twitter.  "The subscription model of 'Second Life' is one reason that you don’t have misinformation and anti-vax stuff," Boellstorff told Time. "None of this metaverse stuff going forward has to be a particular corporate ad-driven model." Another warning Rosedale had for metaverse developers is that they have to contend with its sizable barrier to entry. After all, in order to access the metaverse, you’ll likely need to have a host of expensive technological equipment including a computer, VR headset, and a stellar internet connection. He added that even with all that, many users often still "don’t want to be a cartoon avatar while wearing a VR headset." Even when you set the technology aside, there will be large swaths of the population who will likely still have little to no interest in spending time in a metaverse, no matter how hard you try. "If you live a comfortable life in New York City and you’re young and healthy, you probably are going to choose to live there. If I offer you the life of an avatar, you’re just not going to use it very much," Rosedale said. "On the other hand, if you live in a rural location with very little social contact, are disabled or live in an authoritarian environment where you don’t feel free to speak, then your avatar can become your primary identity." Rosedale’s insights are actually very tame and supportive when compared to other early metaverse innovators. In an essay published on his company’s blog this summer, Pokémon Go creator John Hanke asserted that the metaverse would be a "dystopian nightmare" if created in VR. Meanwhile, AR pioneer Louis Rosenberg penned an op-ed where he expressed a similar concern "about the legitimate uses of AR by the powerful platform providers that will control the infrastructure."  Only time will tell if some rendition of the metaverse does end up fulfilling their Cassandran warnings. At the very least, developers might want to take the advice of the creator of one of the most popular and successful virtual worlds of all time.  READ MORE: 6 Lessons on the Future of the Metaverse From the Creator of Second Life [Time] More on metaverse warnings: AR Pioneer Warns That MEtaverse Could Make “Reality Disappear” Share This Article 
Scientists have created synthetic organisms that can self-replicate. Known as “Xenobots,” these tiny millimeter-wide biological machines now have the ability to reproduce — a striking leap forward in synthetic biology. Published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a joint team from the University of Vermont, Tufts University, and Harvard University used Xenopus laevis frog embryonic cells to construct the Xenobots. Their original work began in 2020 when the Xenobots were first “built.” The team designed an algorithm that assembled countless cells together to construct various biological machines, eventually settling on embryonic skin cells from frogs.  The machine bodies were assembled using biological cellular material and artificial electrodes. When they were activated, the cells began to work together. Forming a sort of architecture, the skin cells began to form into “bodies” that could perform specific tasks, such as pushing microscopic objects around or organizing themselves and moving in formation. Moving beyond the ability to perform simple robotic tasks, the team has now upped the ante.  “With the right design — they will spontaneously self-replicate,” research co-leader Joshua Bongard, a computer scientist and robotics expert at the University of Vermont said in a press statement.  Much like any good dystopian “Kill all Humans” movie scenario, the little robots swim around and begin gathering hundreds of single cells in their Pac-Man-like “mouths.” A few days later, out pops a brand new Xenobot. “It’s very non-intuitive. It looks very simple,” researcher Sam Kriegman said in the release, adding that “those parents built children, who built grandchildren, who built great-grandchildren, who built great-great-grandchildren.” It’s natural to think that these little Xenobots will one day be responsible for a robotic uprising and the future hellscape of the “Terminator” franchise, but the biological machines are pretty harmless. Unlike current technology, like a laptop, Xenobots can simply be turned off, and in about seven days, biodegrade as any skin cell would. Moreover, the team isn’t looking to release Xenobots into the world to be robotic helpers. Rather, the idea is to study how their creation can lead to better and faster algorithms that can manipulate already living and functioning cells.  “If we knew how to tell collections of cells to do what we wanted them to do, ultimately, that's regenerative medicine — that's the solution to traumatic injury, birth defects, cancer, and aging,” said Tuft’s Michael Levin, a co-author on the study. “All of these different problems are here because we don't know how to predict and control what groups of cells are going to build. Xenobots are a new platform for teaching us.” More on synthetic organisms: Scientists Are Printing Living "Xenobots" Out of Biological Cells Share This Article 
Get ready for the holiday shopping season with our top VPNs this Cyber Monday. Virtual private networks stop snoops and prevent geofencing, so you can use the apps you pay for when you travel. And during our Cyber Monday Sale, you've got your choice of the best privacy protection out there. Pictured above, FastestVPN adds a firewall to Network Address Translation functions, helping to guard your connection from breaches at the router level. Get a FastestVPN Lifetime Subscription (5 Devices) for $11.99 (reg. $600) with coupon CMSAVE40. If you've got a lot of devices, or a lot of family members, upgrade to a 10-device license for FastestVPN. Get a FastestVPN: Lifetime Subscription (10 Devices) for $14.99 (reg. $1200) with coupon CMSAVE40 With a perfect 5/5 stars from PCMag, CNET and TrustPilot, Nord's double encrypted tunnels and top-notch customer service are ideal for people who need strong security. Get a NordVPN 1-Year Subscription for $35.40 (reg. $286) with coupon CMSAVE40. If you need unlimited data on unlimited devices, SurfShark is built to fit your on-the-go needs. Get a SurfShark VPN 2-Year Subscription for $56.99, no coupon necessary. BulletVPN's remote setup tools and streaming-friendly design make it ideal for viewing the apps you've subscribed to, wherever you are. Get a BulletVPN Lifetime Subscription for $23.39 (reg. $540) with coupon CMSAVE40. The New York Times "anti-tracking tool of choice," Disconnect is built to prevent trackers and malware from slowing down your device and draining your battery. Get a Disconnect VPN Premium Lifetime Subscription (3 Devices) for $17.99 (reg. $500) with coupon CMSAVE40. Built for travelers, SlickVPN's tight encryption and fast speeds made it one of TheBestVPN.com's best-reviewed apps. Get a SlickVPN Lifetime Subscription for $11.99 (reg. $1200) with coupon CMSAVE40. This lightweight VPN is built to be easy to use on the go, with any device and a license that lets you use it anywhere. Get a Seed4.Me VPN Lifetime Subscription (Unlimited Devices) for $23.99 (reg. $432) with coupon CMSAVE40. PCMag's top VPN offers multiple protocols, 256-bit military grade encryption, and easy router configuration so you're safe in public and private. Get a KeepSolid VPN Unlimited Lifetime Subscription for $39.99, no coupon needed. If you've got a Mac or iOS device and love to travel, WiFiMask was engineered to meet your specific needs with lightweight apps and fine-tuned servers. Get a WifiMask VPN Unlimited Devices 3-Year Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $143) with coupon CMSAVE40. Winner of BestVPN.com's Fastest VPN Award for 2019, Ivacy backs up those speeds with a dedicated add-on for Kodi and quick connections to over a thousand servers. Get an Ivacy VPN 5-Year Subscription (5 Devices) for $23.99 (reg. $597) with coupon CMSAVE40. Hop makes your home base your VPN server, giving you a quick and simple way to protect your privacy that's easy to configure and completely under your control. Get a Hop VPN Lifetime Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $148) with coupon CMSAVE40. With 4.1 out of 5 stars on Google Play, BelkaVPN blocks trackers on public Wi-Fi while making private apps easily accessible. Get a BelkaVPN Lifetime Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $719) with coupon CMSAVE40. Built not just for laptops and phones, but also smart TVs, streaming boxes, and game consoles, iPro has earned a 4.8 out of 5 stars on TrustPilot. Get an iProVPN Lifetime Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $600) with coupon CMSAVE40. The fastest growing VPN in Asia, VPN.asia is also Linux-compatible, making it ideal for dual-boot and Linux-only devices. Get a VPN.asia 10-Year Subscription for $47.99 (reg. $1080) with coupon CMSAVE40. Give everyone the gift of a protected device with this 3-pack of lifetime subscriptions! Get a KeepSolid VPN Lifetime with 5 Devices: 3 Accounts Bundle for $41.40 (reg. $597) with coupon CMSAVE40. With 4..4 stars out of 5 on Google Play and 4.6 out of 5 stars on the Apple App Store, AdGuard is one of the top-rated "lightweight" VPNs, built to connect quickly and maintain high speeds. Get an AdGuard VPN 5-Year Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $359) with coupon CMSAVE40. Named one of CNET's Best VPN Services for 2021, Private Internet Access uses trusted, tested open source VPN protocols to help protect your data with 24/7 live support if you run into problems. Get a Private Internet Access VPN 2-Year Subscription for $69.95, no coupon required. Awarded "The World's Fastest VPN" two years in a row by speed-test experts Ookla, Hotspot Shield has zero logs and is built to help avoid throttling at home and malware on the go while offering blazing fast speeds. Get a HotSpot Shield VPN Premium 3-Year Subscription for $89.99, no coupon needed. With full-stack IP support and ad-blocking included, VPNSecure is designed to be used across devices for a lifetime. Get a VPNSecure Online Privacy Lifetime Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $1194) with coupon CMSAVE40. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everyone loves a trainwreck Twitter rant, but who in the world has time to read 147 tweets about how non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are the future and also, uh, how they're causing one guy's divorce? If you hadn't noticed, NFT madness has become one of our top beats here at Futurism, and we're pleased to announce that this reporter sifted through all 147 sad, goofy, desperate, and unhinged tweets from a user with the handle DeltaWither so that you didn't have to. For those lucky enough to not have come across the many, many jokes and incredulous quote-tweets over Thanksgiving weekend, it can best be summarized as an absolutely bonkers thread in which Twitter user DeltaWither details that their wife is leaving them for taking out a $186,00 loan so they could buy a Lazy Lion NFT. There's a whole lot of unknowns to get out of the way before delving into the best bits of the thread that is, in fact, an exhausting 147-tweets long. For instance, while we can assume that the user is a man, they never identify themselves and therefore we don't really know. We also don't know whether or not they're serious, and at least one person has wondered whether DeltaWither was doing a "bit," be it Horse_ebooks-style performance art or a really, really dedicated troll. The other, and perhaps most important, question the thread raises is whether DeltaWither might be experiencing some form of mental illness. As someone who actually read the whole thing, it's clear to this reporter that if this person is serious and not trolling, they are at very least obsessive, given that they repeat lots of phrases over and over and keep interjecting into their own thread to beg their wife "Karen" — another sign that the whole thing might be a dark joke — to come back to them. Whatever the truth is, here are some of the best quotes from this viral rant. If you're curious, you can read it all much more easily via ThreadReader. These are listed chronologically, and each explains the story as it unfolded. "[E]ven my wife is against me. She left to live with her parents, and she has been talking about custody of our two children. I can't believe this. The love of my life may actually be thinking about divorcing me because she can not understand the business of the future. I tried to explain it to her, it's not just an image, it's an investment. I buy it for 186k, someone else buys it from me for 500k." "But she doesn't understand, this is NOTHING like the tulip mania. If you actually understood what you are talking about, maybe you would see the differences. But she doesn't care. All she's thinking about is divorcing me and getting custody of our children because of my ‘shitty financial decisions’." "Look at yourself, are you happy with who you are? Are you happy living for work, living with barely enough money? Look at your surroundings, there are people even less fortunate than you EVERYWHERE. NFTs can solve that problem forever! Don't you see? Just for a few laughs on the internet you steal NFTs, at the cost of the future of humanity." "Once everyone embraces NFTs and there is no poverty, we can all solve climate change TOGETHER. What is so hard to understand? This is not a get rich quick scam, it's a way of life, a movement that will change society as we know it." "Make a big pool of ethereum and NFTs, and use it to buy the biggest governments in the world: the United States, the European Union, Russia, China, India, Japan, the UK, Canada, Australia, you get the point. Of course, we are not going to own the entire government, the point is to act in the shadows, like the feared Illuminati." “For hackers who find ways to steal NFTs bypassing the screenshot and right click save prevention mechanisms, we will give them from 10 years to life in prison, unless they delete the stolen NFT and give the owner back as much value as was stolen by paying with other NFTs.” “And I am not a tyrant, I will not have my wife imprisoned for not believing in me, it's not her fault that she has been brainwashed into believing fiat is better than NFTs. In fact, I will be waiting for her with open arms. One day she will realize this is the work of genius, not insanity, and she will come running at me, asking for forgiveness. Of course, I will forgive her, since I'm not a tyrant as I said earlier." "When everyone has finally embraced NFTs, all screenshotters and right click savers have been stopped, fiat has been overthrown, currency has been completely decentralized, and everyone is free and happy, we can just pay scientists to figure out how to stop global warming and how to make NFTs and ethereum more environmentally friendly." "NFTs will NOT be stopped or hindered by anything. Even if blood is shed, even if families are broken, even if the world crumbles because of the downfall of fiat, nothing will stop us." "Please, fiat people, stop. From the bottom of my heart, please, I ask you to stop now. I don't want to hurt anyone, but if you keep stealing NFts you are giving me no other option. If you keep going down this path, maybe I will have to jail you myself in the future for hacking devices to be able to steal NFTs. Please, stop now, realize that what you are doing is wrong and hindering the progress of humanity. Future generations will thank you for understanding." "Please, you are not busting scams, you are busting the currencies of the future, and quite honestly, you are also busting my balls." "Please NFTbros, don't be deceived by their words, especially SomeOrdinaryGamer's. Maybe it was him who deceived my wife into believing fiat is better than crypto. That makes sense. She likes to watch youtube sometimes, so maybe that's it. Or maybe it was the kids, they are always watching youtube." "I will show my wife that I am willing to do anything for her. Maybe she doesn't realize it now, but I am trying to save her. She just doesn't understand my intentions. I love her so so so much, and it pains me to watch her being dragged down by the outdated centralized currency mindset." There's much, much more madness in the thread, but these highlights and the tome they come from are either the work of a very sad and brainwashed individual or a next-level troll that's playing 4D chess with us all. Either way, this bonkers thread begs the question: what is it about NFTs that makes people go batshit? And even if the thread is fake, why does it feel so real? More right-clicker mentality: New Website Shows How Silly NFTs Are by Pirating Them Share This Article 
It's not a fight you'd want ringside tickets to, but scientists tossed eight stars against a black hole one million times the mass of the Sun in a simulated battle to see which intergalactic contender would win. According to a NASA press release, a fellow at the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Germany named Taeho Ryu led the simulations, which were the first to combine the physical effects of Einstein's theory of relativity and virtual stars with realistic internal structures. "Their goal is to create more realistic models of tidal disruption events, which occur when unlucky stars stray too close to black holes," a narrator says in a video of the simulations posted by NASA Goddard. In the video, some stars were fully pulled apart and others were only partially disrupted. Intriguingly, some stars were able to return to their normal shapes and retain some of their mass after the boss battle. NASA's video explains that the star's own gravity will pull it back together as it moves away from the black hole. In what we're sure is a bit of comforting news, four model stars survived the fight: a star much like our own Sun, and those that were approximately 0.15, 0.3 and 0.7 times its mass. But numerous other stars, both larger and smaller than our own, were torn apart. "The difference between survival and destruction depends on the star's internal density," NASA's video says. These doomed and ill-fated stars could help astronomers understand how tidal disruption events look and happen, even if they're millions of light years away. It could also help better understand the galaxies around us and how the universe works. However, we're sure nobody can blame us if we hope we never test their simulations and find out those answers for ourselves. We're pretty sure that even if our Sun was lucky enough to return to its normal shape, none of the tests asked whether human beings would return to their own shapes after a black hole encounter. More on smashing space stuff together: Bruce Willis Apparently Refused to Watch NASA Launch Asteroid-Smashing Rocket Share This Article 
As we age, our brain has the potential to form new connections between neurons. Having a creative outlet such as painting or coding can help improve cognitive functioning. Without cognitive functioning, we'd be forgetful and unable to solve problems. If you're passionate about learning or are looking to learn new skills or hobbies, The Cyber Monday Online Course Lifetime Bundle: StackSkills + Infosec4TC + Stone River is an unlimited lifetime subscription that offers a diverse collection of education, activities, and training. It's 70% off with code CMSAVE70 for our Cyber Monday Sale. With this bundle, you'll get access to StackSkills, an incredible online learning platform that gives learners the tools to learn and master skills that are in high demand. There are over 1000+ courses available on StackSkills. The best part? You'll get access to them for life. Curious about blockchain? There's a course on it. Unsure of what your next career move is? Take numerous courses through StackSkills to gain clarity. In addition to getting access to a library that contains over 1000 courses, 50 new courses are added each month. Many courses offer course certifications and with them you'll get access to premium customer support. The bundle also features a lifetime membership to StoneRiver eLearning, which has been featured on Mashable and TechCrunch 800-plus courses on coding, 3D design, animation, and other progressive fields. And it also comes with Infosec4TC Platinum Membership: Cyber Security Training Lifetime Access, which will let you learn about ethical hacking, GSEC, and more on your own time. Altogether, this bundle features virtually unlimited eBooks, personal guidance on what to learn, and insights into numerous and fascinating industries. For our Cyber Monday Sale, get 70% off The Cyber Monday Online Course Lifetime Bundle: StackSkills + Infosec4TC + Stone River, and pick it up for just $34.50 (reg. $13,994) by using the code CMSAVE70. Prices subject to change  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Over-ear, in-ear, open-air — we have headphones of all kinds on sale this Black Friday, all at 20% off our already discounted prices. With 20 makes and styles to choose from, we’re sure you are going to find a pair that’s true music to your ears. Don’t you wish that you could groove to your music while you’re swimming laps at the pool? Thanks to these waterproof earphones, you can. Not only do they deliver an extraordinary sound, but the compact carrying tube doubles as a power bank. Get xFyro xS2 Waterproof Wireless Earphones for $63.99 (reg. $249) with code BFSAVE20. Delivering twice the sound, twice the battery life, and twice the convenience of competing headphones, these over-ear puppies feature high-performance neodymium-backed 40mm speakers and unrivaled T-Quiet™ active noise canceling technology. Get TREBLAB Z2 Bluetooth 5.0 Noise-Cancelling Headphones for $63.19 (reg. $259) with code BFSAVE20. Featuring the exclusive LinearFlux DL01 Immersive Sound Engine, these form-hugging sport ear-hooks allow you to listen to your favorite music artist as they were meant to be heard—full of dynamics and base. They’re comfy, they’re wireless, they are the perfect fit for your urban lifestyle. Get HyperSonic True Wireless Headphones for $71.99 (reg. $119) with code BFSAVE20. If you are into luxury as well as superior sound and cutting-edge technology, these over-ear headphones are for you. Designed with genuine leather and plush covering for the memory foam ear cups, they feature intuitive controls, Advanced Noise Cancellation, and Transparent Hearing, which allows you to enjoy your music while still being fully present in whatever you’re doing. Get Sennheiser MOMENTUM 3 Wireless ANC Headphones for $319.99 (reg. $399) with code BFSAVE20. Jamming to your favorite tunes from your smartphone is great, until a phone call comes in. Now you're in a catch-22: answer your grandma's phone call or finish that song. With these wireless earbuds you can do both thanks to their intuitive controls that will easily allow you to select tracks, adjust the volume, and receive that all-important call. Get Urbanears Jakan Bluetooth In-Ear Headphones for $31.96 (reg. $79) with code BFSAVE20. Few things get you more motivated than pumping up the jam when you're working out. Few things get you more aggravated than your earbuds constantly falling out, wires getting tangled, or your tunes dying out before you do. These earbuds deliver fast auto-pairing and crisp sound for up to 5 hours on a single charge with an additional 10 hours of playtime in the charging case. Get HyperGear Active True Wireless Earbuds for $23.19 (reg. $39) with code BFSAVE20. Ever been running along the trails and the sweat starts to drip? First it runs down your forehead, and then slowly seeps into your ear. Normally, that would be OK, but you've got your earbuds in, and now your ear is itchy and the sound is all muffled. Time to get a pair of these earbuds with their expandable silicone-tips to keep the quality of the music in, and both the sweat and noise out. Get TREBLAB X5 True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds for $39.99 (reg. $99) with code BFSAVE20. It’s a long flight from New York to London. There’s a couple arguing next to you, a crying baby three rows down and someone ordering their third martini. All you want is a little peace. No worries – just grab these headphones with their patented NoiseHush Active Noise Cancelling technology, and you’ll be able to listen to your music in high-def stereo comfortably and without distraction. Get Drive ANC1000 Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones for $75.99 (reg. $129) with code BFSAVE20. You can't imagine getting through your workout without the pulsing beats of your favorite tunes pounding in your ears to motivate you. But when the earbuds fall out, the sweat drips into your ears, or the wires get tangled, you lose focus or worse, you trip on the cords! These Bluetooth headphones offer unparalleled sound quality together with a sweat-proof design, and a long battery life to ensure you get the most out of your listening experience and exercise routine. Get TREBLAB X3 Pro: True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds with Earhooks for $51.19 (reg. $99) with code BFSAVE20. Crying babies. Honking horns. Lawnmowers. These, and other sounds you can do without, can be swept away in a sea of audio splendor when you have a pair of these earbuds. Equipped with a 3D Hyper Definition Sound Engine, they deliver pure sound reproduction, clarity, and improved dynamic range while the Passive Noise Cancellation ensures ambient sounds are completely blocked out. Get HyperSonic DX Noise Cancelling Earbuds for $31.99 (reg. $59) with code BFSAVE20. Wireless is truly the only way to go. Who needs to get their cords tangled in the treadmill, or at the turnstiles, or in the revolving door? Get these earbuds with their noise-isolating customizable tips, precision-tuned drivers, and the latest in Bluetooth technology, and prepare yourself for music and calls that sound better than ever. Get Xpods Pro True Wireless Earbuds + Charging Case for $55.99 (reg. $69) with code BFSAVE20. AI comes to headphones, and with awesome results. The noise-cancelling feature in these earbuds not only blocks out ambient noise, but it also optimizes your listening experience. With graphene-powered drivers, 100-hour battery life, and custom engineered ergonomic fit, these puppies will truly be music to your ears. Get xFyro Active Noise Cancelling AI-Powered Wireless Earbuds for $31.99 (reg. $250) with code BFSAVE20. As Digital Trends puts it, these headphones “have the best ANC you’ll find in a pair of sub-$100 true wireless earbuds.” Designed to fit ears of all shapes and sizes, each earbud has 3 microphones, featuring a precise algorithm that works seamlessly to suppress noise and amplify your voice for crystal clear phone calls. Get ComfoBuds Pro True Wireless Headphones for $71.99 (reg. $105) with code BFSAVE20. The next time you’re riding solo, slip on these puppies and get ready to enter a whole new realm of listening. Their open-ear design delivers premium audio while keeping you connected and aware of your surroundings. Get Exobone Open-Ear Conduction Headphones for $61.59 (reg. $157) with code BFSAVE20. If your listening pleasure keeps getting interrupted by the sounds of the outside world, slip these ultra-comfortable headphones into your ears and get ready to listen to the perfect integration of thick bass and fine treble without the ambient noise. Get Baseus Wireless Bluetooth 5.0 Headphones for $36.76 (reg. $59) with code BFSAVE20. It’s like having a voice-controlled personal assistant in your ear. No need to tap. Simply ask the earbuds to control the music and your calls. Plus with its in-ear motion sensor, the music will automatically stop when you take the earbuds out. Get TWS SoundLiberty 80 True Wireless Earbuds for $52.79 (reg. $76) with code BFSAVE20. These buds feature new technologies that have never been seen before on other wireless earbuds. A Qualcomm® chipset suppresses background audio, while the AptX® code compresses and decompresses audio in order to transmit the audio waves over Bluetooth without losing quality. Anti-pressure holes, full touch control, 4 built-in microphones, and dust/waterproof features make these puppies a worthwhile consideration. Get HYPHEN® 2 Wireless Earbuds for $75.19 (reg. $129) with code BFSAVE20. Channel your inner DJ with these on-ear headphones. Of course you don't need to be doing any scratching or scrubbing to appreciate the high clarity sound, with its powerful bass. Use them wired or wirelessly, the fold flat design also makes them easy to store and take with you anywhere. Get Veho ZB5 Monaco Wireless Bluetooth Headphones for $95.96 (reg. $119) with code BFSAVE20. If earbuds cause you discomfort and on-ear headphones just don’t cut it for you, try these open-ear, wireless, air-conduction sports puppies. They feature a 16mm dynamic driver for awesome sounds, while delivering a premium audio experience directed at the ear canal, rather than directly into the ear. Get Mu6 Ring: Open-Air Bluetooth Headphones for $43.99 (reg. $74) with code BFSAVE20. Oftentimes less is more, and that is surely the case with these earbuds. What’s not included is almost as important as what is. There are no cables, no wires, and no lights, so you barely even know they're there. There will be no mistaking the immersive sound and you will appreciate the 4 microphones that deliver some of the best call quality on the market. Get Earin True Wireless Earbuds for $119.20 (reg. $199) with code BFSAVE20. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you're looking for a new game obsession, or want to relive a fond memory from a game you used to love, these 15 titles are sure to please old and new fans alike. These titles are aimed to entertain for hours on end whether you're into RPG's, shooters, sims, or anything else. Best of all, they come at a fraction of the cost of brand new games. As a part of our limited time Black Friday Sale you can pick up each of these games for a discount. Explore hundreds of miles of track across the 9 incredibly detailed routes and take charge of a huge variety of steam, diesel and electric powered locomotives populating this game. TRS19 "Platinum Edition" takes you way beyond just driving trains, as you set up a fully operating railroad, managing dozens of trains under AI control, following your every instruction. Get The Trainz Railroad Simulator Platinum Edition Bundle for $17.99 (reg. $279) with code BFSAVE40. Indebted to the wrong people, with his life on the line, veteran of the U.S. Cavalry and now hired gun, Booker DeWitt has only one opportunity to wipe his slate clean. He must rescue Elizabeth, a mysterious girl imprisoned since childhood and locked up in the flying city of Columbia. Forced to trust one another, Booker and Elizabeth form a powerful bond during their daring escape. Get Bioshock Infinite for $7.99 (reg. $29) with code BFSAVE20. Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a role-playing shooter in the critically acclaimed Borderlands series. Discover the story behind Borderlands 2 villain, Handsome Jack, and his rise to power. Taking place between the original Borderlands and Borderlands 2, the Pre-Sequel gives you a myriad of new gameplay featuring the genre-blending fusion of shooter and RPG mechanics that players have come to love. Get Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel for $11.99 (reg. $39) with code BFSAVE20. Play as one of four new vault hunters facing off against a massive new world of creatures, psychos, and the evil mastermind, Handsome Jack. Make new friends, arm them with a bazillion weapons and fight alongside them in four player co-ops on a relentless quest for revenge and redemption across the undiscovered and unpredictable living planet. Get Borderlands 2 Game for $7.99 (reg. $19) with code BFSAVE20. Layers of Fear is a first-person psychedelic horror game with a heavy focus on story and exploration. Delve deep into the mind of an insane painter and discover the secret of his madness, as you walk through a vast and constantly changing Victorian-era mansion. Uncover the visions, fears, and horrors that entwine the painter and finish the masterpiece he has strived so long to create. Get Layers of Fear for $7.99 (reg. $19) with code BFSAVE20. Morkredd is a tense, physics-based co-op puzzle game for one to two players combining skill-based puzzle-solving, a challenging balance of light and shadow, and a dark world full of secrets to unlock. It is best played as a couch co-op experience. Heed the Orb’s call with a friend or prove your loyalty alone by mastering the unique dual-character controls. Get Morkredd for $10.39 (reg. $19) with code BFSAVE20. Next Up Hero is a Gauntlet-style dungeon crawler starring hand-drawn heroes that hack, slash, shoot, drum, boomerang, jet, and explode their way through adventures. Choose your Hero (and/or invite a friend to co-op) and start rolling dungeons, gearing out, and maxing your stats against the vile monsters known as the Ceaseless Dirge. Get Next Up Hero Game for $7.99 (reg. $19) with code BFSAVE20. Planet Coaster® - the future of coaster park simulation games has arrived! Surprise, delight, and thrill crowds as you build the theme park of your dreams. Build and design incredible coaster parks with unparalleled attention to detail and manage your park in a truly living world. Let your imagination run wild and share your success with the world. Get Planet Coaster: Coaster Park Simulation Game for $15.99 (reg. $44) with code BFSAVE20. RollerCoaster Tycoon® 3: Complete Edition is the all-time classic game that lets you build your own theme park from the ground up. In the complete version, you get the original game along with the expansion packs. The fun is broader than ever as you can build water slides and complete safari experiences to wow your guests and keep them coming back for more. Get RollerCoaster Tycoon 3: Complete Edition for $5.99 (reg. $19) with code BFSAVE40. Sid Meier's Civilization®: Beyond Earth™ is another science-fiction-themed entry into the award-winning Civilization series. Set in the future, global events have destabilized the world leading to a collapse of modern society, a new world order, and an uncertain future for humanity. As the human race struggles to recover, the re-developed nations focus their resources on deep space travel to chart a new beginning for mankind. Get Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth for $11.99 (reg. $39) with code BFSAVE20. Sid Meier's Civilization® V is the fifth offering in the multi-award-winning Civilization strategy game series featuring the famous “just one more turn” addictive gameplay that has made it one of the greatest game series' of all time. Become Ruler of the World by establishing and leading a civilization from the dawn of man into the space age: wage war, conduct diplomacy, discover new technologies, go head-to-head with some of history’s greatest leaders, and build the most powerful empire the world has ever known. Get Sid Meier's Civilization V for $11.99 (reg. $29) with code BFSAVE20. This new expansion provides enhanced depth and great replay value through the introduction of international trade and a focus on culture and diplomacy. Your influence around the world will be impacted by creating Great Works, choosing an ideology for your people, and proposing global resolutions in the World Congress. As you move through the ages of history you will make critical decisions that will impact your relationship with other civilizations. Get Sid Meier's Civilization V: Brave New World for $11.99 (reg. $29) with code BFSAVE20. Civilization is the award-winning strategy game in which you attempt to build an empire to stand the test of time. Become Ruler of the World by establishing and leading a civilization from the Stone Age to the Information Age. Wage war, conduct diplomacy, advance your culture, and go head-to-head with history’s greatest leaders as you attempt to build the greatest civilization the world has ever known. Get Sid Meier's Civilization VI for $15.99 (reg. $59) with code BFSAVE20. Beyond Earth extended the Civilization franchise from its historical setting into the possible futures of science fiction. Rising Tide extends Beyond Earth to new frontiers on the planet’s surface and beneath its seas, adding even more choices and diplomatic options as you continue to build “just one more turn” toward a new vision for the future of humanity. Get Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth - Rising Tide for $11.99 (reg. $29) with code BFSAVE20. Rated 4.2/5 stars on Amazon, SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition includes the bestselling SimCity 4 and the all-new SimCity 4 Rush Hour Expansion Pack. Create the most massive region of cities ever, with a farming town, bedroom community, high-tech commercial center, and industrial backbone. Take complete control of your city's transportation system, and solve U-Drive-It missions, from fighting crime to tackling disasters. Even watch your population skyrocket as you get your Sims on the go and create the ultimate living, breathing megalopolis Get SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition for $5.99 (reg. $19) with code BFSAVE40. Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Imagine sitting down at your favorite breakfast restaurant only to be greeted by a robot, which brings your pancakes and sides instead of a human server. Well, that's not exactly what happened at one Denny's location, but to hear the comments tell it, our robot overlords are taking over — and should be boycotted before they're serving us pancakes and eggs all over the world. TikTok user Miabellaceo posted a now-viral video showing a robot dubbed Janet delivering two plates of hashbrowns and eggs at an undisclosed Denny's location. The simple three-tiered robot is basically a mobile cake plate that runs food for busy servers, and the video's creator said in the comments that a real, flesh-and-blood server took their order and delivered their coffee. The comments, naturally, went off — though most, to be fair, seemed to be expressing broader anxieties about automation rather than much specific to Denny's. "So we don't have to tip anymore?" one user commented, racking up almost 1,600 likes. "Nope I wouldn't go there," another opined. "No people." "This is sad," wrote yet another. "But yet they give machines the jobs they take from citizens." Some users even called for a Denny's boycott, and one threatened to walk out if they were approached by a robotic server. The customers made it clear they weren't greeted or initially approached by the robot, which is called a Servi and manufactured by Bear Robotics, a startup created by restaurant and tech entrepreneurs. Instead, Bear says the robot automates labor intensive parts of the business so servers can focus more on diners. As one commenter pointed out, in locations where there is a dedicated food runner, servers may have to share tips with that person — and everyone involved, needless to say, is already underpaid. In others, busy servers share the responsibility of running food for no additional payment. Servi models have actually increased the amount of tips servers get, according to Fox Business, a potential boon for workers who often earn as little as $2 per hour and rely on tips to make ends meet. So if customers are supposedly getting better service, having limited non-human interactions and getting food faster, what's the problem? Another commenter seemed to hit the nail on the head. "So the waitress did the actual difficult part," they wrote. If you've ever waited tables you know how much hard work it requires. "As a server for 29 years, this really helped," a Denny's employee said in a recent video Bear posted to its Instagram. Under capitalism automation can be scary, and there's no denying the service industry exploits workers. Servers were overworked even before the pandemic. All told, yes there is a labor "shortage" — but keep in mind that according to CNBC, line cooks had the highest mortality rate during the pandemic. And if everyone is dead or the job doesn't pay enough to show up, a robot can't really take your job. More on robots: A Russian Startup Is Selling Robot Clones of Real People Share This Article 
While some people can take video games a little too seriously, by and large the last few years have seen rising interest in virtual worlds as it becomes clear there's more to gaming than just shooting zombies, Nazis, and Nazi zombies. If you've got a PlayStation, a year of PlayStation Plus can help open up those horizons, and right now, you can save 20 percent on 12 months of access during our Black Friday Sale. PlayStation Plus is rated 5/5 stars by verified purchasers and probably best known for being your ticket to multiplayer with friends and strangers. And if you're looking to square off with friends over a few rounds of Madden or crash the party in Deathloop, it's the only way to go. Especially if you're looking to spend time with friends, it's a great way to get together and have some fun. You'll even get custom outfits and other elements for some games. You won't have to worry about keeping your saves, either. PlayStation Plus subscribers get 100GB of cloud storage to preserve their records and save files. Another useful aspect, though, is the monthly free games that you can pick up and play. Ranging from top-selling titles to indie gems, every month there's a new set of games to try out, making it easy to get a feel for new genres and try games you might not otherwise play. And if you'd like to try a friend's game, the SharePlay feature lets you give it a spin remotely to see how it feels. Similarly, Plus subscribers get special discounts in the PlayStation Store on top of the sale prices. You'll always have something to play and share with friends, and a new horizon to explore. Get a PlayStation Plus 12-Month Subscription for $47.99 (reg. $59.99) with code BFSAVE20 at checkout for our special Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While the pandemic may have given rise to more of us turning to the internet to improve our skills, learn new things, and generally sate our quench for knowledge, there is no reason to not to continue our quest. During our Black Friday Sale we are offering 20 eLearning courses at 70% off of our already discounted prices. Whether you’re looking for that dream job, hoping to rise in the ranks of your current organization, wanting to start a side hustle, or just have a yearning to improve your skills either personally or professionally, StackSkills can help. A subscription offers unlimited access to a pre-selected library of over 1,000 courses in practically every field you could dream of—marketing, finance, IT, programming, design, art, animation, writing, and so much more, to help guide you down your chosen path. Get StackSkills Unlimited for $17.70 (reg. $1,495) with code BFSAVE70. 70% of projects fail. Companies are now realizing the benefit of having project manager who will see their ventures to successful completion. This bundle will guide you through the foundations of project management as well as delve into the workings of various tools including Agile,  PMP, Scrum, and Six Sigma, in addition to preparing you for certification. Get The Premium 2022 Project & Quality Management Certification Bundle for $13.80 (reg. $2,699) with code BFSAVE70. With the help of this bundle you can learn to become a skilled coder. What now might seem like a foreign language— Python, Flutter, Dart, C#, Django, Keras, Apache, Spark—will soon become your mother tongue. You’ll be “speaking” code like a native. Get The 2022 Premium Learn To Code Certification Bundle for $11.70 (reg. $2,300) with code BFSAVE70. This bundle offers over 60 hours of content on graphic design, photo editing, visual effects, illustration, animation, and videography with programs that have long been touted as industry standards. Through both lectures and hands-on applications, you will receive comprehensive instruction in Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, After Effects, Lightroom, Spark, and Premiere Pro. Get The All-in-One Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Certification Course Bundle for $10.20 (reg. $1,600) with code BFSAVE70. If you regretted not learning how to play the piano when you were a kid, fear not. This bundle will not only have you tickling the ivories in short order, but understanding the theory behind the music. In addition you will also master the fundamental patterns of arrangement and composing, as well as dive into songwriting and music production. Get The Learn to Play the Piano & Music Composition Bundle for $10.49 (reg. $740) with code BFSAVE70. With this highly-rated bundle you will get insights into what it takes to be profitable with your investments. From identifying the key concepts you should know before even taking your first steps through to professional investment analysis, you will be able to confidently evaluate the potential return of any residential or commercial property. Get The Fundamentals of Real Estate Investment Bundle for $7.50 (reg. $1,000) with code BFSAVE70. Learn the basics of how to sell on Amazon, and delve into concept of Private Labeling with this bundle. Top Amazon FBA instructors and multi-millionaire dropshippers teach courses rated as high as 5/5 stars that will help you uncover the best ways become successful with your online business. Get The 2022 Complete Amazon Dropshipping & Private Label Master Class Bundle for $10.50 (reg. $2,189) with code BFSAVE70. This course features just what you need to get you started on the road to developing your own video games. You’ll learn how to use game development tools like Unity and Blender, how to develop games without coding, how to design a variety of games using a range of methods, and so much more. Hone the skills you need to become part of this ever-growing and exciting industry. Get The 2021 Premium Unity Game Developer Certification Bundle for $6.00 (reg. $3,400) with code BFSAVE70. There are no shortages of jobs in the tech field. Prepare to become CompTIA certified and increase your career prospects. This bundle takes you beyond the fundamentals of hardware and software, and delves into networking technology and administration, vulnerability assessment, and cloud computing, as well risk management, enterprise security operations, cybersecurity, and so much more. Get The 2021 Complete CompTIA Certification Prep Super Bundle for $14.70 (reg. $4,400) with code BFSAVE70. The increasing rise in the stock market is calling you, but remember it can fall just as easily. Educating yourself in terms of investing will help you to avoid common mistakes that many beginners make. Learn how to research companies, delve into the Forex Market, explore how to invest in Exchange Traded Funds, examine the gold mining market, uncover the mysteries of cryptocurrency, and so much more. Get The Complete 2022 Finance Training & Investing Bundle for $18.00 (reg. $2,189) with code BFSAVE70. Receive lifetimes access to over 90 courses through the Infosec4TC Cyber Security Training, including classes in ethical hacking, GSEC, CISSP, ISMS Implementation, and so many more. With this training, you will be at the forefront of how to deal with tomorrow’s challenges. Get Infosec4TC Platinum Membership: Cyber Security Training Lifetime Access for $20.70 (reg. $999) with code BFSAVE70. Earlier in November, Bitcoin hit an all-time high price of $68,521. In October, someone bought a CryptoPunk NFT for about $532 million. It’s hard not to get excited about numbers like that but before you invest in either of these markets, educate yourself through with the help of this bundle. Get The Complete NFT & Cryptocurrency Wealth Building Masterclass Bundle for $9.00 (reg. $1,200) with code BFSAVE70. Afraid of public speaking? This is a great course for those who want to overcome their anxieties in order to face their fears. Learn the tricks of the trade from some of the top experts in the field as they offer their own perspectives and experiences to guide you along the way. Get The 2022 Better Presentations & Public Speaking Lifetime Subscription Bundle for $18.00 (reg. $2,931) with code BFSAVE70. It’s practically impossible to know everything about each of the programs that MS Office offers, but this bundle is sure to uncover a few more tips, tricks, and techniques that could give you a leg up in today’s ever-changing job market. Through practical knowledge and hands-on exercises it offers a full overview of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Teams, and more. Get The Complete 2022 Microsoft Office Master Class Bundle for $22.50 (reg. $1,268) with code BFSAVE70. From the basics of learning the alphabet, colors, and animals, to creating and responding to a variety of questions in diverse settings with appropriate emotional vocabulary, there is a something for everyone in this bundle, from the newbie to the advanced. Get The 2022 All-in-One American Sign Language Bundle for $10.50 (reg. $3,200) with code BFSAVE70. If you have your sights on becoming a web developer or just interested in being able to build websites from scratch, this bundle is for you. Beyond learning the basics of Javascript, you will launch interactive webpages, and master skills to the point that you can use your coding knowledge to build your own projects. Get The 2022 Javascript Developer Bootcamp Certification Bundle for $9.00 (reg. $1,600) with code BFSAVE70. While the name may sound like a bit of an oxymoron, ethical hackers are becoming increasingly important to organizations as cyberattacks occur more frequently. In order to stop cybercriminals and hackers, you need to think like one. This bundle will help you with that. Get The 2022 Premium Certified Ethical Hacker Certification Bundle for $10.50 (reg. $2,000) with code BFSAVE70. As the demand for cybersecurity increases, companies are more focused on hiring people with the right skills and technical experience. This bundle offers eight courses on everything you need to be a certified cybersecurity analyst. Get The 2022 Ultimate Cybersecurity Analyst Preparation Bundle for $9.00 (reg. $1,600) with code BFSAVE70. Computing is part of everything we do and computer science is a dynamic and rapidly growing area that has become an integral part of the world that we live in today. While opportunities in the field are lucrative, expertise in computing helps even if your primary livelihood is something else. Consider this course to jumpstart a new career or expand your knowledge in your current one. Get The 2022 Premium Computer Science Career Path Certification Bundle for $12.00 (reg. $1,800) with code BFSAVE70. When you tell your mom that game developers can make over $100K per year, she may finally appreciate that your love of playing video games was not a waste of time. Through 95 hours of content, you will learn to create your own AAA quality games. Unreal Engine is a complete suite of development tools that features an easy-to-use interface and will quickly have you getting a prototype up and running. Get The 2022 Ultimate Learn Unreal Game Development Bundle for $10.50 (reg. $875) with code BFSAVE70. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A UK startup called Pulsar Fusion test-fired a hybrid rocket engine last week that was partially powered by waste plastic. The "green" rocket uses a hybrid fuel made with high density polyethylene (HDPE) and nitrous oxide oxidizer, according to New Atlas. HDPE is used in a wide variety of plastic products including detergent and beverage bottles — making it an intriguing way to power energy-intensive rockets. "We are delighted with the UK test firings," said Pulsar CEO Richard Dinan, according to New Atlas. "To have a British rocket test on UK soil is novel. Pulsar is among a very few companies around the world to have built and tested these technologies. We have a team of fantastic scientists with a wealth of experience to thank for these milestones." Pulsar pulled off its first static fire of the hybrid engine at the UK's Ministry of Defence military base in Salisbury last week, and according to The Independent, held an international demonstration for space industry clients in Switzerland Nov. 25. The company also posted a video of the test on Instagram. Using waste plastic to launch rockets is a strong pitch, because plastic has become a ubiquitous source of pollution that's gallingly difficult to properly recycle. After all, The Guardian reported that the first microplastics were found in unborn fetuses just last year. We're pretty sure rocket fuel production won't soak up most of the world's excess plastic, but anything is better than nothing. A sticking point may turn out to be that Pulsar says one of its main goals is tackling nuclear fusion propulsion, which has plagued scientists for decades. Fusion could slash travel time to Mars in half and reduce the need for rockets to take heavy fuel loads into space, but it does raise the question of why Pulsar is testing plastic-powered rockets now. Fusion has been posited as a nearly limitless power source — once we figure out how to control it, that is — so maybe this rocket was tested in the hopes of getting some public press and support in the interim. We may find out sooner rather than later, since New Atlas says Pulsar wants to demonstrate a fusion propulsion engine for static fire testing by 2025, and then launch and test one in orbit in 2027. They also pulled off what Virgin Galactic seemingly couldn't, since that company scrapped a rocket powered by a different kind of plastic after a failed test flight in 2014. Read more about nuclear power: Chinese Scientists Say They've Discovered Cheap New Way to Do Nuclear Fusion Share This Article 
In today’s world, we rely on technology to grow businesses, create art, further our careers, etc.— but most importantly we use it to connect. As we start to wrap up 2021, we’ve compiled a list of our favorite apps, devices, and software — and they’re part of this awesome Black Friday Sale.  Managing our digital storage across multiple devices is an essential part of our lives, and can often be an overwhelming task. Degoo Cloud offers a lifetime subscription with 10TB of secure storage, so you virtually never have to worry about running out of backup space ever again. Keep track of valuable data, while having the capability to effortlessly share files and perform high-speed transfers.  Get the Degoo Premium: Lifetime 10TB Backup Plan for $59.99 (reg. $3600) with code BFSAVE40.  Design Wizard is a user-friendly graphic design software that will level up your marketing and social media presence. You’ll have access to over 1.2 million curated and licensed images, 120 free fonts, and 30,000 unique design templates. Customize your design by importing logos, graphics, color palettes, etc., and start creating magic Get the Design Wizard Pro: Lifetime Subscription for $23.40 (reg. $599) with code BFSAVE40.  The picjumbo subscription offers one of the largest, licensed stock photo collections in the world. With access to 100+ collections (containing 6000+ high-resolution photos), and 50+ new stock photos sent to your inbox every month, you’ll never run out of options for fresh content. This robust portfolio has photos in every category including food, travel, sports, holidays, animals, and more! Get the picjumbo Stock Photos: Lifetime Subscription for $23.40 (reg. $599) with code BFSAVE40.  Mondly is the newest, and most innovative language learning software on the market and offers lessons in 41 languages. It uses state-of-the-art speech recognition and gives you only positive feedback on your words, phrases and pronunciations. Lessons are fun and brief, and before you know it you’ll sound like a native speaker with your new language! Get the Mondly: Lifetime Subscription (All Languages) for $59.99 (reg. $2199) with code BFSAVE40.  Beelinguapp has developed a unique approach to learning a new language and believes listening and reading along actually increases comprehension. Cross between an audiobook and a karaoke reading, you can follow both the audio and text on both sides. With 14 languages to choose from, you can even listen to a native speaker for reference at your leisure.  Get the Beelinguapp Language Learning App: Lifetime Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $100) with code BFSAVE40.  This 3D computer graphics animation software specializes in 3D modeling of human figures. Poser has thousands of morphs, poses, accessories, and even bone-rigging capabilities to give your character a naturalistic, human-like essence. Bring your creations to life, and choose from final output styles such as photorealism, sketch, cartoon, silhouette, real-time comic book mode, and more! Get the Poser Pro: 3D Art + Animation Software for Windows & Mac for $47.99 (reg. $349) with code BFSAVE40.  Creativity 365 Lite is a creative suite that offers Animation Desk, Write-on Video, NoteLedge, Markup, and Pocket Scanner. Access the suite across multiple platforms and devices, so you can keep your content organized and easily accessible on the go.  Get the Creativity 365 Lite Individual Plan: Lifetime Subscription for $47.99 (reg. $299) with code BFSAVE40.  The Knowable Audio Learning Platform offers a catalog of exclusive audio courses taught by experts around the world. You’ll get new 10-minute lessons every day, and even have the opportunity to engage in weekly live conversations with your course expert. If you’re thirsty for knowledge, tune into one-of-a-kind lessons on productivity, self-care, creativity, books, leadership, and more! Get the Knowable Audio Learning Platform: Lifetime Subscription for $53.99 (reg. $600) with code BFSAVE40.  Four Minute books has an extensive collection of over 1000 book summaries and 900 audiobook summaries that will make you smarter by the minute! This subscription is perfect for those who are short on time but are eager to learn. Get the Four Minute Books: Lifetime Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $399) with code BFSAVE40.  Learn photography from some of Hollywood’s most prestigious photographers like Michael Muller, Patrick Hoelck, and Brian Smith. This photo school offers an insider's perspective on taking the non-traditional approach to photography and teaches you tricks on advancing your career.   Get the Photo School: Learn Photography & Photoshop from Hollywood's Masters for $59.99 (reg. $2990) with code BFSAVE40.  Jumpspeak is the first language-learning app to focus on speaking, and not writing. Learn Spanish faster, by engaging in real verbal conversations and communicating with native speakers.  Get the Jumpspeak Language App: Lifetime Subscription (Spanish) for $59.99 (reg. $299) with code BFSAVE40.  AdGuard VPN is the ultimate internet security solution to protect all of your important data. The advanced encryption algorithm guarantees privacy and grants access to content without tracking or compromising personal information.  Get the AdGuard VPN: 5-Yr Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $359) with code BFSAVE40.  iBrave Hosting uses the world’s most advanced technology to support unlimited cloud hosting through a global Content Delivery Network (CDN). With lightning-fast servers, your website performance will be secure, uninterrupted, and never affected by external user activity.  Get the iBrave Cloud Web Hosting: Lifetime Subscription for $59.99 (reg. $2997) with code BFSAVE40.  Did you know 85% of social media users watch videos without sound? Liro effortlessly turns voiceover into captions and automatically adds them to your videos. Increase engagement and make your content accessible to everyone with this awesome auto- caption app.  Get the Liro Pro Auto Captions for Videos: 1-Yr Subscription for $11.99 (reg. $59) with code BFSAVE40.  Suffering from Wanderlust? The TravelHacker app automatically finds the cheapest, Pandemic-safe, travel destination flights. Create route and region alerts to and from your home airport, and the app will notify you when prices drop.  Get the TravelHacker Premium Subscription for $23.40 (reg. $250) code BFSAVE40.  Tunepond is the hottest collection of royalty-free music with download access to new releases and future additions. Content creators, filmmakers, producers, educators, etc., love this studio-grade music selection for its robust repertoire of various genres, moods, tempo, and style. Get the Tunepond Royalty-Free Stock Audio: Lifetime Subscription for $17.99(reg. $2999), as part of a special, Black Friday deal with code BFSAVE40.  XSplit Broadcaster is the best all-in-one streaming and recording application for content and scene creation. Live production professionals love this software for its capabilities to stream in full HD, capture and pull high-quality audio, built-in editing tools, and direct uploading to YouTube and social media.  Get the XSplit Broadcaster Premium: Lifetime Subscription (Windows) for $47.40 (reg. $200) with code BFSAVE40.  Spreeder will help you learn to speed read at 3 times your normal speed and teach you how to better comprehend what you’re reading. Save time and increase productivity, and don’t let slow reading hold you back anymore. Get the Spreeder VIP Speed Reading Lifetime Subscription for $23.40 (reg. $420) with code BFSAVE40.  Writer’s block got you down? Daily Prompt will send you new writing prompts every day and inspire you to put the pen to the page. This subscription allows you to join a community of authors, enter competitions, request feedback, and share your work with other aspiring writers.   Get the Daily Prompt Premium Plan: Lifetime Subscription for $23.99 (reg. $94) with code BFSAVE40.  SitePoint is an incredible membership for web developers where like-minded creatives can connect and share their passion for web design and development. Join a community of over 100,000 web professionals and get support, inspiration, and feedback whenever you need it.  Get the Daily Prompt Premium Plan: Lifetime Subscription for $35.99 (reg. $216) with code BFSAVE40. Pagico is the ultimate organizational software that will keep your life on track. This software will help you work smarter, centralize data, sync information on all devices, and create a collaborative workspace for your team.  Get the Pagico Task & Data Management Software for $14.99 (reg. $50) with code BFSAVE40. Lightkey is an innovative text prediction software that learns your typing patterns and helps you write faster and more efficiently. With real-time text predictions of up to 12 words, spelling, and grammar corrections, Lightkey will keep your train of thought moving forward amidst any mistakes.  Get the Lightkey Pro Plan: Lifetime Subscription for $29.99 (reg. $169) with code BFSAVE40. Have you ever dreamed of becoming an animator? With the Cartoon Animator 4 Pro Mac Bundle, you’ll learn to create 2D and 3D animations, master theoretical concepts, and how to bring your images and stories to life. This software and course bundle will inspire you to create, and watch your work turn into magic. Get The Complete Cartoon Animator 4 Pro Mac Bundle for $29.99 (reg. $245) with code BFSAVE40. VectorStyler is an avant-garde drawing and illustration software used to create logos, print, icons, vector art, typography, and more! Level up your design work by utilizing the advanced tool kit and learning to apply modern effects.  Get the VectorStyler Professional Illustration Software for $17.40 (reg. $95) with code BFSAVE40. NEWYES is a multi-use pen that works as a text-to-speech scanner, language translator, and will even read text scans aloud. This device is great for anyone with learning disabilities, those learning a second language, readers and listeners, and more! Get the NEWYES Scan Reader: Text-to-Speech, OCR, Multilingual Instant Translator Pen for $89.99 (reg. $199) with code BFSAVE40. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
French officials announced Thursday that Paris will begin testing electric air taxis at a new test site just outside the French capital, with the ultimate goal of creating at least two flight paths for Olympic passengers during the 2024 summer games. French Minister of Transport Jean-Baptiste Djebbari attended Thursday's inauguration of the new air mobility testing site at at an airfield a few miles northwest of Paris, according to a press release. "Everything is falling into place: partnerships, innovation, test areas, regulations, financing," Djebbari said. "All the ingredients for success are there, all that remains is to make it happen." The first Olympic route would ferry passengers between the  Paris-Charles de Gaulle and Le Bourget airports, and a second would link two Parisian suburbs. About 30 manufacturers answered the call to test out various parts of electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft, or eVTOLs, and the infrastructure a safe airport for them would require. Aerospace outfits including Volocopter GmbH, Airbus SE, Vertical Aerospace Group Ltd and Lilium NV are participating in the project. The airfield near Paris has already been adapted to include a landing and take-off area, taxiways, parking stands, warehouse planning and more. The airport has says it's already tested flights with a drone carrying medical supplies like blood bags and health kits, as well as anti-collision and recharging systems. In September of this year, Bloomberg reported that 65 flying taxi hubs were planned for cities that included London and Los Angeles. A site in England, set to open in 2022, is scheduled to be the first. Back in September, NASA started officially flight testing an eVTOL aircraft built by California-based Joby Aviation, with the hopes of establishing a new form of city-to-city transportation. Joby is also testing air taxis in Paris on the new Olympic test site. Will eVTOLs be carrying passengers, medical supplies and cargo through airspaces daily? If they're good enough for the French government and NASA, continued testing may make air taxis an eco-friendly mode of transport — at least for folks who can afford it. More on airborne transport: This is Cadillac's Wild Flying Car Concept Share This Article 
A blockchain investor called Tokens.com announced this week that it had purchased a virtual real estate lot, in what it says is the largest metaverse land acquisition to date. According to a press release, the "land" purchased is located in a metaverse environment called Decentraland, in an area called the "Fashion Street district," and it cost 618,000 MANA, an Ethereum-based token the project uses as currency. That translates to about $2.4 million USD, according to Reuters, totaling 6,090 square feet of digital land. It's worth asking critical questions about exactly what's going on here. Neither Tokens.com nor Decentraland are household names — especially compared to Facebook and Microsoft, both of which are in the process of launching extremely well funded takes on the same concept — and spending the equivalent of millions of dollars on a virtual environment that few have heard of seems like a gamble, to say the least. Tokens.com says it'll use its acquisition to host fashion shows and collaborate with fashion brands that want to show off their brands in the metaverse. Digital fashion, like that created by DressX, has been showing increasing popularity among fashion influencers on multiple social platforms — although, to be fair, it remains unclear whether consumers are ever going to buy digital garments en masse. On the other hand, there is at least some interest among high end brands. Fashion luminaries including Gucci, Burberry and Louis Vuitton all launched designer NFTs this year, indicating that they're at least willing to dabble. "Fashion is the next massive area for growth in the metaverse," said Decentraland head of content Sam Hamilton in the press release. "So it’s timely, and very exciting, that [we've] made such a decisive commitment in the heart of Decentraland’s fashion precinct." After the purchase, CoinDesk reported on Thursday that MANA had climbed almost 40 percent in value, quoting experts who attributed the token's increase in popularity to both Facebook's metaverse push and Decentraland's announcement. "We are happy to make history by closing the largest public metaverse land acquisition to date," Tokens.com CEO Andrew Kiguel said release. "These assets will complement the existing portfolio of metaverse real estate already held at Metaverse Group." Suffice to say that we're not convinced. While things are falling apart on our IRL planet, brands and investors seem to be falling over themselves to instead invest in virtual stuff instead. Hey, at least they'll have a swanky online vacation home to escape to — at least until the ocean starts knocking on their real-life door. Read more about Metaversian matters: Pokémon Go Creator Fears "Dystopian Nightmare" Metaverse Share This Article 
A US Geological Survey research geophysicist named Tom Parsons says that San Francisco is sinking into the Earth. NBC Bay Area reports that Parsons examined every single building in the Bay Area, using satellite images captured by European Space Agency’s Sentinel 1 satellite. Most of the settling appears to be taking place downtown, because of the staggering weight and density of the buildings. Ominously, at least one is also tilting. According to The Weather Channel, Millennium Tower earned its nickname of the "Leaning Tower of San Francisco" because of how much it's tilted each year since its opening in 2009, and NBC says it's only the third heaviest building in the city at an estimated 686 million pounds. In 2018, a large new crack had been found in the building after residents heard a loud noise. Experts say many problems may be causing the city to sink, including the loss of groundwater because of new construction and that the Millennium's foundation isn't rooted in bedrock. Concerningly, Parsons told NBC the combined weight of all the downtown buildings is enough to affect an earthquake fault, though luckily the famous San Andreas fault runs offshore before it reaches the city. And, of course, it all connects to climate change. "If you have all of this going on when you're right near the waterline, in some cases in San Francisco, then you have to worry about big storms that sea level comes up and inundation more frequently," Parsons told NBC. Parsons also says he'll be studying Manhattan next, according to NBC, to further study the effects of sinking on coastal cities in light of rising sea levels. More on the environment: How to Talk to Your Family About Climate Change Share This Article 
Want to supercharge your Mac? For a limited time, we're offering a deep discount on the Complete Limited Edition Mac Bundle, a collection of a dozen top-ranked apps that keep your Mac, your work, and your play running smoothly. The whole bundle is 40% off with code MACBUNDLE40. Here's a look at what you get and how it makes your Mac that much better. No green screen? No problem. VCam Premium lets you blur, replace, or remove your background on video calls, live streams, and other video apps, with a 4.1 out of 5 star rating on GetApp. Using vivid particle brush systems, FlamePainter 4, an ImagineFX Artist's Editor's Choice, brings a full suite of organic painting tools to your image work. BuhoCleaner got 5 out of 5 stars on MacUpdate for making managing storage easy. It automatically clears caches, uninstalls forgotten apps, and helps you monitor system load to keep your Mac running smoothly. With one touch, RealVPN protects your Mac from snoops. Using military-grade encryption and a global network of servers, you can connect anywhere knowing your data is safe. A PCMag Editor's Choice, Sticky Password manages access for you. It automatically creates and saves secure passwords, and gives you the ability to securely share passwords with just friends and colleagues. PDF Reader Pro is built to make reading, editing, converting, and finishing PDF documents as efficient as possible. This productivity software means you'll never be stuck opening a browser again! Turn lists and other documents into timelines and planning documents with a click and get back to getting things done with the app that scores 4.7 out of 5 stars on G2. Turn any cloud storage system into another local disk with this utility that got 4/5 stars on MacWorld! Put a full suite of game development tools on your Mac to experiment and create with! Record your screen, seamlessly edit video, and batch convert between formats with this quick, easy video tool that sports a perfect 5 stars on MacUpdate! Brainstorm without closing your Mac with this mind-mapping software, awarded 4.5 out of 5 stars on MacUpdate. Pull text from any image easily with this app, which currently has 4.8 out of 5 stars on the Mac App Store. For a limited time, get the Complete Limited Edition Mac Bundle for $17.99 (reg. $1,040 with code MACBUNDLE40 at checkout. Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
To work in a fast-moving field like coding means you constantly need to be learning. For a limited time, you can save an additional 70% on 3 rapidly growing libraries of coding and IT courses, with a VPN to protect your privacy, with our Black Friday Mega Lifetime Bundle. Use code BFSAVE70 to get it for just $37.50 (reg. $14,493) at checkout. As data breaches and hacking become more commonplace, even jobs tangential to cybersecurity will need to be versed in the latest tactics and techniques. Infosec4TC offers more than 90 courses, with more added regularly on cybersecurity foundations, certification exams, and cutting edge topics. It's why it's rated 4.8 out of 5 stars on TrustPilot. With over 4,800 hours of courses across a diverse range of technology skills, Stone River is built to help you brush up on what you already know and expand your portfolio. With this lifetime subscription, you also get unlimited eBooks and certification exams, perfect for practicing and learning on your time. With over 350 experienced instructors teaching courses rooted in real-life projects and problems, StackSkills offers more than 1,000 courses on demand, with more added monthly. Subscribers get live quarterly Q&As with teachers, easy-to-track progress, and a structure that lets you start at the beginning of a skill or explore specific branches, it's ideal to stay on top of your game. Privacy is paramount now more than ever, and VPN Unlimited, PCMag's Top VPN, helps protect yours. You've got a choice of protocols, all of which use 256-bit encryption, and a choice of over 500 servers around the world. You'll never have to deal with a geofence again, and you can take courses on any Wi-Fi network knowing that your data is safe. Get the Black Friday Mega Lifetime Bundle for $37.50 (reg. $14,493) with coupon code BFSAVE70. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Love to learn? The Unlimited Lifetime Learning Subscription Bundle ft. Rosetta Stone makes it easy to learn new languages, pick up new coding skills, and much more. And you can save an extra 20% with the coupon BFSAVE20 for a limited time during our Black Friday Sale! For nearly 30 years, Rosetta Stone has been the gold standard for language learning, plunging students into full immersion on multiple languages for NASA, TripAdvisor, and countless other clients. PC Magazine Editors' Choice Award for Best Language-Learning Software five years in a row, Rosetta Stone uses comprehensive training to help you speak, write, and read with fluency, quickly and effectively. Build on basic conversational skills into more complex topics at your pace, perfect for trips to new countries, adding to your language knowledge, or simply challenging yourself to learn something new. Available where you are, Rosetta Stone helps you stay on track to communicate more effectively. Ranked 4.5 out of 5 stars on TrustPilot, StackSkills Unlimited has over a thousand teaching series for you to pick up and learn on any topic, with more than 50 new courses added to the library monthly. Each category is built for lifelong learners, from the new student hoping to add to their skills and switch careers, to experienced professionals looking to bolster their resume and brush up on what they know. Taught by more than 350 of the web's top instructors, real-world professionals drawing on their personal experiences and industry standards, the easy progress tracker and course completion certifications give you tools to show how you're growing. Whether a topic intrigues you, or you want to have professional development anywhere you work, StackSkills Unlimited makes learning simple. Get the Unlimited Lifetime Learning Subscription Bundle ft. Rosetta Stone for $119.20 (reg. $1,794) with coupon BFSAVE20 for a limited time! Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Black Friday and Cyber Monday mean plenty of online shopping as we track down gifts, coordinate with friends, and get everything shipped. So before you buy, protect yourself with a lifetime subscription to KeepSolid VPN, which has our best price ever for a limited time Black Friday Sale, no coupon needed. Even the most secure computer is subject to snooping. As you use the internet, your internet service provider and other organizations are logging your IP address and tracking where you go, all of it completely legal. VPNs turn the table by routing all your traffic through a secure server. That way, when somebody tries to snoop, they stop at a server with no identifying information. It adds a layer of privacy to any connection you make to the internet, from public Wi-Fi to your home router. KeepSolid uses that basic privacy as a starting point for a suite of privacy protection features that made it PC Mag's Top VPN. Offering your choice of VPN protocols, KeepSolid has a standing zero-log policy that ensures there's no record of where you go online, and it's easy to configure your VPN connection on your router, so you can log in and go. All traffic is protected with 256-bit AES military-grade encryption, and you have a choice of over 400 servers in more than 80 countries to access your streaming sites and shopping areas. With proprietary apps for all your devices, and unlimited bandwidth and speed, you can log in and shop from anywhere this holiday season with the confidence that your data's harder to get at, and your purchase history is harder to track. Get a KeepSolid VPN Unlimited Lifetime Subscription for $19.99 (reg. $199) for a limited time as part of our storewide Black Friday Sale! Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Black Friday is nearly upon us, and there are a lot of possible gifts to buy. Yet with supply chain problems and high demand, you probably won't see many sales. That's where a membership to Sam's Club can help you save on your holiday shopping, and our early Black Friday discount and food bonuses pay dividends before you buy a single gift. Sam's Club gets discounts by using the buying power of its club members to get items at wholesale and sell them in bulk. That volume purchase both drives down the overall cost of the purchase and the cost of the item per unit. This works not just for household staples and occasional bulk purchases, but also for mass-produced gifts like books, movies, consumer electronics, and more. Sam's Club also negotiates discounts for members that include hotel stays, vacation packages, rental cars and other services. Even better, this deal comes with bonuses that make it an even better deal. A Sam's Club membership pays for itself with your purchases, but buying right now first secures a price drop to just $19.99. And with your first in-person purchase, you get a free rotisserie chicken and 8 gourmet cupcakes, a $4.98 and $7.98 value respectively. That means with your first visit you'll not only get deals on your holiday shopping, but a free meal and dessert to go with it. Especially with this holiday season, where deals will be scarce and holiday budgets are tight for many, it's an ideal way to get the best gifts for the best price, and save before you even walk in the door. Get a Sam's Club Membership + Free Rotisserie Chicken & Cupcakes for $19.99 (reg. $57) during our Black Friday Sale! Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Language is constantly evolving, and the future promises even more changes. Fortunately, it's never been easier to learn a new language with Babbel, and right now, for an early Black Friday Sale, you can lock in a lifetime subscription for this top-rated app at just $179 (reg. $499) for a limited time. First launched in 2008, Babbel has become an institution for language learners around the world. It has 4.5 out of 5 stars across more than half a million reviews and ratings on Google Play, and 4.6 out of 5 stars with nearly 200,000 reviews and ratings on the Apple App Store. Fast Company has praised it as the most innovative company in education and hailed by PCMag for its "high-quality self-paced courses." And the design of those courses is the root of all that acclaim. Babbel is structured around practical, real-life topics, like travel, shopping, food, and other shared experiences. Each lesson across the 14 different languages offered by the app is broken into 10-to-15 minute lessons, so you can pack some learning into a coffee break or after work. Each lesson is also built around immersion and native speakers. You'll learn from people with your preferred language as their primary language, while pairing those lessons with advanced speech recognition technology to help you maintain pronunciation. Those tools also fine-tune your review lessons, so you can focus on the areas where you have the most to learn. As you pick up new vocabulary, and as you advance, you'll naturally progress towards more complex lessons about grammar and day-to-day speaking. It'll even synchronize across your devices while maintaining offline lessons, so you can practice even without a signal, and then keep your progress. Get the Babbel Language Learning Lifetime Subscription (All Languages) for $179 (reg. $499) during our early Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Sleep is one of the few places where we're completely at peace (for now, anyway), and snoring can keep you and others from needed rest. Fortunately, for a limited time, you can get a Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters deal on the VitalSleep Anti-Snoring Mouthpiece, no coupon needed. When you sleep, your muscles relax, including the muscles in your throat and neck. In turn, this allows the tongue to fall back, narrowing the pathway for air to get in and out. This makes the upper airway vibrate, and can even affect your quality of sleep. VitalSleep prevents this by keeping your airway open and wider. It keeps the tongue in place while enabling more airflow. With more air going in, and a wider passage for it to come out, your snoring stops. The VitalSleep is simple to set up and adjust. Just soak it in hot water and then put it in your mouth, following the instructions. It'll take an imprint of your teeth and firm it up, offering a custom, comfortable fit. There's a 100% fit guarantee, as well. Similarly, the patented AccuAdjust system is built to better align it with your jaw. Micro-adjustments to the lower tray, done with an included tool, allow you to create the perfect airway for you, and keep snoring at bay. Don't worry, you will not be up at night wondering what's in your mouth. All the materials in the VitalSleep are medical-grade, hypoallergenic, and cleared by the FDA for repeated use, with strict biocompatibility and toxicology testing to ensure safety. We all need a little more rest these days. The VitalSleep helps you get that rest, and everyone with you will likely sleep better as well. Get the VitalSleep Anti-Snoring Mouthpiece for $59.97 (reg. $99) as part of our limited time Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If your family is anything like this reporter's, chances are you have at least one relative who thinks "that Elon Musk guy" might have some good ideas. This topic is as fraught as the SpaceX founder himself — an enigma who manages to encapsulate a ton of different identities (troll, world's richest Iron Man, and father of six, to name a few) into one infuriatingly fascinating persona. It's hard enough talking to one's peers about Musk, let alone to family members to whom the idea of a "dogecoin" would be the family dog eating a penny. Luckily, we at Futurism have to pay attention to the Tesla CEO for a living — and we've got you covered this Thanksgiving. Elon Musk is a complicated character who founded the space company SpaceX and runs Tesla, a major electric carmaker. He's currently the richest man in the world, but many of his personal beliefs and actions are way less palatable than, well, this delicious slice of pie. Elon Musk is, if nothing else, a very complicated figure. On paper, he's not a bad guy at all. He wants to help reduce from gas-powered cars, and walks the walk by owning what is now the world's most popular all-electric car company, and wants to make humans a multiplanetary species in case anything bad happens to the Earth. Politically, he's not a monster, and his ambiguous personal politics often seem like they're not just in service to his unfathomable wealth. The main thing that stands in Musk's way of a better reputation? Arguably... himself. For every good thing the man does — like going on a charity spending spree or offering to donate $6 billion in Tesla stock to help end world hunger — he seems to do or say an equal and opposite bad or cringe-inducing thing that cancels it all out. The prime example of this "Musk effect," of course, is the event that arguably made him a household name: the Thai cave collapse disaster of 2018, in which the Tesla and SpaceX CEO pledged to help rescue a group of 12 boys and their soccer coach, who were trapped inside a cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai Province. As the world watched on in terror at the spelunking trip gone horribly awry, Musk pledged to get the boys out, assembling the best minds at SpaceX, Tesla, and The Boring Company to devise what was to be a "kid-size" submarine — only to end up in a spat with the head of the rescue effort, who ended up calling — sorry, grandma — a "pedo guy." In the end, the boys and their coach were rescued without Musk's submarine, and instead of accolades, he got slapped with a defamation lawsuit from the hero. Talk about squandering your good will! The infamous Thai cave rescue debacle is the perfect illustration for why so many people have such a hard time taking Elon seriously. He makes these lofty claims about wanting to save humanity from itself — but how are we supposed to believe he's gonna get us to Mars if he's too busy messing with Tesla's stock prices to make a weed joke and having to fend off the Securities and Exchange Commission in the process? Or saying Mars colonists should be "prepared to die"? Or speculating that we live in a computer simulation? Or treating his wife like crap? Or... well, you get the picture. Musk is a prime example of the way wealth goes to one's head, and at the end of the day, how we feel about him often correlates to how we feel about capitalism and its adherents — and there are always going to be generational differences there. More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk Threatens Bank With "One Star Review on Yelp" Unless They Drop Lawsuit Share This Article 
Does the holiday season feel a bit warmer to you this year? Well, it’s not just that new sweater your grandma knit for you.  Climate change has already caused a rise in global temperatures, and arguably led to increasingly extreme weather. While your relatives might not believe it’s as big of a deal as people make it out to be, we want to give you a handy guide to help possibly convince them otherwise. Climate change is the shift in average weather patterns over a long period of time. However, it’s being rapidly exacerbated by human activity such as burning fossil fuels, deforestation, and pollution...  ...and it could mean the end of all human life as we know it.  We’re only kind of kidding. This year has been filled with studies about how climate change will slash crop yields, rapidly melt glaciers, and cause "endless suffering." It could also lead to a host of unknown, unintended consequences such as the recent deadly scorpion swarm in Egypt caused by torrential rainfall in the desert region.  At the heart of the matter are anthropogenic — that means "human-caused," uncle Fred — factors such as the burning of fossil fuels and deforestation. Luckily, world leaders are beginning to slowly take action. In November 2021, the United Nations held its Climate Change Conference in Glasgow, Scotland to set goals and discuss frameworks for combating the issue.  Hearteningly, both the US and China — two of the biggest greenhouse gas emitting countries in the world — agreed on a working deal to stay within the 1.5 degrees Celsius limit on global warming. That number is widely seen as the "point of no return" for climate change that could result in the most disastrous and long term effects of climate change such as massive flooding, widespread species extinction, and deadly drought.  The US-China deal is a good framework for the countries to cut back on both deforestation and greenhouse gas emissions. Also, roughly 140 countries at COP26 also agreed on dates to bring their emissions down to net zero. Many are phasing out the use of fossil-fueled powered vehicles entirely, opting to embrace electric vehicles too — so it’s not all doom and gloom! Wait, maybe it is all doom and gloom, actually.  In the middle of dinner, grab your wine glass and clink it as if calling for a toast. Once everyone quiets down, loudly announce to your family that meat consumption is the primary driver of greenhouse gas emissions and they should all be ashamed of themselves. Grab the turkey and hurl it through your family’s picture window.  More on climate change: The Climate Projection for 500 Years From Now Is Unbelievably Bad Share This Article 
Fluffy, Roscoe, Sparky, whatever you named your dog has been itching and licking themself a lot lately. However, you can't put your hand on what's causing the sudden change. It's a good thing you'd do anything to make sure your pet is happy and safe. Did you know that a certain diet or environmental factors can make your dog uncomfortable and even sick? It's time to put an end to their discomfort and the good thing is, you don't have to play detective. This allergen test does it all for you and all you need is a sample of your dog's saliva. The Allergy Test My Pet Kit tests up to 100 of the most common allergens that may be bothering your dog. It can be anything from common household factors to environmental factors to food. This easy test will let you know what foods to avoid in your pet's diet as well as the allergens to keep an eye out for. For our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters, it's on sale for just $64.97 (reg. $99). Not only will the test results help you out with the mysterious element that's causing your pet to get sick, but it will also help with countless trips to the vet. No more will you be spending money on various examinations to find out what may be wrong with your dog. The process is simple. Just take a sample of your dog's saliva with the saliva collection device and send it in. Once you get your results, you and your dog will be much happier and he'll feel much healthier. Even if there doesn't seem to be anything wrong, it's wise to take this test as you never know if your dog will have a mild allergy. One reviewer says, "Lincoln was used as a test dog for the Allergy Test. We didn’t think he was allergic to anything. Turns out he reacts to yogurt and other dairy products. So good to know!" Usually the Allergy Test My Pet Kit runs for $99, but thanks to our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale, it's $64.99 for a limited time. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Tesla CEO Elon Musk took a stance against cryptocurrency exchanges in a Tuesday tweet. On Twitter, someone mused about breaking the ecosystem's "dependence on CEXs like [B]inance and [R]obinhood," prompting another to quip "not your keys, not your crypto." Then Musk chimed in, tweeting "exactly" in reply. In simple terms, a cryptocurrency wallet contains both public and private cryptographic keys. As their names suggest, one type is known to others, while the other is not. Only the private key is able to unlock your funds. When buying cryptocurrencies through an exchange like Binance or Robinhood, customers aren't actually in possession of these keys, let alone a cryptographic wallet. In other words, exchanges may make the process of buying, owning, and trading cryptocurrencies easier — perhaps the biggest reason for their continued success — but they don't issue real credentials to customers. Their approaches to wallets differs greatly. While Coinbase hosts crypto wallets online, others like Robinhood don't support cryptocurrency wallets at all, and make exchanges on the marketplace on behalf of customers. What the large majority of them however have in common is that they keep the security of your crypto entirely in their hands. As it turns out, that can be a very bad thing. Multiple exchanges have been embroiled in massive scandals. For instance, Binance is facing investigation by the Justice Department and the Internal Revenue Service for alleged money laundering and tax dodging. Similarly, the Securities and Exchange Commission charged Robinhood for misleading customers about revenue services and generally failing to execute services last year. On numerous occasions the exchange went dark, leaving customers scrambling to cash in on "meme stocks." When Robinhood went public in July, the first crypto brokerage to do so, the company suffered one of the worst IPOs in US history. If cryptocurrency exchanges' massive profits are anything to go by, customers are very much willing to put their trust in them. But the approach comes with plenty of downsides as well, especially considering the massive regulatory vacuum they operate within. And it sounds like Musk feels the same way. More on exchanges: Teen Hacker Arrested for Stealing $36 Million in Cryptocurrency Share This Article 
Mobile games have absolutely taken off the last couple of years, and until the next best thing comes along, they offer a great way to play great games anywhere. Some of the best games: League of Legends, Call of Duty, Fortnite, Minecraft, and more have been ported to phones and are available to play even if you don't have a gaming system. Phones aren't designed for intense, competitive play though, and you can take some serious hits to your win/loss record if you aren't ready. A new solution is getting a smartphone gamepad like the Serafim S1 Multiplatform Gaming Controller. With one, you'll get all of the response and ease of control that comes with a gamepad without needing to buy a pricey system. Only $43.97 (reg. $69) during our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale, this multi-platform controller is well worth the deal.  The Serafim S1 is designed to be used on 10 different platforms, with 2 joysticks, 2 trigger buttons, and the usual A/B/X/Y button design, so you'll be ready to hop into any game no matter where you are. Even better: you can customize your buttons to provide you with the optimal macro set up. Perform combos with ease by pushing just 1 of the 6 available macro buttons, saving your wrists and your score. Connect with blazing fast Bluetooth 4.0 and you'll experience zero-lag, while still enjoying up to 20 hours of battery life with the S1. Less than $50 and you'll be getting the cross-platform gamepad that has been racking up 5-star reviews on Amazon and winning over gamers everywhere. You'll never feel like you have to leave your games at home with the Serafim S1 Multiplatform Gaming Controller, and with our Black Friday Doorbusters Sale, you won't have to worry about your wallet either. Be sure to pick it up soon, because the $43.97 price will be going back up once this sale is over. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While technology is working to help us avoid the real world, most of us still have jobs to do, and that means notes to take. The Mini Wipebook Scan 2-Pack, a deal from our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale, makes that easy to do, while saving frustration and paper. If you've ever spilled coffee on a notebook, or just found yourself desperately paging through one looking for that specific vital piece of information, the Wipebook concept is a game-changer. The concept combines a whiteboard and a notebook. Just flip it open and start writing; there are 10 double-sided pages giving you both lined and graph paper surfaces. Treat it like paper or a whiteboard, gathering ideas or writing down what you need. You can simply write, flip and keep writing, just like any other notebook. It's when you're done that the Wipebook really shines. When your page is full, or your meeting is ended, just fire up the Wipebook app and scan each page. It backs up to any cloud service that you're using, including OneDrive, Google Drive, and Evernote. They go right to your service where you can search them, making it easy to find and file. Once you're scanned, just wipe it clean like any other whiteboard. Then reuse it for each meeting, again and again, saving on paper and cutting down on waste. And if you have to write on sensitive topics, you can lock your notes behind a password, keeping them more secure, on the service of your choice. Especially as we become more mobile and are further away from desks and offices, that extra layer of security can make a real difference. Get the Mini Wipebook Scan (2-Pack) for $49.97 (reg. $59) as a part of our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale, for a limited time. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Billionaires are extremely keen on getting into space — and taking other billionaires' money in exchange for a seat. Here's how to talk to your family about it. As of right now, a handful of companies are starting to sell tickets on board their spacecraft to "space," with the hopes of establishing an entirely new industry. But everything from the environmental impact to the definition of "space" is up for hot debate. Both Blue Origin CEO Jeff Bezos and Virgin Galactic CEO Richard Branson launched to "space" on their respective companies' spacecraft this year, ogling the Earth's surface below and waxing poetic about having their perspectives on life changed after spending a handful of minutes floating around the cabin. And the tickets aren't cheap. In fact, they are so not-cheap that companies are struggling to sell tickets. Did we mention they're aren't even going to actual space-space? While Bezos made it past the Karman line, which is the internationally agreed upon — and essentially arbitrary — boundary of space at 62 miles, neither billionaire CEO made it far past the upper atmosphere, nevermind orbit around Earth. One company, the Elon Musk-led SpaceX, is already going much farther. Its Inspiration4 crew spent three days orbiting the planet on board a SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft in September, on an orbital path almost 300 miles past where Bezos and Branson traveled. All told, space tourism is the latest conclusion of private companies trying to take your money in exchange for spending next spring break in space. But is it really all it's cracked up to be? That's highly debatable. Did we mention that rocketing into space is still an incredibly polluting process? While NASA, often with the help of SpaceX, is sending humans into space for the sake of furthering our scientific understanding of nature and space, Virgin Galactic and Blue Origin and SpaceX are all doing so to give rich people cloud — while exacting an environmental toll that we don't even fully understand. More on space tourism: Space Tourism Company Cancels Launch Because It Couldn't Find Any Passengers Share This Article 
There’s no better time to stock up on chargers and power banks for your smartphone, laptop, or tablet. Anker, one of the best-known names in wireless technology, has some great deals during its Black Friday sale, now through November 28. Save up to 35 percent on chargers, hubs, power cables, generators, and more.  Here’s a rundown of some of the best deals:  Charge four devices at the same time with this versatile device. Anker’s PowerIQ 3 0-enabled USB-C port provides 45 watts of power to charge any compatible device fast, while three USB-A ports allow you to juice up your mobile devices at the same time. In addition, the charger is made with gallium nitride (GaN) instead of silicone for a sleeker design.  This two-port wall charger and foldable plug uses Anker’s signature high-speed technology to charge almost any mobile device. Great for traveling, this charger works with USB-C compatible phones like the iPhone XR, Xs, Max, Plus, and more; the Galaxy S9 and 10; the Pixel 3a, 3, and XL; the iPad Pro, and more. This easy-to-use wireless charger lets you power up on the go. Just set down your QI-certified phone or wireless earbuds to receive up to 5 watts of power. You can also simultaneously charge another device through one of two USB ports. The package also comes with a USB-A to USB-C cable and a travel pouch.  Turn your MacBook Pro into a media hub with this 7-in-2 USB C adapter, which allows you to expand your capabilities with a Thunderbolt USB-C port, a USB-C data port, two USB-A ports, one HDMI port, 1 SD card slot, and 1 microSD card slot. The hub allows for high-speed data transfer and multi-monitor display for clear streaming.  Be prepared for emergencies or just go camping with this powerful generator that can charge all your devices or power small appliances like a mini fridge. With 200Wh of power, this multi-port generator works with a USB-C car or wall charger, an AC power adapter, and solar power. For more great holiday gifts, check out the Best Black Friday Deals of 2021. This post was created by a non-news editorial team at Recurrent Media, Futurism’s owner. Futurism may receive a portion of sales on products linked within this post.   Share This Article 
Projectors are fantastic for home movie nights, but finding a high-quality one for a good price can be tough. Consider the Prima Pocket Projector, which is on sale for just $279.97 (reg. $799) as a part of our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale. The Prima Pocket Projector is as slim and as light as an iPhone 7s Plus, but it casts a large shadow as it is capable of producing a 200" cinema-quality image onto any surface. With 200 lumens, Prima is 4 times brighter than other portable projectors. Its 1080p HD streaming capability ensures you’ll be watching crisp and sharp multimedia content. This small device is itself powered by 64-bit quad-core processor and it’s powered by Android. Hop on the Google Play Store and download apps and beam the content to whichever surface you choose. Additionally, it boasts an HDMI port, a USB port, and a port for a MicroSD card, so you can connect to a number of your devices. “Works excellent. Great definition and graphics. It is very bright and works well under most conditions. I have rub video files off my USB and it works great no lag, or loss,” writes verified 5-star reviewer Thomas H. Bluetooth and Wi-Fi capability turn this device into a portable multimedia powerhouse. Take it with you on a camping trip or bring it outside to a barbecue, it’s sure to capture the attention of many. Weighing all of 6.63 ounces, you can tote it around with ease. This pocket projector has a battery life of 3 hours for video playback and up to 30 hours for audio playback. The Prima Pocket Projector is available for only $279.97 as part of a Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters price drop. Purchase it today and upgrade your multimedia viewing experience. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
After failing to purchase a copy of the US Constitution, a community of crypto enthusiasts are now what experts might describe as "Big Mad." It all began when the group, known as ConstitutionDAO, set out to purchase a copy of the founding document in an auction held by British fine arts brokers Sotheby’s, Vice reported. It was your classic meme investment, inspired by the classic Nic Cage action-adventure vehicle "National Treasure" — you know, the one where he steals the Constitution. However, despite attracting more than 8,000 investors and raising more than $3 million to bid on the document, the group ultimately lost out to hedge fund CEO Ken Griffin. Now, Vice reports that the community’s Discord has fallen into a mess of disarray and anger — with much of the fury directed at the community’s organizers and their confusing messaging.  A large part of the anger seems to stem from the community’s $PEOPLE token, which was only awarded to people who donated one ethereum (ETH) to the effort to purchase the copy of the Constitution. The token ostensibly gave its owner voting rights on what would happen to the copy if the group actually won the auction.  "You are receiving a governance token rather than fractionalized ownership of the artifact itself. Your contribution to ConstitutionDAO is a donation with no expectation of profit," the group’s website said. "Some examples of this would be voting on advisory decisions about where the Constitution will be displayed, how it should be exhibited, and for how long." However, ConsitutionDAO’s organizers announced that they would move away from the $PEOPLE token in favor of a new "We The People" token called $WTP, according to Vice. Owners of the new, to-be-created token would be able to vote on the direction the group would move in the future.  Obviously, this resulted in the price of $PEOPLE crashing like the box office returns of your average Nic Cage movie. The many owners of the token were furious at the move, but were able to push ConstitutionDAO to abandon the $WTP effort and issue refunds to investors.  There’s also the minor issue of exorbitant fees on crypto platforms. Vice attempted to contribute $200 to the project and reported that an outrageous $90 got eaten up by various transaction costs.  This is a timeless lesson in meme investments. While they sometimes can sometimes feel empowering, there’s also a big chance a project will flounder and go nowhere — leaving behind a lot of angry and US Constitution-less investors in its wake.  READ MORE: ‘Buy the Constitution’ Aftermath: Everyone Very Mad, Confused, Losing Lots of Money, Fighting, Crying, Etc. [Vice] More on crypto: El Salvador President Announces “Bitcoin City” Tax Haven Share This Article 
With the news of Mark Zuckerberg's new pet project to create a fully-digital world, the metaverse is a topic that’s getting more buzz than ever. Naturally, your mom or dad might have a few questions about it when it comes time for Thanksgiving. Heck, you might have a few of the same questions yourself. Well, have no fear: We’ve created a handy guide with all the essential talking points you need to get through a conversation with your friends and family about the metaverse.  The metaverse is a term used to describe a complete virtual reality (VR) or augmented reality (AR) world where people use digital avatars to interact with each other.  The term "metaverse" was first coined in Neal Stephenson’s 1992 sci-fi novel "Snow Crash." However, the concept remained niche until it was broadly popularized in Ernest Cline's 2011 "Ready Player One." Both stories present the metaverse as a dystopian, escapist tool wielded by the powerful in order to control the masses by putting them into a perpetual state of complacency and distraction — but, confusingly, both authors seemed to think that living in the metaverse would be kinda cool. The concept is in the news once again because back in October, Facebook rebranded itself as "Meta" and announced sweeping plans to develop a fully-realized metaverse for totally non-evil and non-dystopian reasons. In his announcement, CEO Mark Zuckerberg described the metaverse as a massive online platform that’ll allow users to create digital avatars, meet and interact with friends, and create AR overlays over existing physical spaces. Oh, and for some reason, nobody has legs. Many experts are rightfully apprehensive about the project, including Facebook’s own VR expert John Carmack, who said recently that he’s been "actively arguing against every single metaverse effort" that the company has put forth for years. While there are a few reasons for the backlash, the most substantive stem from privacy concerns as well as perceptions that the metaverse needs to be a larger, community-led effort rather than centralized by an evil mega-corp (hey, kind of like in "Ready Player One"!) Explain to your parents that you want Thanksgiving and Christmas to be held via metaverse from now on, so you can roleplay as your digital fursona avatar — or tell 'em that you’d rather be able to mute dad when he goes on one of his libertarian rants again. More on the metaverse:  Share This Article 
For just a few days, we're offering Black Friday deals on our top apps and software. Check out these 10 Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters deals, each of which can be accessed with code APPS30. Losing your data can be a disaster. AOMEI Backupper helps protect against it, with backup support for everything on your PC, selective file restore, and system cloning tools to keep what you need handy no matter what. Get an AOMEI Backupper Professional Edition: Lifetime Subscription for $20.29 (reg. $49) with coupon code APPS30. Rated 4.8 out of 5 stars on the Apple App Store, Speakly is designed to get you communicating in another language quickly and effectively. Focusing on the 4,000 most common words in each language, Speakly uses that foundation to promote fluency and language skills in as little as 100 hours. Get a Speakly Lifetime Subscription (All Languages) for $48.99 (reg. $399) with coupon code APPS30. Hosting a website is expensive, yet iBrave not only makes it easy to use, it makes it easy to expand. With one-click installation of popular back-end tools like WordPress, easy migration, and unlimited subdomains, bandwidth, databases and more, it's perfect for any site. Get the iBrave Cloud Web Hosting Lifetime Subscription for $69.99 (reg. $2,997) with coupon code APPS30. This bundle includes password manager Sticky Password, a PCMag Editor's Choice, to keep your passwords both handy and safe. And to guard your traffic, there's PCMag's Top VPN, KeepSolid, with 256-bit encryption and a wide choice of VPN protocols. Get the Lifetime Password Manager & Privacy Subscription Bundle for $20.99 (reg. $398) with coupon code APPS30. Animating your content is as simple as drag-and-drop with VidToon. Choose from a huge library of royalty-free materials to quickly create engaging content for social media, websites, and more. Get a VidToon 2.0 Animated Video Maker: Lifetime Subscription for $34.30 (reg. $4,020) with coupon code APPS30. CuriosityStream is the streaming service that teaches, with thousands of high-quality HD documentaries to enjoy. Meanwhile, KeepSolid will ensure you're the only one watching when you use the internet to stream. Get the CuriosityStream + KeepSolid VPN Unlimited Lifetime Subscription Bundle for $125.30 (reg. $449) with coupon code APPS30. Keep discreet tabs on your kids with this easy-to-install encrypted software. Track a phone's location, calls, data usage, and much more, all without slowing down the phone. Get the mSpy Mobile Phone Tracker Lifetime Subscription for $69.99 (reg. $3,599) with coupon code APPS30. Whether you're running a presentation or streaming a game live with multiple angles, XSplit is designed to make it easy. Add in live calls, automatically resize and broadcast media, get effective chroma key tools, and much more as your stream with this intuitive software. Get the XSplit Broadcaster Premium Lifetime Subscription for Windows for $55.30 (reg. $200) with coupon code APPS30. Sick of iOS errors? AnyFix is built to address them with one click, depending on severity, so you can get back to what you want to do. Get the AnyFix iOS Fix Lifetime Subscription for Mac & Windows for $27.99 (reg. $129) with coupon code APPS30. Beloved by critics, including a 5 out of 5 from CNET, Mail Backup X helps you archive, track, and manage your email. Quickly import your archives, create a mirror on the cloud service of your choice, and keep it all private with 256-bit encryption. Get the Mail Backup X Individual Edition for $34.99 (reg. $179) with coupon code APPS30. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
One of the toughest moments of a break-in or disaster is losing your stuff. The US saw 1.2 million property crimes in 2018, two-thirds of which happened at homes and apartments, and 387,000 fires at homes in the same year. And while insurance is supposed to help, many find it can be a long, drawn-out nightmare. Why is the insurance protecting our stuff so broken? And how are we starting to fix it? Before we can understand how companies like Lemonade are doing it right, we have to understand how others are doing us wrong. You may not realize it, but when you pick up a standard insurance policy, you’re placing a bet with the insurance company, or at least that’s how they see it. The gamble is that you’ll never need your policy; as long as you don’t cash it in, they keep the premiums and that’s pure profit added to their bottom line. But unlike a casino, where if the house loses, they pay out and that’s the end of it, an insurance company can make more bets. They can deny your claim, and gamble you just accept your loss and move on. They can lowball the value of your lost stuff, and gamble that you’ll take what you can get. And they can gamble if all that doesn’t work, that the cost of an attorney will deter you from going to court over their failing to pay out. And these are bets they have to take: After all, if they pay out, they’re losing profit, and have to explain that. Even the most well-meaning company in this situation is going to run a detailed investigation, as they’ll have to explain where the money went to their investors. So how can we shift insurance from a casino with a bet you’re placing every month, to the quick, simple service that you need when a disaster happens? Lemonade Insurance is an example of the future of insurance. To begin with, it’s chartered as a public benefit corporation: Where traditional insurance companies are constrained solely to provide profits to shareholders, Lemonade’s corporate structure allows it to instead donate leftover funds to the public good, something it does by sorting its customers into groups of peers based on the causes they care about. This also allows the startup to charge a flat fee for policies instead of a sliding scale, and to treat money paid for policies as still the money of their clients, not their money. This makes the relationship between the company and their policyholders resemble more volunteers working together instead of poker players trying to psych each other out. Claims are paid out quickly, as there’s no loss or gain to be calculated. Insurance will always be necessary, as long as there’s risk. But there’s no reason to make it a game you don’t want to play, and we’re beginning to see the rise of a smarter, more effective system that protects, and supports, everyone. Get a quote from Lemonade today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Imagine being up the creek without a paddle. But worse, imagine that you still managed to make it to wherever you wanted to go, only to realize that you have no means to power up your equipment. In this modern age in which we depend upon electricity and technology, doing without is not an option. Luckily we can count on the sun for solar energy and portable power stations to get us through. So whether you are opting to live off the grid, glamp in the RV park, rough it with only a sleeping bag and a pup tent, or just in need of a backup power source, these are deals worthy of your consideration. Don't think too long though. The 15% additional discount is only available for a limited time during our Pre-Black Friday sale. The sun is good for more than just tanning and Vitamin D. It can also be channeled to simultaneously charge up to 3 devices. This solar-powered power bank boasts a high boosting capacity and features a built-in Qi-standard wireless charger, USB ports, and an LED floodlight. Get Sun Chaser 20,000mAh Solar-Powered Wireless Phone Charger for $50.99 (reg. $129) with code SAVE15NOV. Juice up your phone while you’re soaking up the rays. This bundle gets its charging energy from the sun, and can get your device up and running as fast as any wall charger. It’s weather resistant and works with any USB port. Get SolarEnergy Mini: Solar Panel + Power Bank Bundle for $98.60 (reg. $139) with code SAVE15NOV. It seems that we never realize exactly how much we rely on electricity until we experience a blackout. With this backup battery power station you will never be left out in the dark again. It supplies up to 7 days of power on a single charge, ensuring that your devices, appliances, and other electronics will work even in times of disaster. Get HomePower ONE: Backup Battery Power Station for $807.49 (reg. $1,299) with code SAVE15NOV. Every emergency preparedness kit should also be complemented with this bundle. It includes both the HomePower ONE backup battery power station plus a SolarPower ONE portable solar panel to ensure that you will also stay fully charged and connected throughout any emergency situation. Get Generark Solar Generator: HomePower ONE + SolarPower ONE for $1,189.15 (reg. $1,897) with code SAVE15NOV. You say you want to be off the grid, but do you really want to disconnect yourself from everything? We think not. By equipping yourself with this solar panel you can have the best of both worlds. Compatible with most generators, it can recharge portable power stations and your electric devices and keep your equipment running without interruption. Get EcoFlow 110W Solar Panel for $246.49 (reg. $399) with code SAVE15NOV. Successfully funded on Kickstarter, this power station represents the new standard of battery-powered generators. It recharges at 10 times the speed of most portable stations and can power up to 13 devices, including most home appliances and heavy-duty DIY tools under 1,800W, at once. It can be fully recharged by solar panels in about 4 hours, or through a 12/24V carport in less than 10 hours. Get EcoFlow DELTA Power Station for $977.49 (reg. $1,399) with code SAVE15NOV. When you need a lot of power, and you need it fast, this portable power station is for you. The patented EcoFlow X-Stream technology lets you charge the RIVER Pro from 0%-80% within one hour and offers a full charge in just 1.6 hours. It includes 3 pure sine wave AC outlets and it can power up to 10 devices. Get EcoFlow RIVER Pro Portable Power Station for $535.49 (reg. $649.00) with code SAVE15NOV. Get all the benefits of the EcoFlow RIVER Power Station with the added value of a 110W solar panel charger. The solar panel is waterproof and durable, so that you can confidently stay connected while enjoying the great outdoors, no matter the weather. Get EcoFlow RIVER Power Station with 110W Solar Panel for $636.64 (reg. $748) with code SAVE15NOV. Since it’s practically impossible these days to go anywhere without wanting to be connected, this power station and solar panel bundle is the perfect travel companion when you’re heading somewhere off the grid. The power station can charge up to 10 devices simultaneously with multiple outlet options, including three 600W AC outlets while the solar panel will ensure that your electronics will continue to run without interruption. Get EcoFlow RIVER Pro Power Station with 110W Solar Panel for $832.99 (reg. $1,049) with code SAVE15NOV. Contrary to what you may think, this solar panel doesn’t necessarily have to be in full sunlight to produce maximum power. It delivers improved performance even in cold and cloudy environments within the operation range, while an ETFE film provides extra protection against ultraviolet light, prolonging its lifespan. Get EcoFlow 160W Solar Panel for $339.15 (reg. $449) with code SAVE15NOV. Delta is the world’s strongest battery generator. It brings you the most power, the fastest recharge, and peace of mind whether you’re living off the grid, or waiting out a blackout. It packs 1,300 watt hours that will let you stay powered for longer periods of time. Coupled with the Eco Flow Solar Panel, you can be confident that you will stay connected no matter what the situation. Or, if you're looking for a little more punch, you can opt for a bundle with one of EcoFlow's 160W solar panels for $1,274.15 (reg. $1,849) when you use SAVE15NOV at checkout. Get EcoFlow DELTA + 110W Solar Panel for $1,223.15 (reg. $1,798) with code SAVE15NOV. The modular design of EcoFlow RIVER Max gives you the freedom to adjust the power and portability of the unit. The extra battery doubles the capacity from 288Wh to 576Wh during situations when you need more power. It can charge up to 10 devices at once, including about 80% of essential devices. If you are looking to add a solar panel to this deal, you can opt for a bundle that includes an EcoFlow RIVER Max + 110W Solar Panel for $586.46 (reg. $889) with code SAVE15NOV at checkout. Get EcoFlow RIVER Max Portable Power Station for $382.46 (reg. $599) with code SAVE15NOV. One never knows when disaster might strike (and by “disaster” we mean any time you won’t be able to run your blender or turn on your phone) so having a generator on hand is never a bad idea. The EcoFlow RIVER Pro keeps multiple devices powered on at once and recharges in record times via car, solar, or standard AC outlets. Together with the EcoFlow Solar Panel, you can rest assured that you can stay “on the grid” even when you’re off it. Get EcoFlow RIVER Pro + 160W Solar Panel for $849.96 (reg. $1,099) with code SAVE15NOV. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A few years ago, an argument broke out about whether streaming was really "the future of entertainment." Modern events have settled that argument for good, yet that's left consumers wondering where to get quality content, especially documentaries and informative videos. The CuriosityStream + KeepSolid VPN Unlimited Lifetime Subscription Bundle ensures you always have something great to watch, while keeping you secure, and it's available for just $179 (reg. $449) as one of our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters, no coupon needed. First, there's thousands of award-winning documentaries at your fingertips with CuriosityStream, rated 4.7 stars out of 5 on the Apple App Store. Featuring experts like naturalist Sir David Attenborough, physicist Michio Kaku, and more, there's nearly limitless ways to learn something new about history, science, culture, and much more. Drawing on top production companies from around the world, the service updates weekly, so there's always something new to discover. A virtual private network protects you by stopping the trail internet snoops can follow at the VPN's servers. KeepSolid, PCMag's Top VPN, builds on that with a global server network, making it easy to swap where your traffic goes and 256-bit encryption paired with a zero-log policy for extra security. Whether you're using public Wi-Fi regularly or just want an extra layer of security at home, its custom apps integrate smoothly with all your devices. It also offers unlimited traffic and connection speeds, so you'll never have to choose between privacy and convenience. Tools like trusted networks, ping tests, and favorites help you manage connections and quickly log in. And if you've got a preferred VPN protocol, KeepSolid offers a suite to choose from, to customize your privacy even further. Finally, if there's a problem you can't fix, 24/7 customer support will get you back online safely and securely. Get the CuriosityStream + KeepSolid VPN Unlimited Lifetime Subscription Bundle for $179 (reg. $449) as part of our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Congratulations! You're lucky enough to be seated, in relatively safety, around the Thanksgiving table in-person this year with your annoying family instead of having to do so over Zoom and/or risk catching the plague that, at this time last year, had no vaccine. But wait! What's that your irritating aunt just said about how her neighbor — who's a nurse, by the way — told her something about COVID vaccines making women infertile? Roll your eyes, take another bite of stuffing, and have a sip of cider to fortify yourself. We've got your back. All major health authorities, from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to the World Health Organization, have issued full-throated endorsements of these miraculous vaccines and shot down all of the major concerns about their purported negative health effects. Oh, great, someone just shouted that there's 5G in the vaccine. Buckle in, folks — we're in for a bumpy ride. First of all, you should explain to your fellow Thanksgiving attendees that 5G is literally just a term that describes how we're up to the fifth generation of broadband cell networks — and that in 2021, the technology to put a microscopic, magnetic tracking chip inside of a vaccine solution simply doesn't exist. "That microchip would have to have an associated power source, and then in addition, that power source would have to transmit a signal through at least an inch of muscle and fat and skin to a remote device," Dr. Matt Laurens, a University of Maryland pediatric disease specialist and researcher for COVID vaccine trials, told CNBC. Simply put, the good doctor said that kind of tech "just doesn’t make sense." That should be enough to quell your Infowars-subscribing cousin, but what about your well-intentioned neighbor who's clearly been watching a lot of Fox News since she retired last year? One of the biggest concern-trolling complaints about the vaccination effort is that there wasn't enough research put into mRNA vaccine technology. It might not be as ridiculous-sounding as the 5G conspiracies, but it's equally untrue. Ribonucleic acid, or RNA, is like Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) except that it's a single strand rather than the two that make up DNA's distinctive double-helix pattern. mRNA, as this actually very useful Study.com science lesson for children explains, is "like a piece of mail sent to the ribosomes" — an instructive messenger that tells the proteins that make up DNA how to replicate themselves ("don't worry," the Study.com lesson continues, "it doesn't need a stamp!") The existence of mRNA itself was, as Johns Hopkins' Bloomberg School of Public Health noted in this handy history explainer, discovered in the 1960s, and by the 70s scientists had already begun researching ways to "deliver" it into cells. It "took a great deal of innovation" to actually get synthetic mRNA into bodies, which is why it took scientists a couple of decades to start trials, first on mice in the 90s and eventually humans in the 2010s. So fine, you've convinced them that this "new" vaccine technology didn't just spring up out of nowhere. But what about all those reports of people having bad reactions and getting scary-sounding diseases like Bell's palsy? Imagine that, we have an explanation for that one too! While there have been plenty of instances of people having adverse reactions — yes, including some Bell's palsy-like symptoms — the relatively-minor risk of having that kind of reaction is, according to researchers, far outweighed by "the beneficial and protective effects of the inactivated COVID-19 vaccines." This comes per a study in The Lancet, the medical journal that was literally the first and only one to publish (and subsequently retract, years after it did its damage) that one falsified paper linking vaccines to autism. Between the risk of not only getting the potentially-fatal coronavirus but also having long-term symptoms and spreading it to everyone around you, you can safely tell your family members that you'd much rather risk feeling like shit for a day than feeling like shit for a month or longer and/or becoming a Typhoid Mary. Tell them to fuck off and leave in a huff — the less time you spend breathing the same indoor air as likely-unvaccinated idiots, the better. Read more: "Gene Simmons to the Unvaccinated: 'You Are an Enemy'" More on long COVID: "COVID May Have Messed Up One Million Americans' Sense of Smell" Share This Article 
Imagine, if you will, that future humans manage to travel to other worlds and find... more humans. According to one University of Cambridge astrobiologist, that scenario may be more likely than you'd think. In a new interview with the BBC's Science Focus magazine, an evolutionary palaeobiologist  at the institution's Department of Earth Sciences named Simon Conway Morris declared that researchers can "say with reasonable confidence" that human-like evolution has occurred in other locations around the universe. The core of Morris' belief comes from the theory of convergent evolution, which claims that, as Science Focus put it, "random effects eventually average out so that evolution converges, tending to produce similar organisms in any given environment." The magazine used the examples of flight, which "has evolved independently on Earth at least four times — in birds, bats, insects and pterosaurs." In short, convergent evolution theory posits that evolution itself is a law of nature — and, as a logical endpoint, it's likely that evolution would operate the same way on different planets as it does here on Earth. In other words, it's theoretically possible that the blue and green alien humanoids you see on "Star Trek" could be, well, actually out there. Morris isn't the only Cambridge man who believes alien life would have evolved in ways "analogous to a human." Arik Kershenbaum, a zoologist at the rarified British institution, wrote a whole book about the concept of alien evolution. "Because evolution is the explanatory mechanism for life everywhere," Kershenbaum told Quanta magazine earlier this year, "then the principles that we uncover on Earth should be applicable in the rest of the universe." Kershenbaum argued that while it's "tempting" to envision alien races who don't have the same cultural interests humans have, such as philosophy and literature, we have to remember that they didn't just spring up out of a vacuum as advanced technological beings. Even alien lifeforms with greater technology than humans, Kershenbaum said, would have "evolved from a pre-technological species." "If that pre-technological species went on to develop all the things that we have now, chances are that they were built on building blocks that served that social purpose — things like bonding between group members, transmission of information and useful ideas between group members," he told Quanta. "A pre-technological alien civilization could be singing and dancing and telling stories just like pre-technological human civilization did, because it serves the same purpose." It's compelling to imagine other worlds where humanoid lifeforms, in Kershenbaum's wording, are "singing and dancing and telling stories" just like on Earth. And if the laws of evolution are as strong as Darwinists like Kershenbaum and Morris believe, that ups both our propensity for relating to and communicating with aliens — and, unfortunately, for warring with them as well. Share This Article 
No matter who you are, what you do, or where you live, you will always need to measure something. It could be to hang your favorite picture on the wall or measure where to put that brand new computer monitor you bought for a new office space. As long as we're alive, we'll have to continue to measure. Most people will usually grab a bulky tape measurer or search the house for that wooden ruler that is hiding out somewhere. But what if there was something to make our measuring a lot easier and a lot more cooler. Meet ROLLOVA, the digital rolling ruler that is ready to take care of all your measuring needs. This innovative rolling ruler can measure any surface up to 83 feet that are straight or curved by simply rolling over it. The Rollova 2.0 Digital Ruler is on sale for just $69.97 (reg. $89) for our limited-time Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale. There's no bulky measuring tape snapping back at you when you use a Rollova, and you don't need an extra hand to help you out. Even better, the ROLLOVA is digital so it takes the measurement and displays it on a sharp and energy-efficient OLED screen. It fits right in your pocket too, so you can easily take it with you to measure anything that needs to be measured. I bet you're wondering how accurate it really is though, right? Well according to the makers. Hozo Design, the maximum tolerance ±0.4% which is pretty darn good! The ROLLOVA has a stainless steel body and comes with 2 CR1632 Batteries. You'll also get a genuine leather black carrying case to keep it safe and secure when taking it with you. The ROLLOVA 2.0 Digital Ruler was fully funded on Kickstarter and normally sells for $89 but for a few days, it's on sale for our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale. Get the Rollova 2.0 Digital Ruler for $69.97 (reg. $89. Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
“As technology advances in complexity and scope, fear becomes more primitive.” ― Don DeLillo “Fear not lest precautions and protective contrivances diminish your pleasure: mystery only adds thereto.” — Marquis de Sade Mortimer Granville isn’t a name that goes with Alexander Graham Bell or Philo Farnsworth. But the 19th century British physician who invented the vibrator belongs just as much in the pantheon of great inventors as any, so influential remains his work to the lives of ordinary humans. Unlike Jonas Salk, Peter Dunn and Albert Wood  didn’t invent a vaccine — but they did invent Viagra. And surely you can recognize that those peddling erotica have always been pushing the fringes of technology forward, from the printing press to home video, web forums, DVDs, high-definition streaming, and VR — more often than not, porn has gotten there first. Forget the ancient Sumerian who invented the wheel, or Ben Franklin’s key-tied kite — because for all of humanity’s legendary technological pioneers, innovators and inventors, there have always been those undersung geniuses, those pleasure-hungry sensualists, libertines, and thrill-seekers at-large answering the call from humanity (to say nothing of their own base desires) to feel higher and hotter, to go faster, to make it last longer and get it harder, stronger, sooner, and simply more, and more, and more. Necessity isn’t always the mother of invention. Sometimes, it’s simply curiosity. But sometimes, it’s just because we’re horny. This week, we’re pleased to bring you a different version of Futurism, containing stories from the horizon of hedonism: Welcome to The Science of Pleasure. In collaboration with our sister site MEL Magazine, this week, both MEL and Futurism will be bringing you stories from both publications about the highs and pleasures and edges (or edging) of tomorrow, today. This week, we’ll be taking you from the slightly horrific and fascinating world of AI-generated neural network porn, to the human technology implants delivering pleasure straight to your brain, to gene-hacked libidos, CRISPR’d sexual organs, bionic sex toys, space sex, self-driving sex, something called the "orgasmatron," VR bodyswapping, the neurocognitive miracle known to some as a “spank bank,” erotic hypnotism, and more. To see everything in The Science of Pleasure series, check back here, as we'll be updating this page each week with new stories. If you don't wanna do that, you can always sign up for MEL's fantastic newsletter and follow them on Twitter and Facebook, where they'll be dropping all their stories from this thing. Also, don't forget: Futurism has a free newsletter, too, and if you're missing out on it, you'll be missing out on all of our side of this thing, and the rest of the most cutting-edge news on the emergent science and technology stories of the day, as they happen, to say nothing of our Twitter and Facebook. And here's what we've published so far: Gaze Upon the Horrid Melting Flesh of Neural Network Porn Who Killed the "Female Pleasure Button"? With GABA, There's an Entirely New Way to Look at Pleasure in the Brain Oh Great, They’re Filming Porn Inside Teslas on Autopilot The Brave New World of Erotic VR Body-Swapping Where in my Brain Is my Spank Bank? What are the Ethics of an Implant That Delivers Pleasure Directly Into Your Brain? Can CRISPR Engineer a Species of Men With Honkin' Dicks  The Physiology of the Fabled "Double Nut"  We Need to Talk About Gay Sex in Space Who's Afraid of the Big, Bad Erotic Hypnotist To Hack the Brain's Pleasure System, You Have to Conquer Fear Could We Gene Hack Ourselves to Be Blissed Out Sex Maniacs, Like Our Distant Cousins the Bonobos? New Sex Toy Aims to Emulate the Experience of Having a Penis How Dense and Hard Can the Densest, Hardest Boner Be? What If You Went Back in Time and Fucked Yourself? Share This Article 
Any long term human presence on Mars — colonization, research, visit and travel — that didn't confine settlers to airtight compounds would rely on a stable atmosphere that doesn't lose too many particles or fry human bodies with too much radiation. Now, scientists from a star-studded list of universities and organizations, including NASA's own chief scientist James Lauer Green, are suggesting that we protect humans on Mars from deadly atmospheric conditions by jumpstarting the planet's magnetic field. "For a long-term human presence on Mars to be established, serious thought would need to be given to terraforming the planet," the team wrote in a new paper that will print in the journal Acta Astronautica in January 2022, first spotted by Universe Today. "One major requirement for such terraforming is having the protection of a planetary magnetic field which Mars currently does not have." Earth has a strong magnetic field, but Mars' is pitifully weak and fragmented. One of the first goals of terraforming, according to the paper, would be increasing the atmospheric pressure above the Armstrong Limit, the threshold that allows humans to survive without a full-body pressure suit. Below that pressure limit, water in the lungs, eyes and saliva spontaneously boils, the team writes in their paper — and it's hard to imagine we'll be getting much done on any planet where humans turn into flesh soup. So just how much of a magnetic field would be needed to protect Mars and the humans that might someday live on it? Surprisingly, the team writes that the force needed to deflect say, solar wind, is about the same as a regular fridge magnet. But they'd need to generate it over the entire planet, a substantial challenge. The scientists suggested a few ways to pull it off. These include restarting and circulating Mars' iron core, creating a continuous solid loop or loop of solid-state magnets, or using a chain of coupled sources with a controlled beam or a plasma torus — a big ring, basically — of charged particles with an artificial current. This means there are options that include hardware in locations as wide ranging as the Martian surface and Martian orbit. While each option has pros and cons, the team concluded that reigniting Mars' core is least feasible, and creating a plasma torus with blasted-off moon material would not significantly erode Mars' satellites. That latter option also somewhat mimics the plasma torus created in Io’s orbit around Jupiter. Needless to say, creating a magnetic field would require massive resources; the absolute bare minimum of power needed would be around is around 10¹⁷ joules, which was nearly the entire power consumption of all humans on Earth in 2020. That means we'll likely need to employ nuclear fission reactors as a power source, which team speculates would likely be required for permanent colonization anyway. Among folks looking toward permanent colonies is SpaceX CEO and noted loudmouth Elon Musk — who seems to believe we don't have a lot of time before Earth isn't habitable — and who's also speculated about terraforming the Red Planet. Although the authors caution that they aren't saying a magnetic field is necessary for life on Mars, it seems pretty difficult to imagine a sustainable Martian presence without it. And it's intriguing, to say the least, that NASA's chief scientist is on board. More on life on Mars: Elon Musk: We Have to Get to Mars Because of “Nuclear Armageddon” on Earth Share This Article 
Our global data network has connected us all, for better or worse. And in the case of automated calls, texts, and comments, it's definitely worse. Fortunately, you can send those annoying calls and texts packing with a 3-year subscription to RoboKiller, and it's now 50% off as an early Black Friday deal. RoboKiller's AI turns the prank call on its head. While number blocking helps, spammers are constantly switching numbers. So instead of blocking the number, the spammer is fed into an automated system called AnswerBots that pretends to be interested, keeping them on the line. The AI then uses voiceprint technology to identify the spammer and blacklist them. It won't matter how many numbers they use or how they change their script. Once they're in RoboKiller's system, they're identified and blocked for good. As an added bonus, you can pick your AnswerBot, and hear spammers waste their time trying to get through. RoboKiller is also highly customizable, part of the reason it has 4.5 out of 5 stars in the Apple App Store. You can set your level of call blocking so you can let only approved numbers through, or numbers that meet certain criteria. Block and allow lists give you a velvet rope to only let certain people into your ears. And if there's an emergency or another need, you can pause the call blocking as well. You can also use a personalized AI call screener to catch out more elaborate spammers, or just route unwanted calls to a voicemail box. And if you do get a spam call at any point, it's easy to report and block, adding it to the database and making spammers' lives just that much harder. If you're sick of fake calls, RoboKiller will give you a little peace of mind. Get a RoboKiller Spam Call & Text Blocker 3-Year Subscription for $59.99 (reg. $119). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With 2022 rolling up fast, it's already time to start considering the steps you're ready to take to make the new year a great one. There are loads of professional and extracurricular goals you can set for yourself in the coming year, but your list should probably begin with improving your own emotional and spiritual well-being first and foremost. Because if you aren't fundamentally happy and content, the rest doesn't really matter, right? You need a body in its best possible condition, free of the nagging aches, pains, and stresses. And you also need a mind uncluttered and anxiety-free, clear, calm, and focused on your overall wellness. The Lyric rhythm therapy massager speaks to both of those needs. While a massage gun usually pounds away at your flesh repeatedly like it's being tenderized, the Lyric handheld massager delivers with the much more holistic rhythm therapy technique. Unlike the mono-frequency repeated thumping of traditional percussive massagers, the Lyric vibrates with an almost wave-like pattern, ebbing and flowing in a natural rhythm that not only helps soothe tight or sore muscles, but also works to relax the mind, calm anxiety, and boost energy. The Lyric can lull your body into a parasympathetic state, lowering tension and bringing you to a calming rest. Meanwhile, other patterns can activate a sympathetic response, energizing the body to a full awake alert. The Lyric connects via WiFi to your phone or tablet to access the soothing patterns, but the device is fully controllable from the easy to use touchscreen. It helps guide users through therapies and doesn’t require juggling both the device and a phone at the same time to promote concentrated relaxation. “This was very easy to use with the guided settings to relieve the tension I had in my lower back,” user Alex said. “The calm setting helped me the most on the more stressful days while the pain relief setting worked best for my lower back.” Regularly priced at $199.95, The Lyric rhythm therapy massager is available now with a pair of incentives, both free shipping and a free 1-year warranty to keep your Lyric running for years. Take your wellness journey to the next level Lyric's rhythm therapy! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Sometimes products and physical items get boring. As we grow older, a lot of us find value in gifts that stimulate our minds and that can even broaden our horizons. Give the gift of learning this holiday season with up to 98% off these 10 Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale course bundles. Learn ethical hacking from senior penetration tester and cybersecurity expert Mohamed Atef. Across these 12 courses, he lays out everything you need to know to protect networks and systems. Get the A to Z Cyber Security & IT Certification Training Bundle for $19.97 (reg. $1,437). Dan Dresnok distills more than 2 decades of experience as a guitar teacher into these 9 courses. Dresnok teaches skills, genres such as blues and jazz, and much more across 218 lessons. Get the Ultimate Beginner to Expert Guitar Lessons Bundle for $9.97 (reg. $1,601). Using Google Analytics can provide deep insights into who's viewing your site and why. These 12 hours of instruction will give you the grounding you need to deliver better analysis of site traffic and results. Get the Google Analytics Master Class Bundle for $9.97 (reg. $995). Taught by entrepreneurs and other experts who use machine learning in their day-to-day work, this bundle starts with machine learning for absolute beginners. Once you've got the grounding, you can then learn the different ways machine learning and AI are changing the world. Get the Premium Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Super Bundle for $14.97 (reg. $2,388). Java is one of the most commonly used computer languages in the world. Each of these 8 courses is chosen by coders and others who use Java every day, building skills with practical code-along projects. Get the Premium Java Programming Certification Bundle for $14.97 (reg. $1,600). Offering 100 hours of CPD (continuing professional development) credits, this online course is built to teach American Sign Language from the ground up. There are not only 3 levels of ASL, but also ASL for babies and toddlers, and scuba diving hand signals. Get the Complete 2022 American Sign Language Master Class Bundle for $19.97 (reg. $242). Ever wanted to draw your own comic? This 10-course bundle uses sequential art to teach you anatomy, perspective, character and more, all taught by working artists. Get the 2022 Premium School of Digital Art Bundle for $9.97 (reg. $2,000). Certifications are key to launching or boosting an IT career. These 9 courses each look at a different certification offered by CompTIA, and teach you what you need to know both at the exam table and in the workplace. Get the Premier All CompTIA Certification Training Bundle: Lifetime Access for $14.97 (reg. $174). Adobe Creative Cloud is far more than just Photoshop. Taught by professional designers and graphic artists, each of these 7 courses explore a different aspect of the Creative Cloud. Get the Epic 2022 Adobe Creative Cloud Training Bundle for $19.97 (reg. $1,393). Linux and Git are the foundations of any successful coding career. This bundle starts with the command line and moves you into advanced concepts in using these tools to make coding easier. Get the Mastering Linux and Git Certification Bundle for $14.97 (reg. $1,600). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Wi-Fi has become so important, scientists have even figured out how to turn dangerous radiation into a way to access Twitter. Getting the best Wi-Fi coverage in your home can be a challenge, though, so the Meshforce M7 was built to solve it quickly and easily. And it's easier to get one now with an early Black Friday deal bringing its price down to $219 (reg. $249). Where before you plugged in a router, adjusted the antennas, and hoped for the best, mesh networks take a proactive approach and act as "nodes" in your house which all connect to each other. Instead of all traffic flowing to the router, either directly or through an extender, a mesh network simply connects you to the network itself. Think of it as a router that's distributed throughout your house, instead of sitting next to your TV. This means you can place nodes where it's most convenient, instead of waving your device around hoping to detect signal. Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars on Amazon, The Meshforce M7 adds to the convenience with a tri-band system that makes it easier to connect. Just connect it to your modem and configure it according to the prompts, and then place the nodes in nearby rooms, like home offices or workspaces. Powered by a dual-core processor and 256MB of memory, the Meshforce nodes seamlessly manage even heavy traffic situations, so if you have guests staying, you won't see the internet slow to a crawl. Said guests could also have their own guest network built into the system, and it would be easily manageable with the My Mesh app for iOS and Android. Parents can set up controls to keep kids focused on homework, not games. And the built-in firewall and WPA/WPA2 encryption protects your data while helping to keep snoops and hackers out. Get the Meshforce M7 Tri-Band Mesh WiFi System for $219 (reg. $249) during this limited-time, early Black Friday sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The right sleep schedule can make all the difference in your physical and mental well-being. The Hupnos Anti-Snoring Sleep Mask ensures you get the full amount of sleep you need, and right now you can save 52% with this early Black Friday deal. Snoring happens when your airway is restricted, either by your sleeping position or due to a medical concern. The higher pressure of air vibrates your upper airway, causing those infamous chainsaw sounds that keep us awake. In turn this can make it harder to get to sleep and stay asleep, keeping you awake or even injuring your airway in extreme cases. Featured on Men's Health, AARP, Engadget, Sleep Review, and Forbes — Hupnos starts by helping you figure out the intensity of your snoring, using the app to record what you're emitting. Just leave your phone near where you sleep and the app will do the rest. You'll be able to learn when you snore, which can be useful for figuring out the problem. Then Hupnos helps you take the next steps to fix it. First, the silicone nosepiece is designed to increase your expiration pressure while keeping you comfortable, reducing your snoring. Next, it'll detect your position and use gentle vibrations that will encourage you to shift, relieving your airways of pressure, while not waking you up. The microfiber mask can be worn for hours, with easily adjustable straps for a comfortable fit. It's easy to bring with you, as it recharges via USB and doesn't have any bulky docks or other equipment it needs to be clipped into. It's also simple to clean, as the nosepiece and mask can be separated with the mask being washed like any other piece of clothing, and the nose piece can be hand-cleaned with soap and water. Get the Hupnos Anti-Snoring Sleep Mask for $94.99 (reg. $199) during this limited-time Pre-Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While there are some places we probably don't want scanners, there are many situations at work or while learning where grabbing a quote or some relevant data and keeping it in digital storage would be useful. The Scanmarker Air Digital Highlighter makes that easy and doable, and right now you can save 20% on it as a Pre-Black Friday deal. The Scanmarker Air works just like an old-school highlighter. Compatible with Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android, it connects via Bluetooth. To use it, just place the points on either side of the text you want to keep, and draw it across. It's able to scan 3,000 characters a minute and put a full line of text on screen within a second of highlighting it. The Scanmarker uses optical character recognition (OCR) to transcribe the information. Put quotes into reports and papers, copy relevant data into spreadsheets, and note down publication information for footnotes with this tool. It will even read back what you're copying as it scans. Yet as handy as that is, that's just the start. Rated 4/5 stars on Amazon, the Scanmarker also works as a written language translator. Supporting over 70 languages across major language families, it can read aloud printed text, helping you learn to speak a language or check your pronunciation. You can also use the Speed Reading feature to improve fluency and to compare written and spoken versions of a text. It also includes a dictionary, so if you're not sure of a word, just scan it and you'll get a full definition. Anyone who works with documents in different languages, or is working to pick up a new one, can speed up the process with a quick swipe, and you can preserve turns of phrase and challenging sentences for later study. Get the Scanmarker Air Digital Highlighter for $110 (reg. $139) as a part of an early Black Friday deal! Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Protecting your information has never been more important, or harder to do. A strong virtual private network (VPN) can protect your financial and personal data, ensuring you can shop, browse, and stream securely this holiday. BelkaVPN offers fast, reliable protection, and right now you can save 94% on a lifetime subscription as an early Black Friday deal. A VPN offers protection by routing all of your web traffic through the network's servers. Anybody trying to track you hits a wall at the VPN's server, which thousands of others are using, stalling out snooping tactics and other ways of tracking you. Think of it as a tunnel you travel through to pop up anonymously elsewhere online. For extra safety, BelkaVPN includes AES 256-bit military grade encryption on its traffic, CleanWeb to block malicious software and ads, and a zero log policy on its internal servers. So when you need to shop for a gift, or put more money in your shopping account, you can do so anywhere securely. And on iOS and Android, use the kill switch to cut off connections if you're worried about safety. With 4.2/5 stars on TrustPilot, BelkaVPN is also built to be easy to use. At home, you can easily configure your connection on your router, so any device that connects is protected. Device management tools make it simple to see who's connected. You also have your choice of VPN protocols, so you can pick what works best or switch as needed. BelkaVPN offers unlimited speed and bandwidth through all of its more than 120 servers, with 25 different locations around the world. And if there's ever an issue, just check in with the 24/7 customer support. Get a little peace of mind this holiday shopping season, with a secure VPN on your side. Get a BelkaVPN Lifetime Subscription for $39.99 (reg. $719). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Allergies have been increasing across the developed world, which has been attributed to better medicine, better understanding of allergens, and external factors like climate change. And just like us, our pets can suffer from these problems too. The 5Strands Pet Food & Environmental Intolerance Test helps you track down these issues and give your pet a better life. It's on sale for just $134.99 (reg. $148) as a part of a Pre-Black Friday Sale. Specifically, 5Strands looks at non-Immunoglobulin E (IgE) mediated reactions, which are often called intolerances. IgE- mediated allergies are the ones that get the most attention, as they're often immediate and sometimes life threatening. Non-IgE-mediated reactions are more delayed and difficult to pin down, causing problems well after exposure. They can be difficult to isolate in any organism as they might present as common symptoms of other aliments. We're learning more about these all the time, as our understanding of allergies deepens. Yet for pets dealing with upset stomachs, constant scratching, hair loss, hot spots, and paw biting, nobody wants to wait. 5Strands is designed to make it easy to find, and solve the issue. 5Strands includes both a food test and environmental test. Both use a painless hair collection method that's simple for pet owners. Just collect the hair needed and ship it in the included pre-paid mailer. Once it arrives, the lab uses bio-resonance methods to check for possible intolerances across 255 different pet food ingredients and 100 different environmental factors such as fabrics, cleaning supplies, and plant species. After 7 to 10 days, you'll receive an easy to understand report that grades these intolerances into 3 levels. With that information in hand, you'll be able to clear away possible triggers, shop more effectively for your pet's meals, and give them a healthier, happier environment. Get the 5Strands Pet Food & Environmental Intolerance Test (rated 4.2/5 stars on Amazon) for $134.99 (Reg. $148) as a Pre-Black Friday Deal! Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While the last few years have meant unusual experiments when we congregate outdoors, we've still been heading outdoors both together and alone to commune with nature or just hang out. The CLIQ chair is rated 4.5/5 stars on Amazon, and it makes being outside a little easier by giving you a camping chair the size of your water bottle. It's on sale for just $89.99 (reg. $99).  Folded up, the CLIQ is just 3.4" x 3.4" x 13", and weighs under 4 pounds. It's the perfect size to strap to a bag or throw in a tote. When you're ready to relax, it expands into a 24" x 24" x 26" chair with four legs able to support up to 300 pounds, giving you a foot of ground clearance. And it does all of this in just 5 seconds, so you can settle in and relax no matter where you are. Despite the compact size and light weight, the CLIQ is built from materials that can take a beating. The frame of the chair is made from anodized aluminum that won't corrode or rust, with a die-cast anodized aluminum hub to ensure smooth operation and a stable seat. Similarly, the hardware is all stainless steel, so it resists the elements and lets you focus on enjoying the outdoors. As for the softer parts, those are made with ripstop nylon for maximum comfort and ruggedness, and the legs even have non-slip rubber feet for slicker surfaces. It even has built-in lumbar support. All of this snaps open with the press of a button, making it simple to use and quick to set up. Whether you're looking for an easy way to take a seat at a concert, need a chair for long days on your feet, or just want to keep a seat handy in your trunk, the CLIQ fits in anywhere. Get the CLIQ Portable Camping Chair for $89.99 (reg. $99.99). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you grew up watching science fiction as a kid, the world around us can seem like the future you saw on TV. We have communicators in our pockets, advanced AIs work hard to make our lives easier, and computers controlled by voice are so common the UN has criticized them. The Transformer Table finally brings the future to furniture, with the kind of futuristic design we expect from the Enterprise, and before Black Friday, you can save 21%. Folded, you might mistake the Transformer Table for a modernist console. At its smallest, it's just 18 inches long and 30 high, with a storage system that nests all the panels and hardware underneath. It's when you unfold it, with up to 11 feet of table space, that the genius of it becomes clear. Just pull one set of legs away from the other and drop in the table panels. Using mag latch returns and an adjustable middle leg for support, the panels hook into each other and create a unique space to eat, work, and play that's easy to return to console size. Successfully funded on Kickstarter, the Transformer Table is designed to look good no matter where it is. Made from sturdy hardwood, the table has a Siberian Birch finish that resists both heat and water. There's no medium-density fibreboard (MDF) or melamine in the construction, so you won't have to worry about the materials giving way or off-gassing. The set also comes with two benches to sit at your table that similarly unfold, and a smaller-scale coffee table to complement your living room. Especially in small spaces or areas where you want some room, the future has finally arrived. Get the Transformer Table Dining Set with Bench & Coffee Table for $2,499.99 (reg. $3,199) and save 21% with this Pre-Black Friday deal! Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
An Arkansas woman found herself in a consumer tech nightmare scenario recently when she discovered that someone had put an Apple tracking device on her car — a grim example of how high tech gadgets are often coopted for surveillance and harassment. As Jonesboro, Arkansas' KAIT News reported, the unidentified woman was shocked when she turned on her iPhone in her car on the way to work and got a notification informing her that there was an AirTag, Apple's new consumer tracking device, somewhere nearby. "It popped up I have an AirTag following and I’m like, no,” she told the station. The woman told KAIT that she began looking around for the device and "jumped" when she saw it taped to the trunk of her car. She immediately bagged it and took it to her local police department, but as of yet, no updates on her case have been released to the public. In her interview with local news, the woman said she doesn't know when the device was put on her vehicle, but thinks it may have happened when she was shopping for a Christmas tree. She also told KAIT that she "won't be shopping alone anytime soon." Since its April release, reports have been cropping up about the ease with which bad actors could use the inexpensive device to track people. In a viral TikTok video posted in mid-September, a woman reacts to finding the small Apple device behind her license plate holder and shows how it tracked her movements via an app on her phone. "I'm literally fucking shaking," the woman in the video is heard saying. Based on the #humantrafficking hashtag in the September TikTok video, it seems as if this very real danger may, in part, be used to further a widespread sex trafficking hoax on the social network, the crux of which lies in the enduring stranger danger myth that led to the "Satanic Panic" in the 1980s. In the viral claims, TikTok users tell a story that's been replicated in many forms for years: that they (or more often, someone they know) were approached in big box stores like Target or Wal-Mart by usually-female strangers asking them if they want to make some extra cash. In this particular set of stories, the subjects are often given a business card with a man's name on it, but when they Google the name, they find almost no information. From there, the users do some more "research" and upon discovering similar stories from other women and girls online, they conclude that they'd had a brush with human traffickers. Like most hoaxes surrounding public anxieties, the debunked Target human trafficking story has the same mix of real-life threats and word-of-mouth memetic power as urban legends popularized by films like "Candyman." Conspiracy theories draw their strength from the kernels of truth at their cores, and really, who's to say that sex traffickers never picked up a victim in a Target? In the mind of a woman who just learned that she was being tracked, it's not hard to imagine the stretch that takes you from that knowledge to trafficking scares. While most of us non-predators can only imagine the reasons for secretly placing tracking devices on someone's car, the very existence of these $29 AirTags and the countless others like them are undoubtedly going to make people feel unsafe — and are a fertile breeding ground for conspiracy theories and anti-sex work bias alike. Share This Article 
This week, we’re pleased to bring you a different version of Futurism, containing stories from the horizon of hedonism. Welcome to The Science of Pleasure. In collaboration with our friends over at MEL Magazine, this week, we’ll be bringing you stories from both publications about the pleasures of tomorrow, today. Earlier this year, UK-based dominatrix and model Adreena Angela became a beta tester for an intriguing new sex toy. The gadget is called a SEN, made by a company called Zveotec. Physically it’s much like a regular strap-on dildo, except that it contains sensors, clitoris and g-spot vibrators, and a small computer that hooks the two together. Algorithms translate input from the SEN’s sensors into proportionate, and hopefully pleasurable, vibrations. In other words, the idea is that you could strap it on, engage in sexual activity with somebody, and actually feel what the SEN's bionic dick does — a tantalizing attempt at emulating the experience of having a penis for someone who wishes to explore their sexual or gender expression. “I use strap-ons a lot and whilst I psychologically find it stimulating, even with most insertable strap-ons, I don't feel much myself,” Angela told Futurism. “Being able to feel response to the toy means that you feel more engaged with your play partner, making the experience more intimate and connected, rather than there being a passive and an active partner.” A sex toy that attempts to mimic a biological penis, even if this first attempt isn’t perfect, has the potential to chart fascinating new frontiers in the future of pleasure. “I’m used to strap-ons being something that’s more for [my partners], and something you almost do ‘to’ them rather than ‘with’ them,” Angela said of the device, which is scheduled to hit the market later this year and is now available for preorder starting at $169. “Most people’s pleasure comes predominantly from seeing their partner's response, so I know my clients love that I’m more actively involved and am part of the experience too.” Others remarked on the same intriguing dynamic — the possibility that a high tech sex toy could bring people closer to together. “In these systems like arousal it’s all about positive feedback,” sex educator Calandra Balfour told Futurism. “When we’re having sex or being intimate with somebody else, there’s this constant unconscious feedback that we're getting from the things we're doing with them or to them. So slight moans, squirming in the body, etc are all nonverbal communications that let us know that the person is enjoying it. And so this toy fits quite nicely in that process.” It’s worth noting that the cofounder of Zveotec was almost comically secretive about the project, declining to tell us specifically what sensors it contained or even his last name, citing connections in the medical technology industry, and asking to go just by James. However, James did show us a prototype of the device in action, even providing a brief glimpse inside the SEN, where an array of wires and microchips peeked out from underneath its sleek exterior. As he rubbed the gadget in a videocall, its vibrators reacted with increasing degrees of stimuli, seemingly matching the intensity as a lover might.  “This is the phenomenon where the brain incorporates a prosthesis as part of the body so long as there is intuitive feedback,” he told us. “It's hard to describe, but it's the sense of feeling like you've been touched as opposed to feeling when something is touched.”  The SEN also raises the interesting possibility, for those who are trans or gender nonconforming, of being able to experience sex in new, and perhaps gender affirming, ways. It might even be a rudimentary step in the direction toward a genderfluid future in which, if you were so inclined, you could choose which genitals you wanted on any given day or situation. At the same time, of course, gender identity is as unique as each person’s relationship with their body. Something that’s gender affirming for one person could cause dysphoria for another, and the SEN is no exception. “If we're looking at the trans and gender affirming aspects of this choice, or having a strap-on, you would think it would be incredibly gender affirming for a trans guy or a trans masculine non binary person,” trans sex blogger Quinn Rhodes told Futurism. “But I think there's definitely a subset of trans guys who would feel dysphoric by putting something in their vagina, even if it's to get the sensation that they have a dick.” “You can tell it's not a trans person developing this toy, because I think that would have come up,” Rhodes added.  Although James did confirm that no trans people were consulted or involved in the SEN’s design, he did stress that it was “designed with both male and female anatomy in mind.”  “The goal is biomimicry, to mimic the experience of an orgasm through male sexuality,” he said. “In that sense, and by pursuing that goal, SEN is perfectly designed for a trans male, as much as it is for a cis woman in bridging the gap between male and female sexual experience.” However, while a lot of thought has gone into the adaptability of this toy, the language its creators use still deal in binary absolutes, which again seems to reflect that lack of queer input in its creation.  Of course, the gadget’s potential market is much larger than just people who are trans, although James said the device had made a “bit of a buzz” in some online trans forums.  And, to be fair, some trans people are indeed excited about the device. Isabell, for instance, told us that she’d already preordered the SEN for use by her partner, a non-binary individual who leans towards transmasculine. “Basically this is a way for them to fuck me in a way that is a much better approximation of penis in person sex than what silicon can offer,” said Isabell, who is herself a trans woman. “We've toyed around with strapless strapons before and have had, mixed, results. I orgasm really easily, they do not. So just relying on pitifully weak vibrations on their clit while the more intense vibrations are going off inside of me is, pardon the pun, sub-optimal.” “Being able to more accurately simulate sex as a penis owner for someone who doesn't have their own home grown penis is kind of a big deal,” she continued. “The transmasc men that I've been with have had a constant annoyance of never feeling like they have a cis penis. This [the SEN] is a step in that direction. As well as it being able to genuinely answer the question of ‘if I had a dick and fucked someone, would it be a good time?’” Obviously, the SEN hasn’t shipped yet. Hardware development is notoriously challenging, and it’s perfectly possible that it’ll be underwhelming, just one more failed adult product in a crowded market. And its creators’ secrecy about their identities and the device’s technical details feels strange, almost as though they’re equating sex with shame, or promising too much. But at the same time, the concept behind it is unquestionably intriguing. It raises canny questions about the future of gender and pleasure — not to mention the potential, in an era of ubiquitous connectivity, for technology to serve as an intermediary between people that enriches the relationship rather than driving it apart. And, just maybe, it’ll be the next big thing: either a commercial success, an indie hit, or an influential concept that paves the way for more mind-bending experiments in the future of humans, machines, and everything in between. More on sex: Unsettling Sex Robot Looks Almost Exactly Like a Real Person Share This Article 
In a twist absolutely no one could have seen coming, NASA says the International Space Station (ISS) is still at a heightened risk of colliding with space debris after Russia blew up a satellite with a missile earlier in the week. NASA said in a statement to the Associated Press that although "the highest threat to the station and its seven residents was in the first 24 hours" after Russia's surprise weapons test on Monday, there's still enough risk to reconsider an upcoming spacewalk. As the AP's report noted, there are more than 1,500 satellite fragments from the blast being tracked by NASA, but it's possible that there are possibly still "hundreds of thousands" of pieces that are too small to see from Earth. Russia's antisatellite test led to panic and confusion Monday as the world learned of the threat to the ISS and its seven inhabitants before learning of the military activity that caused it. For most of the day, all we knew on Earth was that ISS astronauts were forced to shelter in place inside their docked spaceships as they maneuvered out of the way of a cloud of mysterious space junk. In spite of endangering its own cosmonauts, Russia defended the antisatellite test, calling it a "successful" launch and falsely claiming that space junk doesn't "pose any threat to space activities." While the ISS may be out of the proverbial woods for now, the problem of space debris clouds won't go away on its own. Just a few days prior to Russia's weapon's test, the ISS had to rush to avoid yet another cloud of satellite fragments, this time from a Chinese antisatellite test that took place more than 10 years ago. Even worse would be Kessler syndrome, which predicts that collisions in Earth's orbit — like missiles and the satellites they blow up — could create a cascade of space junk that smashes into more orbital debris, creating even more space junk, ad infinitum. The phenomenon could, theoretically, turn Earth's entire orbit into a whirling death machine that prevents further space travel indefinitely. As more satellites enter orbit and the US, China, and Russia continue to play chicken with antisatellite weaponry tests, the possibility of a huge cloud of unnavigable space trash orbiting Earth seems nigh — and that's terrible news for the ISS and any other civilian space exploration projects. Read more: "What to Know About Kessler Syndrome, the Ultimate Space Disaster" [Gizmodo] More on Russia's space junk debacle: "Hear the Moment ISS Crew Scrambles for Safety from Russian Satellite Debris" Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk is extremely keen on getting humanity off this planet. And that's more important than ever given the fact that humanity is staring down the barrel of climate change, comet strikes, and dropping birth rates — not to mention, in his words, "good ol' nuclear Armageddon." During an appearance at the National Academies’ joint meeting of the Space Studies Board and Board on Physics and Astronomy, Musk elaborated on his ambitious plans to get a permanent base on Mars established. Musk's concerns are about mitigating the "civilizational risks we that we can potentially mitigate" — and making humanity multiplanetary is chief among the ways we can do that, according to the CEO. "If you wait long enough, you know, Earth will become uninhabitable," Musk mused. "So in the long run we are obviously all dead," he added with a chuckle. The first few trips to Mars may be a bumpy ride, Musk admitted, referring to how the first Atlantic crossings "were terrible." At last year's Humans to Mars summit, Musk also said that building a base on Mars will be "very hard and dangerous." "Not for the faint of heart," he added at the time. "Good chance you’ll die. And it’s going to be tough, tough going, but it’ll be pretty glorious if it works out." While rocketing off to Mars, the view in our rearview mirrors may not be pretty. In fact, it sounds like Musk is already anticipating the worst for our current planet. "There's always a risk of a comet taking out a continent," Musk said during this week's joint meeting, arguing that there were "plenty of sort of continent-level extinction events that have occurred in the fossil record" that don't get talked about much. But "bigger rockets" may allow us to fend off incoming comets or space rockets and "one day save billions of people," he said. It's convenient, of course, that Musk says that the biggest dangers to humanity are ones that his precise business interests can defend against. Still, the threats to our existence on planet Earth are real. Musk also highlighted carbon emissions in the atmosphere and the melting of the tundra, adding that he is "probably less alarmist than most" when it comes to the environment. Musk also reiterated his worry about the decline of global birth rates, an "underappreciated risk," with many population rates dropping "with no end in sight." Apart from comets, climate change and dropping birth rates potentially driving our species to extinction, "there's always good ol' nuclear Armageddon," Musk added. "That's not out of the question." "I don't know what quite that risk is but it's not zero," he said. More on the event: Elon Musk Says First Orbital Starship Launch May Explode Share This Article 
This week, we’re pleased to bring you a different version of Futurism, containing stories from the horizon of hedonism. Welcome to The Science of Pleasure. In collaboration with our friends over at MEL Magazine, this week, we’ll be bringing you stories from both publications about the pleasures of tomorrow, today.  Bonobos are a species of primate believed to be humankind’s second-closest living ancestor. That’s intriguing, because zoologists have long observed that these distant cousins of ours are driven by a syrupy mixture of empathy and hedonism, lounging in simian cuddle puddles, caressing one another, kissing with tongue, and engaging in an awe-inspiring variety of bisexual encounters, sometimes with multiple partners, and often while “screaming in pleasure.” Sounds pretty fun, doesn’t it? Sure, party drugs like MDMA can temporarily flood your brain with oceans of empathy and euphoria, but they can be terrible for you if you take them too much, and the hangovers can be brutal. In other words, there’s no drug that’s gonna give you bonobo-brain safely and long term. Relentless progress in the science of genetic engineering raises an interesting alternative, though: what if scientists gene-hacked humans, who already share around 98 percent of their genetic material with bonobos, so that we'd be more affectionate, amorous and generally happy? What if you could take a CRISPR-like brain injection that permanently altered your cognition so that you could experience bonobo-like bliss? If such a thing is theoretically possible, geneticists told us, it’s far beyond today’s biotech capabilities. But eventually, if research continues to barrel ahead, those types of profound alterations to the human mind may well become a reality — and if so, they’re likely to raise profound questions about what it means to be human. “I like to think that everything is in the realm of scientific possibility,” said Esmerelda Casas-Silva, a biomedical researcher at the National Institutes of Health who cautioned that her musings on our strange question did not reflect the views of her employer. “It's really just a matter of us figuring out how to do it.” Overall, she said, she believes that the idea would be “tricky” yet “certainly possible.” If so, what a life it would be. A greater genetic propensity for peace and promiscuity, like that of the bonobos, doesn’t sound so bad.  Famed scientist Carl Sagan and his spouse, “Cosmos” cocreator Ann Duyan, wrote extensively about bonobos in the 1993 book “Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search for Who We Are.”  “Bonobos use sexual stimulation in everyday life for many purposes besides mere satisfaction of the erotic impulse,” they wrote, including in exchange for food, as a way to resolve conflicts among same sex adults, “and as a generic, all-purpose approach to social bonding and community organization.”  Were we humans to become more like bonobos, militarism and excess aggression could become obsolete, as less authoritarian social structures characteristic of bonobo societies came to predominate. Socioeconomically, a bonobo way of life could embody the ethic of solidarity and cooperative decision-making over competition, domination or exploitation.  “The kind of pleasures that bonobos enjoy are not decadent,” said Susan Block, a sex therapist and the author of the 2014 book “The Bonobo Way: The Evolution of Peace Through Pleasure.” “They don't spend any money. Maybe a few bananas, but they share those bananas.” Whether gene hacking ourselves to be as guileless and empathic as bonobos would be ethical, of course, is a different question entirely.  For one thing, the whole hypothetical smacks of eugenics. For another, even though the goal of gene therapy to make humans more like bonobos might nominally be to encourage a more equitable society, the ironic reality is that our actual world is rife with inequality, hierarchies, and unfair institutional arrangements.  In other words, it’d probably be the wealthy and powerful who would seize the treatment for themselves — or, chillingly, foist it on others in order to create a more obedient workforce, sort of similar to how in the 2018 satire film “Sorry to Bother You,” a parody of contemporary entrepreneurs named Steve Lift tries to use gene-modifying powder to create “Equisapien” human-horse hybrids capable of laboring harder and longer than people already do today.  “We really shouldn't be in a hurry to make designer babies right now,” Casas-Silva said. “We have very incomplete information, and even if we do know exactly what's going to happen, who's to say what we should decide and what characteristics are... best or not?” That point is larger than just the bonobo thought experiment, of course, and it’s also something the world is likely going to need to confront soon. A Chinese scientist named He Jiankui sparked a global controversy in 2018 when he announced that he had altered the genetic makeup of twin girls, using CRISPR to attempt to make them immune to HIV while they were still embryos — and it later emerged that he had been involved in discussions to open a “designer baby” clinic as well. If those types of clinics become a reality, it’ll likely only be affluent parents who can afford them, deepening existing social and economic divides. “Are we going to create even more disparities in health and different populations that are suffering because they don't have access to the same technologies as, you know, other people who might have enough funds to make superhuman babies?” Casas-Silva asked. “And we could make very dangerous, in my opinion, very dangerous future humans.”  And, on a practical level, our anxious human brains keep the power plants running and the industrial agriculture machinery feeding everybody. If we spent all day lounging around and engaging in bacchanalia, that could easily fall apart, for better or worse.  In fact, Block points out that bonobos are a good case study in why giving yourself over to pleasure entirely might not be a great survival strategy.  Block told Futurism about an incident involving bonobos and common chimpanzees — our closest living ancestors, for those keeping score — in a German zoo during the bombing of Dresden. The zoo wasn’t bombed, but the apes could hear the detonations and possibly felt some of the impact.  “All the bonobos died of heart attacks, and all the common chimps didn't care,” the sexologist said, adding that the zoo kept the former separated in captivity, meaning they weren’t together to calm each other down.  “When you're empathetic, that's a double edged sword, isn't it?” she said. Empathy can “feel so good,” but it “also means that when you hear bombs dropping, even if they're not dropping on you, you freak out. It's like it's happening to you. Or if you see someone being hurt, you freak out.” If we do go wild with CRISPR, or whatever advanced tool it takes, to turn human beings into overly peaceable and amorous creatures, Casas-Silva cautions that we could end up falling in love incessantly, with everyone or everything. It might even preclude the intense and exclusionary monogamous love that’s often the social norm. “I mean, that could be pretty devastating,” Casas-Silva said. “There's a reason that our bodies and our minds decrease our feelings and our memories. That's a safety measure for anyone who's fallen in love and had it not work out. You know, it's a blessing that we can diminish those feelings of hurt and anxiety and everything that comes with a breakup over time.” But, even if we refrain from hacking away at our genes in the hopes of bonoboizing ourselves, Block maintains we still have a lot to learn from our sex positive comrades, including lessons in revaluing our natural bodies and pursuing mutual pleasure without guilt.   “The idea that our natural self is Satan is killing us,” she said. “[The belief] that we are somehow superior, that we are angels, that we are not part of nature, that we are not part of this earth, that we can fly away, like angels — maybe a couple people can, you know? Captain Kirk went up there, right? Ninety years old, okay. But most of us are here, and I'm looking to improve the lives of those of us that are here on this beautiful, wild sexual planet Earth.” More on CRISPR: WHO Says Gene-Hacking Superhumans Should Be Illegal Share This Article 
The US Court of Federal Claims has released a 47 page document detailing its decision to drop Blue Origin's legal challenge against NASA — and it's a scathing rebuttal, full of damning details. In the documents, shared by New York Times space reporter Joey Roulette on Twitter today, the court expanded on its decision. "The Court finds that Blue Origin does not have standing because it did not have a substantial chance of award but for the alleged evaluation errors," it reads. The court also found that Blue Origin's proposal "was priced well above NASA's available funding and was itself noncompliant." Here's the background, by the way. NASA picked SpaceX over Blue Origin for its Human Landing Systems contract in April. Blue Origin CEO Jeff Bezos didn't like that decision, and felt like his company was being unfairly excluded from the competition. Bezos then sued NASA, arguing the agency didn't give his company a fair chance. Earlier this month, a Federal Claims court judge rejected Blue Origin's argument that NASA was being unfair, giving SpaceX the green light to continue its development of a Starship variant capable of returning astronauts to the Moon. Now, we get to hear the full story as to why the court made its decision. In the newly released document, the court argued that "NASA provided a thorough, reasoned evaluation of the proposals," and that the agency never acted against the law. At the time, Blue Origin argued that NASA was giving SpaceX an unfair chance by waiving safety requirements for the Elon Musk-led company's activities. The company also argued that SpaceX's plan required far too many Starship launches to get astronauts to the Moon, including half a dozen fuel runs into orbit. In a controversial graphic it published back in August, Blue Origin took a swipe at SpaceX, arguing it only needed three — not over ten launches like SpaceX — to return astronauts to the Moon. The graphic also called out their competitor's plan as "immensely complex and high risk" thanks to the many launches. But the newly released filings suggest that Blue Origin was secretly proposing to get astronauts to the Moon using a much larger number of launches as well, meaning that its comms strategy was deeply hypocritical. In other words, Blue Origin was ready to show up to the table with a backup plan that sounded a lot more like SpaceX's, including "multiple launches" to fill "a propellant depot" in low-Earth orbit, according to the new fillings. The judge saw through the ruse and called out Blue Origin's backup proposal for being "purely speculative, including hypothetical pricing and hypothetical technical ratings." It's a damning piece of evidence that sheds even more negative light on Blue Origin's lawsuit against NASA. Hopefully, NASA and SpaceX will be able to move on and leave the court case behind them — Blue Origin's lawsuit has already delayed the space agency's efforts to establish a launch system capable of returning the first humans to the lunar surface since the Apollo era. More on the lawsuit: Federal Judge Shoots Down Blue Origin's Lawsuit Against NASA Share This Article 
SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk made an eyebrow raising concession on Wednesday, implying that the first orbital Starship may very well explode on the launchpad.  The prolific memethief spoke at the National Academies’ joint meeting of the Space Studies Board and Board on Physics and Astronomy, in an appearance with the very creative title "SpaceX Starship Discussion." During the talk, he outlined the company’s goals for Starship's first launch into orbit next year — though the eccentric CEO was also quick to acknowledge that the first flight might not get that far.  "There’s a lot of risk associated with this first launch," Musk said, "so I would not say that it is likely to be successful but we’ll make a lot of progress." Of course, he didn’t necessarily say outright that Starship would explode into a zillion pieces — but considering the vehicle’s history of doing just that, any failure will most likely come in the form of a colossal fireball.  The talk was filled with other worthwhile tidbits — including the fact that SpaceX was aiming for an early 2022 launch date. "The first orbital flight that we’re hoping to do is in January," Musk said at the meeting. However, he did later hedge a bit on the timeline, predicting a launch in either "January or early February." That timeline depends on a number of factors that are currently outside of SpaceX’s control including an environmental assessment from the Federal Aviation Administration. The administration said it would finish the review by the end of December, so the company — in theory — could launch in January at the earliest. Knowing the company’s history with these bold timelines, though, we wouldn’t hold our breaths that Starship will launch by then.  Musk also outlined a strikingly bold vision for SpaceX during the talk, reiterating the company’s goal of making humanity a multi-planetary species. He added that it would need to scale production of its rockets by a whole lot to do it.  "In order for life to become multi-planetary, we’ll need maybe a thousand ships or something like that," he said.  Let’s start with one successful orbital launch that doesn’t blow up on the launchpad first, though, shall we? More on Starship: SpaceX’s Orbital Starship Prototype Just Fired Up All Its Engines Share This Article 
There’s no sex in space. At least according to NASA. When the first married couple, both NASA astronauts, flew into orbit together in 1992, the media became obsessed with whether they’d be the first couple to have sex in space. The event launched a minor scandal for the space agency, along with plenty of fodder for newspapers and magazines. Throughout the years, the agency has denied multiple times that any sex has ever occurred in space.  What practically everyone involved failed to appreciate, though, was the fact that even before the couple launched on their mission, 277 astronauts had already flown into space — and they could have been having sex with each other up there that entire time. After all, why not? If a man and a woman could have sex in space, why not two men or two women, or any other combination of horny astronauts? There’s been no shortage of articles, podcasts, TV shows, and movies depicting space sex — think James Bond in “Moonraker,” or 2016’s “Passengers” — and that makes sense. It’s a fascinating and steamy topic, and a key expression of the universal experience of pleasure. Plus, with the rise of the 21st century space race and conversations about colonizing Mars and the Moon being taken more seriously, the topic of extraterrestrial reproduction, in particular, is more geopolitically relevant than ever.  Despite all that, gay space sex remains a huge blindspot. If we treat the idea of straight space sex as an inevitability, we need to treat queer space sex the same way. In fact, it’s ridiculous that we haven’t done so already. Men have been going up into space together since 1964 when the Soviet Union launched the first multi-crewed spacecraft. There’s no reason those dudes couldn’t have been boning in orbit.  The mechanics would likely be trivial. In fact, Dr. Alex Layendecker, a US Air Force pilot and researcher into human sexuality and reproduction in off-Earth environments, suggests that gay space sex might be easier to accomplish than hetereosexual intercourse.  “It would actually probably be easier for a homosexual couple because they’d likely have similar mass sizes,” Layendecker explained to Futurism. “If you have two males, for example, that are roughly the same size and weight, they’re going to have roughly the same centers of gravity — so it might actually be more stable and easier for them to interact.”  Layendecker adds that technique would play a role here too. Whereas missionary position would be a more difficult position to achieve while having sex in space because it’s harder to get a grip on your partner, spooning or doggy-style would be much easier, because it’s easier for one to hold onto the other. Space sex might also be perfect for those inclined to BDSM, which is equally accessible to same-gender lovers. Since there’s no leverage in a microgravity environment, one or both partners would likely need to be strapped in or secured in some way; otherwise they’d run the risk of awkwardly floating away mid-thrust. Luckily, NASA already has a solution to that. “If [astronauts] need to secure somebody on the floor and stabilize them against the spacecraft, they use duct tape,” Layendecker explained. “You can also use holsters or whatever too to somehow anchor at least one partner, and then the other one can… you know.” So are you into BDSM? You might be a perfect candidate to have some incredible gay space sex.  Unfortunately, there’s still precious little being done to research and develop systems for sex in space regardless of whether it’s gay or straight. Much of this has to do with the fact that space agencies like NASA are “very politically bound,” according to Layendecker. Since much of NASA’s funding comes from tax dollars, he says, many lawmakers who approve the agency’s budget are hesitant about putting resources towards space sex research, which he characterized as “conservative elements tied to their funding.” There’s also the agency’s fraught relationship with the LGBT community at large. Throughout NASA’s history, it’s had a stifling and sometimes hostile approach to queer employees.  In 1963, just a few years after NASA was founded, the US Air Force School of Aerospace Medicine released the “Aeromedical Evaluation for Space Pilots,” which provided the physical and psychiatric benchmarks a recruit would need to meet to become an astronaut. Among its many requirements was an actual heterosexuality scale which used deeply questionable techniques including Rorschach inkblot tests — yes, really — to putatively measure prospective astronauts’ sexual orientation. Even though the agency attempted to weed out gay astronauts, there were some that got through — the most famous being Sally Ride, the first American woman in space. Despite her prominence and reputation in the space community, though, she didn’t choose to come out as a lesbian until her death in 2012 via her obituary.  “Sally didn’t feel comfortable ever coming out as who she was because she knew the conservative nature of that institution that she was a part of,” Michelle Evans, a space historian and author of “The X-15 Rocket Plane: Flying the First Wings into Space,” told Futurism. “Both NASA and the federal government as a whole was very, very conservative.” Along with being a space historian, Evans is also a transgender and an LGBT advocate in the aerospace community. Her read is that NASA’s culture has remained just as stifling as ever. In fact, just two other astronauts — Wendy Lawrence and Anne McClain — have come out of the closet since Ride. It’s also notable that they were all lesbians. No male astronaut has ever come out of the closet. And there has yet to be a publicly nonbinary or trans astronaut. Yet the reality is that more astronauts have almost certainly hidden their queer identities, and will continue to do so. That’s not speculation, either, but a statistical near-certainty. There’s the often cited — though disputed — statistic that 10 percent of Americans are gay. That means of the 574 people who have gone into space, about 57 were probably gay. Even if you use the more recent Gallup poll conducted in 2020 found that 5.6 percent of Americans identify as LGBT, that means about 32 of them wouldn’t have been straight.   Are we to believe, then, that just three astronauts in the history of international space travel have been queer? It’s almost statistically impossible.  Unfortunately, there’s still precious little being done to research and develop systems for sex in space regardless of orientation — but there is a light at the end of the tunnel. With the burgeoning billionaire space race, experts like Layendecker and Evans are hopeful that private entities like SpaceX or Blue Origin will prove to be less prudish than its public counterparts at NASA, and more willing to invest in space sex research. When that happens, we’ll hopefully see space sex innovations that are inclusive and accessible to all astronauts. After all, it’s more than a tricky logistical problem we’ll have to contend with if we want to colonize the galaxy. Pleasure is a fundamental part of what it means to be human. That means anyone who wants to should be able to get off, even after they get off the planet. “This is humanity, it's not just about populating beyond the Earth,” Evans said. “You need to have outlets for aspects of your humanity — and one of those things is sex.” More on sex: Scientists Discover Creature That Never Has Sex Share This Article 
Facebook is really committed to getting between you and reality, and the gloves are starting to come off — or, rather, on. With its newly announced plans to build out a metaverse, the social network has now announced that it's building a haptic glove, a wearable meant to enable you to "touch" objects in the metaverse. Oh yeah, and it's changing its name to "Meta." "The value of hands to solving the interaction problem in AR and VR is immense," said Facebook Reality Labs research director Sean Keller in a blog post. "People could touch, feel and manipulate virtual objects just like real objects — all without having to learn a new way of interacting with the world." In short, Meta is trying to turn the novel "Ready Player One" into a reality. Or perhaps, it's trying to rip off Nintendo's ahead-of-its-time Power Glove. The company's glove is meant to be light, soft, and also perfectly capture its wearer's hand movements. It's being designed to reproduce "a range of complex, nuanced sensations for the wearer such as pressure, texture, and vibration to create the effect of feeling a virtual object with your hands," according to the company. In other words, Meta is setting the bar extremely high. "We’re creating almost everything about this discipline from scratch," Keller said. "We’re learning how people perceive the sensations of touch and how they complete tasks. We’re figuring out how to fit the whole variety of human hand shapes and sizes, while maintaining mechanical coupling to the user." As of right now, the glove is using hundreds of tiny actuators to trick the wearer into thinking they're touching something in the virtual world. But they're far from ideal, creating too much heat. They're also too bulky, expensive, and power hungry, according to the company. "If you need thousands of tangible forces in different locations at different distances, you either need pneumatics, hydraulics, or high-density electroactive actuators," Reality Labs hardware engineering director Tristan Trutna said in the post. The team is now looking into using electrical fields and pneumatic actuators to trick your hands into feeling something. But that leaves one big question still looming: do we need Meta's gloves to make its metaverse feel any more real? The company is betting big on virtual reality, arguing that three-dimensional, cartoonized avatars of our physical bodies will eventually replace human interaction we crave so much — especially after nearly two years of COVID lockdowns. It's a bet so big that it's starting to annoy the company's own VPs. Meta has also repeatedly made one thing clear: it cannot be trusted. Despite being used by billions of people around the world, the network has helped drive people apart, profited directly from pushing provocative content, and continuously leaked sensitive personal data. And the company isn't inviting you to play a game for an hour, then take the VR goggles off. Meta's ambitions appear to be much larger in scope than that — and its haptic glove is only the latest example. Allowing the company to take control over our physicality and sense of touch should come as a warning sign. And we should probably think twice before committing ourselves to its metaverse. READ MORE:  Inside Reality Labs Research: Meet the team that’s working to bring touch to the digital world [Facebook] More on Facebook: Facebook’s Top VR Expert Seems Pretty Annoyed by Metaverse Push Share This Article 
The international space community was in shock when Russia tested an anti-satellite missile, blowing up a decommissioned Russian satellite into over 1,5000 trackable pieces of space junk. The reckless move immediately forced astronauts on board the International Space Station to hunker down — having bits of satellites whipping around the Earth at over 17,000 mph is terrifying when you're stranded aboard a rickety space station. The outcry was immediate. The US called the action "irresponsible behavior" that "will not be tolerated." NASA was aghast. Even Axiom Space, a space company in talks with NASA to build a new space station, published a statement condemning the test. But noticeably absent from the conversation has been SpaceX CEO Elon Musk — a man who has a lot to gain, and even more to lose, in low-Earth orbit. It's especially odd given the fact that Musk is one of the most vocal CEOs in existence. There's hardly a conversation on Twitter he isn't involved in, from memelording to insulting politicians to beefing with the SEC to crowdsourcing whether he should sell Tesla stock. But Musk has yet to make any public comment about the scandal, and didn't reply to a request for comment from Futurism. The bits of Russian satellite junk could very easily pose a threat to SpaceX's presence in orbit. In fact, there's a Crew Dragon spacecraft currently docked to the ISS. Then there is SpaceX's Starlink satellite constellation. The newly created cloud debris is circling the Earth between 275 and 323 miles. Most of the space company's broadband satellites are orbiting the planet at 341 miles, not too far off. Low-Earth orbit is starting to get crowded, with multiple space companies launching their own satellite constellations. Even before Russia launched its missile, our planet's orbit was already cluttered with leftover bits of insulation, rocket stages, and dead satellites. Making matters worse, Russia isn't even the only country to have blown up satellites in space. In 2019, India conducted a similar maneuver — a test that was similarly met with plenty of criticism. And while many of these bits of satellites will eventually fall back down towards the Earth to burn up in the atmosphere, many more will remain, posing a very real threat to humanity's presence in orbit. You would think that this week's news would have been met with outrage by Elon Musk — especially given his shaky relationship with Russia's space agency. But days after the test, Musk has yet to say a word. Instead, he's kept himself busy on Twitter this week with using senator Bernie Sanders as a punching bag and complaining about taxes. It all raises an interesting question: why? We'll be staying tuned. More on the situation: Hear the Moment ISS Crew Scrambles for Safety from Russian Satellite Debris Share This Article 
Talk about a wakeup call. Just a day after it was revealed that the International Space Station (ISS) astronauts had to shelter for their lives in escape vehicles after Russia blew up one of its own satellites, a recording of that dramatic event — spotted by The Daily Mail — was released.  In it, you can hear mission control wake up ISS flight engineer Mark Vande Hei and tell him that the crew needed to shelter from a "satellite break up." Later on in the video, mission control informed Raja Chari, commander of the Crew-3 mission, of evacuation procedures in case — you know — deadly satellite debris were to rip the ISS to shreds.  "If that’s more than half an hour, then I think we’ll stay suited and potentially come back home if Dragon takes a hit," Chari said in the video, referring to the Crew Dragon re-entry craft.  So yes, the astronauts were fully prepared to yeet themselves out via escape pod back to Earth.  Listen for yourself below: Here's a recording of the moment mission control woke the ISS crew up to tell them they needed to scramble to escape vehicles following Russia's anti-satellite missile test. Intense! H/T: Daily Mail pic.twitter.com/w2Uz9rJiUF — T🦃ny H🦃 Tran (@TonyHoWasHere) November 17, 2021  The entire debacle has drawn condemnation from NASA as well as the US military.  "It is unthinkable that Russia would endanger not only the American and international partner astronauts on the ISS, but also their own cosmonauts," NASA chief Bill Nelson said at a press conference.  US Space Command echoed the sentiment, describing it as a "reckless and dangerous" act. Meanwhile, Russia’s Ministry of Defense and its space agency Roscosmos have unsurprisingly defended its actions. Sergei Shoigu, minster-general of the country’s army, said in a statement that "fragments do not pose any threat to space activities," as translated by Google. The ISS recording sheds some dramatic — and almost cinematic light — on the most recent act by Russia that threw the ISS crew into mortal terror. This year, the country’s spacecrafts have spun the orbital lab out of control not once but twice.  Now, with the reckless anti-satellite missile test nearly causing the ISS crew to abandon ship, the moment is going to have deep ramifications for the already tense relationship between geopolitical foes.  More on SatelliteGate: Russia Says Actually It’s Fine That It Blew Up a Satellite, Filled Orbit with Deadly Space Junk Share This Article 
After the upheaval of the last two years, wouldn’t it be great to start 2022 with an exciting new career? Even if you have no tech experience at all, you can train at your own pace to gain the skills required to start and move up in a well-paid cybersecurity career with The A to Z Cyber Security & IT Certification Training Bundle. Complete novices can start with the ethical hacking courses. You’ll discover how to earn great paychecks for hacking networks, apps, emails ad more in “Ethical Hacking From Scratch to Advanced Techniques”. Then learn how to beat the 270 most common attacks hackers use in “The Complete Ethical Hacking Certification Course”. You’ll learn valuable business practices, as well as tech skills, in “Penetration Testing & Ethical Hacking Project from A to Z”. The course offers advice on report and proposal writing, service fees and a lot more. And, remember, AI can help your writing these days. "The Art of Exploitation Course" explores this complex, sophisticated ethical hacking method. And if your skills have already reached the intermediate level, “SQL Injection” demonstrates how to defeat all of the attacks that ethical hackers are expected to deal with effectively. Though certificates of completion are included in all courses, some skills can be officially certified by passing exams. “CompTIA Security+ Certification” is a great start for information security. “GSEC Certification: Security Essentials” and “CISSP Exam Preparation Training Course” will earn you certifications that will take you even further. Then the “Certified Cloud Security Professional: CCSP”, “CISM: Certified Information Security Manager”, CompTIA CSA+ & Certified Cyber Security Analyst” and CISA: Certified Information Systems Auditor” courses will keep you advancing in your career. Students love these courses. Verified purchaser Paul S. gave it a perfect 5-stars, noting, "Can not beat this for the price. You can get to make all of your own tools and labs. Just as described. You don't even have to have any previous knowledge." Plus, each course is led by Mohamed Atef, a Senior Penetration tester, author and ICT Consultant. He’s been certified to teach both academic and professional students for over 20 years. Don’t miss this opportunity to become a cybersecurity expert and grab The A to Z Cyber Security & IT Certification Training Bundle while it's $19.97 during our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale — no coupon required! Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Russia blew up an out-of-commission satellite this week, sending over 1,500 pieces of shrapnel hurtling. It was an unexpected test that could have some serious consequences, endangering not only the lives of NASA astronauts but Russian cosmonauts aboard the International Space Station as well. "It is unthinkable that Russia would endanger not only the American and international partner astronauts on the ISS," NASA administrator Bill Nelson said in a statement today, "but also their own cosmonauts." Now, Russia's Ministry of Defense is defending its reckless actions. Sergei Shoigu, minister-general of Russia's army, claimed in a statement that the resulting "fragments do not pose any threat to space activities," as translated by Google. Shoigu also called the test "successful," in a dubious choice of words. Russia's space agency Roscosmos also issued a statement on Twitter, claiming that the cloud of debris was nowhere near the orbit of the ISS. "Dozens of joint flights to the Mir orbital station and the International Space Station have created the conditions for reliable cooperation and international collaboration even in the most complex situations," Roscosmos said in a separate statement. "Ensuring crew safety has always been and remains our top priority." The statement sounds especially hollow given the circumstances. Forcing astronauts to hunker down after testing a weapon capable of kickstarting a space war is arguably the opposite of "ensuring crew safety." Roscosmos head Dmitry Rogozin reportedly sat down with Nelson today to talk the situation over on the phone. "In short, in Russian, we are moving on, ensuring the safety of our crews on the ISS, and building joint plans," he wrote in a tweet, as translated by Google. "It's critical that we ensure the safety of our people and assets in space — now and into the future," Nelson said. In other words, given the carefully worded statements, it's starting to sound unlikely the US will retaliate. Despite the muted political chatter, Russia has also fractured any remaining good will with any potential private industry partners keen on expanding their activities into space. After all, needlessly cluttering our planet's already cluttered orbit with debris doesn't just impact operations on the ISS. And we've already seen what happens when pieces of space junk collide with satellites. Russia appears to be actively distancing itself from the international space community. The news comes after Russian officials confirmed in April that the country will abandon the ISS around 2025. Roscosmos has also turned a cold shoulder to collaborating with NASA in its efforts to return the first astronauts to the Moon since the Apollo missions. And now, the country has drawn a line in the sand with its anti-satellite test. Whether its actions will lead to real world consequences remains to be seen, however. READ MORE: Russia defends anti-satellite test amid US criticism [Space.com] More on the situation: US Agencies, Military Rush to Condemn Russia Blowing Up Satellite Share This Article 
The cryptosphere is abuzz over a Florida court case in which the plaintiffs are claiming that one of the co-creators of Bitcoin is dead — and that his family is entitled to what amounts to a $32 billion estate. The crux of the case lies in the mostly-unsubstantiated claim that Australian programmer Craig Wright was, at least partially, the person behind the pseudonymous "Satoshi Nakamoto" who created Bitcoin, as well the concept of blockchain, back in 2008 and 2009. Wright is being sued by the family of David Kleiman, the Australian's alleged former business partner who died in 2013. Basically, the Kleiman family's goal is to prove that they deserve access to half of the untouched Nakamoto cache of roughly one million bitcoin, which is currently valued at around $64 billion — a serious pile of money. Wright's defense, confusingly, holds that Wright did create Bitcoin — a widely disputed claim — but denies that Kleiman was his business partner. While this bizarre case could, in theory, establish the identity of the creator of Bitcoin and determine who controls the vast wealth associated with the Nakamoto name, many say the case will prove absolutely nothing. Indeed, the Kleiman family's case hinges on one very dissonant core argument: that Wright is telling the truth when he says he is the creator of Bitcoin, but that he's lying by claiming he's the sole creator of the cryptocurrency. To add to the deep strangeness of the "Kleiman v. Wright" case is the Australian programmer's alleged behavior in and out of the courtroom. As Law360 reporter Carolina Bolado tweeted while following Tuesday's proceedings, Wright appeared to be messily posting to Slack about wanting to sue "misleading experts for fraud" while he was literally in court, causing the judge to intervene. "It’s not this court’s function to monitor your public or private activities but to the extent that it does have a chilling effect on witnesses and it’s a direct or indirect threat, then I do get involved," Judge Beth Bloom, the district judge overseeing the case in the Southern District of Florida, reportedly said. "I'm not going to tolerate that moving forward." While it's tempting to put the mudslinging aside, it seems like the drama, at least for Wright, is the point. While we may be no closer to actually learning who Satoshi Nakamoto is or was, there will likely be many more twists before the truth finally comes out. Share This Article 
Scientists may have glimpsed the elusive and mysterious Planet Nine — that is, if it actually exists — back in 1983. That's according to Michael Rowan-Robinson, an astronomer at the Imperial College London, who analyzed observations made by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite (IRAS) back in 1983. In a new paper, which has yet to be peer reviewed, Rowan-Robinson argues that shots from the telescope could actually turn out to show a ninth planet orbiting our Sun. Despite the excitement, chances are slim. "Given the poor quality of the IRAS detections, at the very limit of the survey, and in a very difficult part of the sky for far infrared detections, the probability of the candidate being real is not overwhelming," he wrote in the preprint earlier this month. "However, given the great interest of the Planet Nine hypothesis, it would be worthwhile to check whether an object with the proposed parameters and in the region of sky proposed, is inconsistent with the planetary [trajectories]," he wrote. In 2016, a pair of Caltech astronomers proposed that strangely behaving objects in the Kuiper Belt were being affected by a great gravitational pull of something with a huge mass. They suggested at the time that a ninth planet, up to ten times the mass of the Earth, could be causing these Trans-Neptunian Objects (TNOs) to behave so erratically. Other theories suggest the object could be a black hole, while others suggest it could be a cluster of much smaller objects. But extensive searches have yet to come up with proof that Planet Nine actually exists. If it does exist, it is extremely far away and doesn't receive much light from the Sun. Now, Rowan-Robinson has come up with three point sources, each detected roughly a month apart, picked from around 250,000 total sources detected by IRAS. These three sightings could point to the existence of a single transient object, the astronomer suggests in his paper. If Rowan-Robinson is correct, the planet would be somewhere between three to five times the mass of the Earth, orbiting the Sun 225 times the distance between the Earth and the Sun. Neptune orbits the Sun at around 30 astronomical units. The researcher is now suggesting that we analyze infrared and optical data at these three locations. It may be a long shot — but it's an exciting new chapter in our hunt for the elusive Planet Nine as well. READ MORE: Mysterious Object Glimpsed Decades Ago Might Have Actually Been Planet Nine [ScienceAlert] More on planet nine: Planet Nine Might Not Actually Exist, Scientists Say Share This Article 
US  government agencies are in unusual lockstep as they condemn Russia for intentionally exploding its own satellite, creating a dangerous cloud of space junk and forcing astronauts aboard the International Space Station to bunker down in their docked spaceships for safety. US Space Command called the surprise antisatellite (ASAT) test "a reckless and dangerous act." And NASA Administrator Bill Nelson, citing the danger the ASAT test presented to the ISS and its crew, said he is "outraged by this unconscionable action." "It is unthinkable that Russia would endanger not only the American and international partner astronauts on the ISS," Nelson said, "but also their own cosmonauts." Russia's ASAT quagmire has even caused non-space agencies to join in the chorus of condemnation. In a strongly worded tweet, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Russia's action have risked "astronauts' lives, the integrity of the International Space Station, and the interests of all nations." ASAT tests aren't unprecedented, but they do carry an increasing taboo due to their potential make orbit completely uninhabitable. There have only been a handful in history, but their effects have been grim. Just last week, the ISS had to maneuver out of the way of another cloud of space junk that was created by a Chinese ASAT test that took place more than a decade ago. What makes this situation particularly volatile is that Russia didn't announce the test beforehand, and in doing so has caused a lot of problems for a lot of countries — itself very much included. The world of ASATs is a fraught aspect of the modern and very militarized space race, and placed in a broader political context, this orbital arms race is at least as scary as the one the US and the Soviet Union engaged in during the Cold War. To be clear: the US has, if nothing else, has appeared to stand by idly as Russia's military-aerospace posturing has become increasingly chaotic. Take, for instance, a similar situation that occurred in April 2020: after US Space Command condemned Russia for yet another unruly ASAT test, Middlebury Institute arms control scholar Dr. Jeffrey Lewis suggested that by refusing to disarm, the US "chose" this international game of chicken. Many questions remain as to what, if any, consequences will result from this latest Russian space fiasco. But if history's taught us anything, one thing is certain: there's a lot of room for things to get even uglier. More on MissileGate: US Government Furious at Russian Anti-Satellite Test Share This Article 
For the second time in a week, the International Space Station (ISS) has gotten close enough to an orbital "debris cloud" to cause the team of astronauts aboard to take refuge in the station's docked spacecraft. As reported by The Houston Chronicle, US Space Command confirmed that a "debris-generating event in outer space" had taken place. "We are actively working to characterize the debris field and will continue to ensure all space-faring nations have the information necessary to maneuver satellites if impacted," read Space Command statement obtained by the newspaper. "We are also in the process of working with the interagency, including the State Department and NASA, concerning these reports and will provide an update in the near future." There was no collision, and everybody aboard the station is fine. Indeed, soon after reports began emerging about the issue, ISS Commander Anton Shkaplerov tweeted that "everything is regular." This kind of close call is scary but not uncommon. Just last week, the football field-sized craft had to maneuver out of the way of another cloud of space junk — and the similarities may not end there. On November 10, the ISS narrowly avoided colliding with a cloud of space debris created more than a decade ago when China blew up its old weather orbiter while testing antisatellite missiles. The resulting field of space junk was massive: as Harvard astronomer Jonathan McDowell noted, there have been more than 3,500 pieces of debris associated with the impact of the Chinese missile, and over 2,700 of those are still in orbit all these years later. While the story continues to develop, little is known currently about the origin of the debris from the November 15 incident. Both McDowell and Thomas Burghardt, the news director of NASASpaceFlight, have pointed out that Russia reportedly conducted its own antisatellite test earlier in the day — which may have resulted in the planned demolition of its Kosmos-1408 satellite, and an ensuing debris cloud. As McDowell put it, the now-exploded Kosmos-1408 is a "plausible candidate" for the cause of this latest close call with space junk. Russia conducted an Anti-Satellite (ASAT) test this morning, destroying the Kosmos-1408 satellite and creating a debris field. Additionally, the crew onboard the ISS sheltered in their reentry vehicles due to debris cloud passes. It is unconfirmed that this was the same debris. https://t.co/l5IB6sQEjO — Thomas Burghardt (@TGMetsFan98) November 15, 2021  It's too soon to tell who's to blame for this latest iteration of an increasingly dangerous problem for the ISS, but it could have deep implications for the future of antisatellite weaponry. Updated to remove an incorrect wording. Read more: "New debris in outer space forced ISS astronauts to take shelter" [Houston Chronicle] But wait, there's more: Report: Pentagon Working on Space-Based Anti-Satellite Tech Share This Article 
Decluttering your home doesn’t mean that you have to give up beautiful things. In fact, when you take a more minimalist approach to decorating it allows you to focus on those pieces you have chosen to adorn your space, a piece such as this LED corner floor lamp. Right now, it's only $70.97 (reg. $149) for our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale. Before you decide whether you want to take a minimalist approach to your lifestyle in general, and in your home décor in particular, here are a few points to ponder. Decluttering means there is less to clean and less to organize. You will be spending less money on material items and freeing up more money to do more of the things you love.  It turns out it can even be beneficial for your mental health. Additionally decluttering can potentially lower the risk of asthma and allergies by reducing dust, mold, and mildew. But even if you are not ready to adopt a minimalist lifestyle, this Minimalist LED Corner Lamp would still make a beautiful addition to your living room, dining room, bedroom, guest room, or any room in your home. Tuck it away in a corner and you will barely know it’s there, at least in its physical presence. The light, however, creates a statement that will speak loudly.  It can shuffle through an unbelievable 16 million colors and over 300 multi-color effects to create the perfect ambience to suit your mood, all operated through the included remote control. Soft-white, integrated LEDs (beyond lasting longer and using less energy) help to create the customized illuminations while the high-end design with its quality metal finish is sure to be a conversation starter, yet won’t dominate your space. As part of our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters promotion, we are offering this stunning lamp for only $70.97. That’s more than half off the original MSRP of $149. No coupons needed, but be sure to act fast. This deal won’t last long. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Fortnite has officially withdrawn its servers from China, and in doing so has abandoned the world's largest gaming market. As Bloomberg News reports, the shutdown comes after Epic Games, the game's publisher, spent three years running Fortnite on a "trial basis" in China without ever making any money on it. To explain exactly why this uber-popular game was never able to make any money in China, you have to zoom out a little and look at the way tech and video game companies are allowed to operate in China, where the government, as Bloomberg put it, "have always sought tight control over the internet and media, and have long displayed hostility toward video games in particular." Per new Chinese government regulations, companies that want to sell games in the country have to go through a strict approval process. It's similar to the way foreign companies have to get American government approval to sell their wares in the US, but as always, there's deeper cultural and political context. Like many countries — a list which very much includes the United States — China has in recent years worked to control the so-called ill effects of video games on its youth. This aim for control has in the past few months come to a head as the country began rolling out new gaming regulations, which includes a micromanaging new rule that caps kids' online gaming time at three hours per week. The Chinese government has taken a strikingly bold stance in the online gaming wars, claiming in one state media article that gaming is as addictive as opium. As Bloomberg pointed out, the Chinese government's online gaming crackdown is part President Xi Jinping's campaign to rein in tech companies — an endeavor that also mirrors similar inquiries and regulations being pushed in the United States today, though each global power has its own methods. Epic's relationship with the Chinese government is also nuanced. In an effort to win Chinese approval, Epic joined forces in 2018with the Chinese gaming company Tencent to launch "Fortress Night," the Chinese version of Fortnite. After making substantial changes to the game, Epic was allowed to host Fortress Night in China on a trial basis, but in the intervening three years hasn't seen a cent from it due to the nature of its agreement with China. While it's far from the first American media property that's bent to Chinese regulations, the Fortnite example seems egregious. In what other scenario would a giant American company be willing to make absolutely no money in a giant country for three years going on nothing but hope that they'll be able to sell their product properly? American media, of course, have turned this into a Chinese red scare story. Barron's ran a piece about how China's regulation of U.S. companies is likely to hurt the stock market, while Bloomberg even mentioned in passing that in 2015 Chinese psychiatrists reportedly used electroshock therapy on internet gaming addicts — without adding the crucial context that the government vowed to end the practice soon after it was exposed internationally. But at its heart, this story is about government regulating international companies. It's not exactly business as usual, but it is a bummer accompanied by the Fortnite dance. Share This Article 
Learning another language is a wonderful way to expand your communication with the world. Not only does it give your the opportunity to meet new people, but also to explore different cultures.However, learning a new language can be difficult and time-consuming. But not anymore! If you've been longing to learn a new way to communicate with others but don't have the time, check out Speakly. Right now Speakly is offering a lifetime subscription to new members for only $48.99 (reg. $399) with code APPS30 during our Pre-Black Friday Doorbusters Sale. This one-time purchase includes access to 8 languages: English, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Spanish and Russian. Speakly allows thousands of people to practice real-life situations right from their smartphone or computer and at their own pace. From the app, people can learn at a variety of skill levels, from beginner to advanced and they can study whenever and wherever they want.Your progress will be synchronized across your devices so you don't have to worry about always having to login in on the same device at the same place. Wondering what you'll earn with a Speakly Lifetime Subscription? The app covers a wide range of useful real-life topics that people encounter daily like, shopping, directions, socializing, foods and drinks, and so much more. All you need is iOS 12 or later, Android 4.4 or later, or any browser to get started. As an added bonus, updates are included so you'll never miss out on important topics. Given an impressive 4.8/5 stars on the Apple Store, the Speakly Lifetime Subscription is a great option for anyone that wants to explore and learn a new language. For a limited time, you can take advantage of our Pre-Black Friday Doorbuster and grab a lifetime membership for just $48.99 and get started today. Get The Speakly: Lifetime Subscription for $48.99 (reg. $399) with code APPS30 Prices subject to change Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
This week, we’re pleased to bring you a different version of Futurism, containing stories from the horizon of hedonism. Welcome to The Science of Pleasure. In collaboration with our friends over at MEL Magazine, this week, we’ll be bringing you stories from both publications about the pleasures of tomorrow, today.  It’s a nonstop cacophony of pure flesh. Breasts melt into arms, twist and darken into matted hair, stretch into a beautiful face — or, wait, was that the yawning grimace of a misshapen skull? — before liquifying into a beak, the eyes impossible pits, the entire dreadful visage writhing and mutating in an undifferentiated, ever-dissolving barrage of vaguely feminine buttocks, swimsuits, midriffs, stumps, and blobs of flesh. This horrific, provocative spectacle is the work of digital artist Eric “Shardcore” Drass, who produced this particular video — “Looking Glass” (2019) — as well as a greater body of work he calls “The Machine Gaze,” using machine learning tools. “By turning the AI on the domain of porn you make imagery that's not pornography but it's fleshy — you can see the roots that it's come from,” Drass told Futurism. “It starts to trigger the similar parts of your brain but in slightly the wrong way.”  Drass isn’t exaggerating. The material is uncomfortable and often grotesque. It forces us to ask uneasy questions about our own thirstiness. “The overriding feature is, of course, flesh — and the melting and conjoining of fleshy forms is perhaps the very definition of pornography, is it not? Yet machines have no genitals or bodies,” Drass said. “So what do these images mean?” From his studio in a boho bastion of Brighton on the English south coast, Drass says he’s spent the last several years training models, built with machine learning tools including Nvidia’s StyleGAN and Google’s DeepDream, using a vast array of imagery gleaned from vintage erotica and PornHub. “The underlying question,” he said, “is what do machines — with no concept of sexuality or sexual behaviour — see when they look at this content?”  If his AI images and videos are anything to go by, the answer is unsettling and at times ghoulish.   The videos, like sex on an acid trip, veer between titillating and vaguely nauseating, with everything happening too fast to necessarily get a grip on the experience. Drass layers his own musical compositions over the footage, like a dreamy porn riff playing over a dark parody of a striptease, or a searing drone soundtrack on a Picassoesque sexual nightmare.  Perhaps the strangest is a video that seems to be suggesting a sexual encounter between numerous figures of ghastly, indeterminate skin. They’re broken up visually with raw negative space, in which they engage in a morbid pantomime of rubbing, kissing, sucking and fucking in which their bodies dissolve and fuse into one another in an endless venereal hallucination. The overall effect is to make you wonder if you might be going insane. If anything, Drass’s still images are even more intriguing, because you can stop to behold them as a complete work without watching them constantly liquify into new representations of something so strange that it’s difficult to put into words. The results can be haunting, spectral, or just plain disturbing. Drass has a knack for catching the faces he generates at the most appallingly liminal moments — awful masks of madness that seem to form as these dreamscape beings warp between forms. The bodies, if anything, are even more macabre — yearning neural succubi which, frankly, make us very uncomfortable.   Is any of it hot? It’s difficult to say, and that ambiguity is the core of the work. Sometimes Drass leaves his algorithms churning all night, he said, sifting through the results the next day.  Of course, that approach raises the question of whether he might be essentially generating vast numbers of mostly-uninteresting permutations on a concept, and then using his all-human sense of aesthetic taste to select the most evocative. In other words, his algorithms could be the modern equivalent of Clever Hans, a performing horse in the late 1800s which was renowned for its ability to spell and do arithmetic — until it was discovered that the horse had been picking up on what were likely unintentional cues from its handler. Drass acknowledged that concern, saying that it “feels like a bit of a trick when I've got a machine that can make an infinite number of images.” “I need to ask 'what am I contributing'?” he mused. Drass, who says he’s swerved between an unfinished PhD in cognitive psycholinguistics, modeling, software, music, and art, started to conceptualize the project as he thought about porn — or, rather, pondered how porn might be perceived by a non-human intelligence.  “A huge proportion of internet traffic is porn but people don't talk about it,” he said. “But what about the machines that are observing our data, observing our behavior? To a machine watching the internet, it will see 30 percent of it is these monkeys looking at other naked monkeys. It's fucking crazy! But the machines are never asked to look at that — they're just asked to look at your banking behaviour.” It’s also difficult to separate the topic of neural network-generated pornography from the phenomenon of “deepfakes,” which often use similar tech to insert the likenesses of celebrities or other people into existing porn, almost always without their consent. Basically, deepfake porn is a nasty phenomenon that uses cutting edge AI tech to target and harass women. For his part, Drass says that he sees it as a waste of extraordinary new creative tools.  “The vast majority of deepfake work involves transferring the face of a Hollywood star onto the body of a porn actress,” he said. “This is not just morally objectionable, but also shows a startling lack of imagination.” He’s also interested in using machine learning to probe the way we might already be observed by AI in our online lives. “People are up in arms about the whole hidden algorithmic culture that's going on, but they don't ever think about porn — something I'm doing furtively with myself,” he said. “Because it's so base and animalistic an activity, it's somehow not part of the greater landscape of the web.” Illustrating that point, Drass posted a promo video about “The Machine Gaze” on various social platforms to see if their algorithms would shut it down.  “LinkedIn was the only place that didn't block it!” he said with a laugh. “Facebook closed it straight away, Twitter was later when it got flagged, YouTube would have none of it. But there is a weird tension, because this stuff is not naked people, just what machines are judging to be naked humans. So who deems it filthy? It's just a picture. That's fascinating, because the machine doesn't know anything.” After spending all this time training neural networks to produce a simulacrum of human desire, you might wonder whether Drass believes machines will ever feel pleasure themselves. But he demures, shaking his head.  “Of course that's an interesting philosophical question,” he said. “But pleasure is about being in a body. The fact that we're made out of biology and have a direct relationship with the world, machines cannot currently grasp.” More on neural networks: Physicist: The Entire Universe Might Be a Neural Network Share This Article 
I was never a strong reader growing up. Not in grade school, high school, throughout college, or throughout my 20s. I thought this would limit my potential, career-wise. After working boring, entry-level sales jobs for about 8 years, I reached my 30s and decided that I needed to make a big life change. I always loved sports. Despite not ever being good enough to make any teams, I was an avid fan and I knew fan culture really well. My dream was to run and operate a company that connects people to the best deals on their favorite jerseys and memorabilia. Every day while I was working in sales, I imagined quitting, getting away from my boss and the office, and pursuing my dream. The problem was, I didn't know anything about starting a business. Friends would just tell me to read books about it. They'd recommend reads by Richard Branson, Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, etc. And I'd try to get into them, but I'd often find myself getting lost and not paying attention. Long reads are tough for me. I'm into quick-hitting information, and I was expressing that to a colleague one day when they recommended 12min Micro Book Library, which has a lifetime subscription on sale for $39. I usually looked at my short attention span as a detriment to my well-being, but the 12min Micro Book Library subscription made me see it as a superpower—because it gave me access to hundreds of micro books. Micro books are exactly what they sound like, condensed audiobooks on hundreds of topics, and each one is only 12 minutes long, containing only the most essential parts of the original text. This style of learning clicked with me immediately. The next thing I knew, I was listening to micro books about starting companies, entrepreneurship, leadership, and so much more that would later help me achieve my goals. I loved that these were audio-based, as I found that the act of reading was a huge blocker in my earlier attempts to self-educate. Listening allowed me to stay active in other ways, which in turn helped my focus. I would play a book like The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People while working out at the gym. And I would listen to The Power of Habit while researching different distributors of memorabilia and jerseys. The more I played from my 12min Micro Library subscription, the more I learned about starting a business—and the more steps I took towards actually doing that. After having my subscription for about a year, I finally felt prepared enough to quit my job in sales. I had saved up some money and even convinced some investors to help me get my first batch of inventory for the memorabilia distribution business, and from there I executed a number of project management, business leadership, and entrepreneurial tactics that I learned while studying my 12min Micro Book Library books. Some of the titles I revisited the most included Secrets of the Millionaire Mind, 10 Days to Faster Reading (the irony, I know), and The Power of Now. In the time since launching my business, my life has changed immensely. I've been able to create a reliable and steady stream of income that's centered around one of my true passions. In building the brand, I've made loads of friends with similar interests and have started to attend a lot more baseball card trading shows and memorabilia-related events, which has been a pure joy. I've also found a new passion — books! Even beyond just reading to learn more strategies to keep my business alive, I've found that I love to explore the 12min Library for books that pertain to personal development, science, technology, and other areas that I find personally interesting as a form of entertainment. The Micro Book Library features nearly 2,000 micro books that stretch across 24 categories. These are real, full-length books. When you choose one that you want to take in faster than normal, the 12min team will synthesize it into a short and comprehensive micro book. So, if you do have an appetite for longer books, you can use the condensed micro books as telling previews. I never thought that I would run my own business. But after a year spent teaching myself, I figured out how to get something off the ground and that eventually became a thriving business. I also never thought that I would like reading, but weirdly, 12min Micro Book Library has also done that for me. The micro book version of The Power of Now introduced me to its author Eckhart Tolle, whose work I found so fascinating that I actually ended up buying his full-length, physical books to read. I finally found joy in something that stumped me for my entire life. Now that I can take in micro books while I'm on the run and read fuller texts when I have time, I feel like a totally different person than who I was before subscribing. Taking in information is a joy as opposed to the chore that it felt like before. I learned how to get things done by listening to Getting Things Done. I learned how to make more efficient use of my time by listening to The 4-Hour Workweek, and I've found a number of ways to grow my business, fund new ones, and grow into the successful entrepreneur I always dreamed of becoming. I owe it all to this one subscription. If you've felt like you're just out of reach of realizing your true potential, then I promise taking in more books will help. If you struggle with reading for any number of reasons from time to desire, then you should take advantage of this sale on the 4.5-star 12min Micro Book Library: Lifetime Premium Subscription, which is available for just $39 ($399). Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The impossible might have happened: Elon Musk might have actually gone too far for some of his fans.  The drama started when Musk responded to a tweet by Senator Bernie Sanders on Sunday morning that read: "We must demand that the extremely wealthy pay their fair share. Period." To which Musk responded with a rather mean choice of words: "I keep forgetting that you’re still alive." Yikes.  It’s undoubtedly a bad look for the richest man on Earth to pooh-pooh the outrageous idea that he pays his fair share of taxes, while simultaneously making fun of an elderly man who clearly just wants the best for the world.  In classic Musk fashion, though, he continued to dig his own grave in follow-up tweets saying that Sanders "is a taker, not a maker" and doubling down on his perplexing tax-avoidance scheme by selling his stock at the behest of a Twitter poll.  While there are those who defended the SpaceX founder, the tweet seems to have much of his fandom at odds with one another. At the time of reporting, the top post on the /r/ElonMusk subreddit is a screengrab of the exchange titled "this is a dick move, change my mind." "It’s mean and nasty," one user commented. "This sub [is] becoming an echo chamber though, so lots of users will rationalize away and protect their idol." "Yeah that’s a pretty shitty thing to say," another user wrote. "I know Elon likes to play around on Twitter a lot and usually it’s kind of funny to see a Billionaire shit posting, but that’s pretty uncalled for and fucked up." Many took umbrage with the fact that Musk mocking Sanders' age, with one user writing that making "fun of an 80 year old for not being dead is extremely shitty. None of you should be cool with this." Of course, Twitter and Reddit users also used this as an opportunity to dunk on Musk, with plenty of reminders of his former baldness and as well as dusting off the old "apartheid emerald mines" barbs. It’s been a controversial few weeks on Twitter for the billionaire, who was no stranger to controversial tweets in the first place. Late last month, Musk found himself in hot water for a series of sexist tweets that he later deleted about a new university with a vulgar name.  While that was bad, it seems like he’s outdone himself this time by attacking the Internet’s favorite democratic socialist.  More on Musk tweets: Elon Musk Deletes Sexist Tweets Share This Article 
Put some science into the gift mix this year, with an additional 15% off our best science and DIY kits for a limited time in our Pre-Black Friday sale! This teeny coil is easy to assemble and can play any MIDI file from your laptop. Get the TinyTesla Musical Tesla Coil Kit for $168.26 (reg. $229) with code SAVE15NOV. This 3D printer is an infinite toy chest, with designs from a community of makers to print and one-touch activation. Get the Toybox 3D Printer Deluxe Bundle for $297.50 (reg. $469) with code SAVE15NOV. Print advanced constructions in multiple colors with this complete starter bundle. Get the SparkMaker Original SLA 3D Printer Starter Bundle for $161.49 (reg. $320) with code SAVE15NOV. Put the solar system anywhere you want with this scale model set. Get the Planetary System Set for $93.46 (reg. $129) with code SAVE15NOV. Learn coding, robotics, and electrical engineering with this robot car based on the Raspberry Pi. Get the SunFounder PiCar-V Kit V2.0 for Raspberry Pi 4 for $89.21 (reg. $115) with code SAVE15NOV. This flying disc both serves as a way to get moving and as a way to stimulate your mind as you code new games onto it. Get the Zubi Flyer: Hackable Frisbee for $75.65 (reg. $99) with code SAVE15NOV. Developed by engineers to build STEM skills and a love of science in kids, this kit explores robotics and automation with multiple self-driving car projects. Get the DIY Autonomous Vehicle Kit for Ages 8 to 13 for $169.99 (reg. $249) with code SAVE15NOV. This smart module adds Bluetooth controls and more complex aeronautics to any paper airplane. Get the POWERUP 4.0: App-Controlled Paper Plane 2-Piece Bundle for $140.24 (reg. $189) with code SAVE15NOV. This easy-to-use microscope connects to any computer and lets you get up close with your environment. Get the WiFi Digital Microscope for $47.56 (reg. $69) with code SAVE15NOV. Build your own drone from parts and learn about aeronautics and electrical engineering. Get the DIY Building Block STEM Drone for $42.49 (reg. $129) with code SAVE15NOV. Bring a starfield with you anywhere with this fun, easy-to-use laser projector that puts an array of stars all over the room. Get the Sky Lite Laser Galaxy Projector for $50.99 (reg. $59) with code SAVE15NOV. Designed by scientists, these award-winning educational kits show kids the joys of science through do-it-yourself projects. Get the STEM Starter Bundle: Robotic & Curiosity Kits for $67.99 (reg. $119) with code SAVE15NOV. Discover how Alexa and Siri function, and much more, with your very own self-built voice assistant. Get Spencer DIY Voice Assistant for $84.99 (reg. $119) with code SAVE15NOV. This bench-scale robot arm is just like the ones in factories and labs, giving kids a new way to learn about robotics and adults a new way to test ideas. Get the WLKATA Mirobot 6-Axis Mini Robot Arm Education Kit for $1,189.99 (reg. $1,540) with code SAVE15NOV. Explore the globe and learn about its cuisine, animals, and culture with this durable interactive globe. Get the Orboot Earth: Augmented Reality Interactive Globe for Kids for $46.74 (reg. $59) with code SAVE15NOV. Combine brick building, LEDs, and 80s nostalgia with this build-it-yourself time travel prop. Get the Flux Capacitor with Animated LED Lights Kit for $46.74 (reg. $64) with code SAVE15NOV. These robots come in fun trading-card style packaging, with parts you punch out of the boards, and a full tool kit with safety gear for kids to learn soldering, circuits, and engineering. Get the Geeek Club DIY Robot Construction Kit for $107.06 (reg. $129) with code SAVE15NOV. These dimmable LED lamps are designed from the latest NASA data to present an accurate model of the eight planets, each of which fit in the palm of your hand. Get the Original 8-Planet Color Lamps Set for $127.49 (reg. $160) with code SAVE15NOV. Watchmakers were the original STEM and DIY enthusiasts, and this kit will take makers and citizen scientists back to those roots with all the tools and parts needed to construct their own watch. Get the Rotate® DIY Watchmaking Kit for $127.49 (reg. $195) with code SAVE15NOV. This light source draws on the power of dinoflagellates to offer a gentle glow, just like you find in the ocean, perfect for kids curious about biology. Get the Bioluminescent Bio-Orb for $38.24 (reg. $49) with code SAVE15NOV. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The complex crowd dynamics that led to a growing number of deaths at musician Travis Scott's Astroworld festival may be even more gruesome than originally thought. As Business Insider reported, physics may help explain what went wrong at the Houston festival, making the tragedy appear more and more like a perfect storm of dangerous circumstances. Mass deaths, even at outrageously rowdy concerts, remain vanishingly rare. First, the hard facts: during Scott's performance on November 5, a massive surge towards the stage appears to have caused nine people to die from injuries sustained during Scott's set. The "Sicko Mode" rapper, who headlined and organized the annual festival, denies that he was aware of the deadly crowd surge until after his performance was over, while the Houston police chief claims that he personally tried to warn the rapper ahead of time about "public safety concerns." Beyond apologies from Travis Scott and his partner Kylie Jenner, which include vows to pay for funeral and mental health costs for all affected by the tragedy, there's still a lot of speculation and blame-slinging about what really happened at Astroworld. Much of the blame has come down on Scott and the people he hired to organize and do crowd control. There's also been a widespread perception that the panic rippling through the crowd was the main culprit behind the deaths and injuries, which included at least 11 heart attacks among the young and presumably healthy concertgoers. As noted by Business Insider, science — and specifically, the physics theory behind the study of gases and liquids — may provide some answers to the massive questions surrounding the Astroworld tragedy. "When people are loosely packed in a crowd, with fewer than four people per square meter, they have room to make and act on their own decisions," the report noted. "But when crowd density rises above four people per square meter, and especially to six or more, something strange happens: People get pressed together so tightly that they begin to move together as one unit, with waves of pressure and release." "In other words," the article continued, "human bodies behave like a fluid. That appears to be what happened at Astroworld on Friday." Citing a 2017 Smithsonian magazine article printed in the days before Donald Trump's inauguration — which, for those who can remember that far back, caused both speculative and real-word concerns for mass violence and hysteria — BI's Astroworld report alluded to the physics of fluid dynamics while quoting concertgoers who described "waves" of bodies pushing and pulling in the chaotic crowd surge. When crowds become extremely dense and people start falling, computation social scientist Dirk Helbing told Smithsonian in 2017, it can create a "black hole" effect in which people, as well as items of clothing and shoes, can get sucked in. There's then a ripple effect: the more people who fall into these "black holes," the more those around them fall as well. "It was like a current, almost, in an ocean," 20-year-old concertgoer Reese Bludau told Houston's KHOU news station. "I had four to six people touching me at all times. It felt like I had probably 15 to 20 pounds on my chest and back." While the legal blame for what happened at Astroworld will no doubt be duked out in courtrooms for months or years to come, one thing is for sure: this was, in no way, the crowd's fault. "I've not seen any instances of the cause of mass fatalities being a stampede," British crowd scientist Keith Still told The Guardian in 2015, after a similar crowd surge lead to a mind-boggling death toll of more than 2,200 people going on religious pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia. "People don't die because they panic. They panic because they are dying." Share This Article 
It looks like China's "doomsday" weaponry pipeline may be more American than its critics care to admit. In a new POLITICO op-ed, Georgetown military researcher Ryan Fedasiuk revealed that much of the concern over the Chinese military's forays into artificial intelligence is misplaced because, as it turns out, the basis for their tech is as American as apple pie. Using open source records, Fedasiuk and his team at Georgetown's Center for Security and Emerging Technology recently published the findings of a yearlong study that looked into exactly what technologies the Chinese military is buying — and, perhaps more tellingly, its spending on military AI research. "Perhaps most importantly for US policymakers," the researcher wrote, "our investigation into the [People's Liberation Army]’s buying habits shows how Chinese progress in military AI is being driven, in part, by access to American technology and capital." He added that American companies have played a "critical" role in providing the tech, know-how, and money to not only research military AI, but to actually buy ready-made products such as autonomous drones and AI-equipped surveillance programs. This revelation comes after a rare public briefing from Michael Orlando, the acting head of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center, who gravely warned that the US "can’t afford to lose" supremacy to China, and that if they do, the consequences will be "severe." While American intelligence hems and haws publicly about China acquiring and using AI weaponry, the US has quietly begun regulating — rather than outright banning — the usage of autonomous robots that have the ability to kill. What's more, Fedasuik noted, is that "China doesn’t appear focused on lethal autonomous weapons or automated nuclear launch, as some have suggested." Indeed, the Gerogetown researchers' probe of more than 66,000 Chinese procurements from April to November 2020 found that that kind of technology was purchased the least in the dataset they surveyed, while AI or autonomous vehicles made up a third of all the procurements. In short, the researcher determined that although he and his team "found that the Chinese military is 'intelligentizing' warfare by purchasing AI systems for all manner of applications, including autonomous vehicles, intelligence analysis, decision support, electronic warfare and cyber operations," there's also "reason to be skeptical of the most ominous predictions about China’s efforts to fully automate warfare through 'doomsday'-like weapons." Lest we forget that this was a Georgetown researcher publishing in Capitol Hill's favorite newspaper, Fedasuik repeatedly stated that the US should be doing more to stifle, and not advance, China in the supposed "arms race for AI." "Even as the United States attempts to decouple supply chains from China when it comes to American goods," he wrote, "it also needs to consider new strategies to prevent American know-how from inadvertently powering China’s technological advancements." There's plenty of reason to argue that in the quest for global hegemony, the US and China have entered a high tech cold war. But if one side already has the money and expertise to build these kinds of killer robots, isn't it kind of ironic for them to freak out when the other side wants them as well? More on America's smart weapons: "US Army Readies Robot Tanks Fitted With Chainguns, Missile Launchers" Read more: "China Secretly Developed Autonomous Killer Robot Submarines" Share This Article 
A team of scientists in China say they’ve discovered a cost-effective method of achieving nuclear fusion that could rival much more expensive counterparts.  Researchers at the Chinese Academy of Sciences’ Institute of Physics began their experiments into fusion power at the Shenguang II laser facility last summer, according to The South China Morning Post. However, the government gave the team just $156 million over six years to conduct their experiments — a paltry sum compared to fusion reactors like the International Thermal Experimental Reactor (ITER) in France, which has an estimated budget of $45 to $65 billion. The researchers also wanted to improve on research conducted at the National Ignition Facility (NIF) over the summer, which resulted in more fusion energy output than ever previously produced in a lab. That experiment involved aiming 100 very powerful lasers at a single target, which eventually deformed the mirrors used to create the lasers and reduced its accuracy.  So along with achieving fusion, the Chinese team also needed to figure out how to do it on a budget and with less powerful lasers. Eventually, they turned to a process initially developed in 1997 by Zhang Jie, a renowned Chinese physicist.  The method involved weaker laser beams aimed at two tiny gold cones, which emit hydrogen plasma at each other. When it happens with precisely the right parameters, a fusion reaction can occur. While the gold cones vaporize after fusion, the ultimate cost will be "extremely small — if not negligible — in the future operation of a power plant," Zhang Zhe, lead researcher of the experiment, told the SCMP. "A small grain of gold can make thousands of cones." Though the team did encounter some issues in their experiments, Zhang says that they were able to make considerable progress. He hopes that the team will be able to scale their research with more sophisticated tools and facilities in the future that "will lift the game to a whole new level."  When that happens, the team might have a fusion reactor that will rival the capabilities of the ITER — and at a fraction of the cost.  It’s another exciting update in the race to achieve fusion power, which could provide boundless clean energy and help provide a reliable method away from fossil fuels. However, it’s worth noting that fusion energy will likely not be unlocked by any one country — but rather a joint effort by all.   "It is difficult to predict which approach or which country will win the race at this stage. There are too many uncertainties ahead," an anonymous nuclear fusion scientist told the SCMP. "But in the end, different technologies, different nations may need to unite as one to bring fusion from dream to life." READ MORE: Chinese scientists strike early gold in race to nuclear fusion power [The South China Morning Post] More on fusion power: Scientists Thrilled at Important Step Toward Practical Nuclear Fusion Share This Article 
It turns out there's plenty of oxygen on the Moon after all — but there's a catch. The Moon's near-vacuum atmosphere doesn't have anywhere near enough oxygen to sustain human life. But as Southern Cross University soil researcher John Grant wrote this week in The Conversation, its top layer of rocky soil, known as "regolith," likely contains enough oxygen for 8 billion people to survive for about 100,000 years. The only problem, of course, is that you can't breathe rocks. That's where a new joint program between the Australian Space Agency and NASA comes in. Inked in October, the deal will send an Aussie rover to the Moon via NASA's Artemis program to collect lunar rocks and, as NASA put it in a press release, "attempt to extract oxygen from lunar regolith." The results have the potential to be civilization-shifting — because if lunar settlers can synthesize breathable air in situ, a long-term Moon base would become vastly more feasible. The technology for the extraction, known as electrolysis — no, not the laser hair removal — already exists and is "a pretty straightforward process," Grant said. "On Earth this process is commonly used in manufacturing, such as to produce aluminium," he wrote. "An electrical current is passed through a liquid form of aluminium oxide (commonly called alumina) via electrodes, to separate the aluminium from the oxygen." Oxygen makes up about 45 percent of lunar soil, Grant noted, but to extract it from the other elements that make up the regolith's composition, such as silicon, aluminum, and magnesium, scientists will have to use a lot of energy and industrial equipment to break them apart. "To be sustainable," the Southern Cross University soil scientist supposed, "it would need to be supported by solar energy or other energy sources available on the Moon." While the logistics of extracting oxygen on the lunar surface represents "a mighty challenge," Grant noted that Space Applications Services, a Belgian startup, has announced plans to construct three reactors and send them to the Moon to create oxygen via electrolysis. And it could happen soon, if all goes according to plan. The company has said that it plans to send its experimental reactors to the Moon by 2025 in tandem with the European Space Agency’s in-situ resource utilization (ISRU) program. While it's awesome to imagine a vibrant human presence on the Moon, don't forget that the hoi polloi will almost certainly not be invited. Read more: "The Moon’s top layer alone has enough oxygen to sustain 8 billion people for 100,000 years" [The Conversation] More on Moon mining: China Analyzing Moon Rocks as Potential Fusion Power Source Share This Article 
Biometrics are increasingly popular for protecting public spaces and even replacing your wallet.  For your valuables, though, they may be the best defense. The TROVA Go uses biometrics to guard what you value most, while making it easy to take with you, and it's even easier to buy at 15% off for a limited time during our Pre-Black Friday sale. As seen in Fast Company, the TROVA Go is designed to fit in with anybody's kit. The anodized aluminum of the case comes in charcoal to fit in with other consumer gear and not draw attention. It seals tightly to prevent odors from entering or exiting, and its low profile makes it easy to carry with your phone in hand or in a bag or jacket pocket. Inside, it's built to keep everything in place. The top strap closes magnetically to protect rings and other jewelry, while the one underneath is sized to hold credit cards, vape pens, and other personal valuables securely. In terms of security, the Go connects via Bluetooth, and will only open with the proper biometrics through the Trova app, available on iOS and Android. The aluminum alloy construction makes it difficult for thieves to crack open, while handling the jostlings and dings of daily life. As for the other reason we find ourselves without valuable items, the Go has GPS tools to ensure that it's never lost and easy to track down if it is. It also notifies you if it gets disconnected, left open, or moves far enough away from your phone that it thinks it might be in someone else's pocket or the airport lost and found. It uses USB-C to charge, as well, so even if you forget your charger, you'll have something else to power it up near to hand. Get the TROVA Go: Discreet Biometric Storage for $169.15 (reg. $249) with code SAVE15NOV during our Pre-Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Remember when a lawsuit claimed that DNA testing had failed to find any actual tuna in what the sandwich chain Subway was selling as tuna salad, prompting a furious rebuttal from the company's CEO? Well, now the suit is back — and this time, the Washington Post reports, the plaintiffs are making ominous new claims about what genetic material the alleged tuna really does contain. Originally, the suit had characterized the putative fish material as a "mixture of various concoctions that do not constitute tuna, yet have been blended together by defendants to imitate the appearance of tuna." Now, WaPo reports that in an amended suit, they're going into more methodological detail, saying that they collected tuna samples from 20 Subway locations around Southern California and sent them to the Barber Lab at UCLA's Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology. The results of those tests, according to the suit, failed to inspire confidence. Only one of the 20 samples revealed any tuna DNA at all, and all 20 appeared to contain chicken DNA, 11 included pork, and seven more indicated the presence of beef. As WaPo points out, that wouldn't just be vaguely disgusting — it would mean that countless customers were inadvertently running afoul of dietary restrictions ranging from religious guidelines to pescatarianism, which would represent an immense ethical snafu by Subway. It's worth noting, though, that Subway is still strenuously objecting to the claims. "The plaintiffs’ latest attempt to state a claim against Subway is just as meritless as their prior attempts," Mark Goodman, an attorney representing Subway, said in an email statement to WaPo. "These claims are false and will be proven to be completely meritless if the case gets past the pleading stage." Goodman also called the claims in the suit "fatally vague" and "based on flawed testing and misstate the contents of Subway tuna sandwiches, salads and wraps." A Subway spokesperson also told WaPo that the sandwiches do indeed contain "high-quality, wild-caught, 100 percent tuna." "The fact remains that Subway tuna is real and strictly regulated by the FDA in the US, and other government entities around the world," the spokesperson added. Read more: The Subway tuna lawsuit is back, alleging that samples contain chicken, pork and cattle DNA [The Washington Post] More on Subway: Subway to Start Selling Meatless Meatball Marinara Subs Share This Article 
As we go from unsustainable clothing to fungal leather and eco-friendly fabrics, the question of keeping your clothes clean while reducing the ecological impact lingers. This Ecoegg™ bundle makes it simple to remove dirt and preserve your fashion, and you can save an additional 15% for a limited time as part of our Pre-Black Friday sale. The main issue with most modern laundry detergents is that they knock the balance of nutrients in water out of whack. The phosphorus and nitrogen found in the industrial surfactants used in detergent can get into waterways, driving up the nutrient content and feeding harmful algal blooms and invasive plants, while draining the water of the dissolved oxygen other life needs. Ecoegg uses minerals instead to lift dirt away. That way, the water from your laundry won't knock any ecosystems out of balance. Add the mineral pellets to the Ecoegg and place it on top of your laundry. The mix of minerals makes the water slightly alkaline, helping to loosen dirt and grime while being gentle on the skin. The Dryer Egg replaces fabric softener with a much lighter scent, or go fragrance free. Finally, the Detox Tab is a deep clean for your washer, helping you get out the residues and other issues that will inevitably collect with any laundry machine. Each Egg is fully recyclable, so once it's served its purpose, it can be returned to the consumer process. And since the Ecoegg is refillable, it saves space and plastic usually dedicated to bulky detergent bottles or packet containers, making your laundry room that much more planet-friendly. Get the Ecoegg™ Bundle for 210 Washes: Laundry Egg + Dryer Egg + Detox Tab for $29.74 (reg. $42) with code SAVE15NOV in our Pre-Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A Canadian crypto startup is being criticized for opening a bitcoin mine in the impoverished Navajo Nation.  The mine is situated on land owned by the Navajo people outside of Shiprock, New Mexico, according to Vice. The operation itself is owned and run by a Alberta-based crypto firm called WestBlock Capital, and mines between 23 and 25 bitcoins per month — the equivalent of between $1.4 and $1.6 million.  Despite all that revenue, the community surrounding the mine often live in impoverished conditions, with many going without electricity or running water in their houses, Grist reports. Critics say the company is participating in "crypto colonialism" by exploitating land, resources, and people for the purpose of mining crypto. "I think Bitcoin companies prey on communities like my own," Tyler Puenté, a member of the Navajo Nation, told Vice. "My perspective is that we’re being used."   At the heart of the issue is the fact that WestBlock is able to take advantage of the cheap electricity in the area while residents go without it. However, the CEO of the company insists that everything his company is doing is above board and that it’s actually helping the community, because it’s using power that would otherwise have gone unused.  "For us, picking up the offload, we solved a problem for them," Ken MacLean, CEO of WestBlock, told Vice. He told the publication that the mine pays just six percent tax on its power and services, while only employing six to ten full-time workers at a time.  "It’s not massive amounts of numbers, but it’s something," MacLean added. "That’s the nature of the business we’re in." So far, the Navajo Nation has received roughly $48,000 in tax revenue over the three years WestBlock has used its electricity, according to Vice, and land lease revenue of approximately $60,000.  Some in the community say that's not enough to justify the operation, nevermind the environmental costs on the area, since the mine is partially powered by non-renewable sources.  "Even in this Bitcoin project, what happens is these projects are energy-intensive," Carol Davis, a community leader and director of a Navajo environmental activism organization Diné Citizens Against Ruining our Environment, said to Vice.  She added that outsiders "have reaped the benefits for half a century. In all the developments that are happening, our water has been depleted, and our water has been contaminated, and we don’t even have access to our own resources. That’s all we’re trying to fight for." READ MORE: ‘Financial Colonialism’: A Bitcoin Mine in Navajo Nation Flares Tensions [Vice]  More on Bitcoin mining: Bitcoin Mining Company Buys Entire Coal Power Plant Share This Article 
Space startup SpinLaunch has a wild idea: instead of launching rockets vertically from the ground, why don't we spin them inside a massive centrifuge and use that built up energy to slingshot them to high altitudes, where they can kick on relatively small rocket engines to cover the final distance into orbit? After years of media coverage and countless renders of sleek rockets, the small company is finally ready to show off an early prototype of its suborbital accelerator — what essentially amounts to a massive centrifuge built near Spaceport America in New Mexico — and used it to fling a rocket high into the sky. "It’s a radically different way to accelerate projectiles and launch vehicles to hypersonic speeds using a ground-based system," SpinLaunch CEO Jonathan Yaney told CNBC. "This is about building a company and a space launch system that is going to enter into the commercial markets with a very high cadence and launch at the lowest cost in the industry." Despite only being built at one-third scale, the "suborbital accelerator" prototype stands at 165 feet tall. Inside a vacuum chamber, a massive rotating arm spins the projectile to crazy-fast speeds, thousands of miles per hour or several times the speed of sound. In a tiny fraction of a second, the arm then lets go of the 10-foot projectile, allowing it to be catapulted into the air. A video on the company's website shows the accelerator in action, including the team's reaction of the company's inaugural test flight. "We can essentially validate our aerodynamic models for what our orbital launch vehicles are going to be like and it allows us to try out new technologies when it comes to release mechanisms," Yaney told CNBC. Even dialed down to just 20 percent of full power, the accelerator was able to launch a payload to an altitude of "tens of thousands of feet," as the CEO told the broadcaster. The advantage: rather than taking up all the space inside a rocket for fuel to get off the ground, SpinLaunch promises its vehicles could focus their mass on payloads rather than propellants. Where SpinLaunch will go from here remains unclear. In 2019, the company signed a contract with the U.S. Department of Defense. But with the right momentum, so to speak, the company stands a chance of catapulting itself into a red-hot satellite launch market — feet first. READ MORE: Alternative rocket builder SpinLaunch completes first test flight [CNBC] More on SpinLaunch: This Startup Plans to Fling Rockets Into Space With a Centrifuge Share This Article 
The CEO behind the world’s most popular augmented reality game believes that the metaverse is going to be a dystopian nightmare — but wants to help people build a better version of it.  John Hanke, CEO of Niantic, helped usher in a new generation of AR gaming with 2016's "Pokémon Go." However, with the rise of Meta, along with discourse surrounding a VR metaverse reaching a fever pitch, Hanke was inspired to pen an essay in his company’s blog over the summer calling it a "dystopian nightmare." He doubled down on his assertion in an interview with Wired on Monday, but stressed that a better metaverse can be created — it just needs to make the real world cooler, instead of trying to replace it with a candy-coated illusion.  "[VR] takes us away from what fundamentally makes us happy as human beings," Hanke said in the interview. "We’re biologically evolved to be present in our bodies and to be out in the world." Hanke even threw some shade on Meta’s Horizon Workrooms, which would allow co-workers to meet via VR in a digital workplace. "Immersion in a 3D world might be an entertainment experience... But that’s not where you’ll spend the majority of your life," he told the magazine. "I don’t need to make a conference room look like a cartoon Tahiti. That doesn’t make it better for me." This week, Niantic announced the release of Lightship, an augmented reality development kit (ARDK) that will allow developers to build cross-platform AR experiences much like the ones in "Pokémon Go." The platform is already being used to create AR experiences by developers at places like Coachella, Led Zeppelin, the PGA of America, and the Science Museum Group, according to the company's press release.  Now Hanke hopes that it will encourage others to create what he calls "the real metaverse." "What’s different from the VR metaverse is that with ours you have this common structure that is the real world," he told Wired. "The bits get tied to the atoms," he added, sneaking in a reference to classic MIT parlance.  It’s incredibly intriguing that the man who helped create "Pokémon Go" — almost certainly the most successful rendition of a metaverse to date — has such strong feelings against current visions for the metaverse. It makes sense, though. He has a clear financial interest in AR and would like to see a metaverse using the tool be built.  But it's still probably wise to listen to him. After all, Niantic was the company that got everyone everyone to experience a kind of metaverse for the first time, by leaving their homes and actually connecting with each other — one AR Pokémon at a time.  READ MORE: ‘AR Is Where the Real Metaverse Is Going to Happen’ [Wired] More on metaverse: AR Pioneer Warns That Metaverse Could Make "Reality Disappear" Share This Article 
The Mars Desert Research Station (MDRS) uses the Utah desert to simulate life on the Red Planet.  However, the station’s director has found that the biggest issue isn’t coping with the effects of isolation or the inhospitable environment — instead, it’s dealing with annoying tourists.  Dr. Shannon Rupert, director of the MDRS, recently penned an op-ed in Space.com deriding the influx of sightseers who, despite numerous "No Trespassing" signs around the property, have attempted to venture onto the base to get a closer look. While some of the tourists have been polite, she said, there have even been instances in which the MDRS has had to call the local police for help.  "I have spent more time chasing people off the property than welcoming them," Rupert wrote in the essay.  Even more irritatingly, she wrote, some of the intruders are using drones to snap photos of the station for social media clout. Once posted, she said, it becomes a feedback loop wherein other people see it and are inspired to check out the station too — resulting in more social media photos and more tourists.  She described this not only as an invasion of the team’s privacy but also a major distraction to their work.  "Making this Mars simulation as realistic as possible is key to that research," she said in the op-ed, adding that what "hinders that effort are drones filming crew members from outside their windows, or people wandering around the facility, poking their heads in buildings or sitting on the hill just outside the front airlock before daybreak." The MDRS is operated by the Mars Society, a nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting human colonization of the Red Planet. The station allows scientists to live and conduct research on simulated Mars habitats from weeks to months at a time, according to its website.  According to Rupert, their research requires near total isolation from the outside world, as well as suspension of disbelief that can easily be disrupted by outside forces like drones and nosy would-be influencers.  "Future astronauts on the Red Planet will experience a level of isolation that no human has ever gone through, and a large part of MDRS research, led by its crews, focuses on that challenge," she wrote. So if you’re thinking about checking out the MDRS for the 'gram, please do yourself — and the scientific community — a favor and don’t. You might be interfering with valuable work that might help us actually get to Mars one day.  READ MORE: Tourists a (major) problem at Mars analog site [Space.com] More on Mars: NASA Rover Detects Organic Molecules on the Surface of Mars Share This Article 
Bar the occasional school-system-wide rickroll, it's easy to forget how interconnected the world is. Yet just under the surface, Javascript runs almost everything. The 2022 Javascript Developer Bootcamp Certification Bundle offers you a window into that world and a way to be a part of it, and right now, you can save an additional 15% off for a limited time as part of our Pre-Black Friday sale. Taught by professional coders like front-end engineer Rob Merrill and entrepreneur Juan Galvan, all 8 courses in this bundle are built around practical uses for Javascript. Since it's found everywhere, from web browsers to video games, the courses use code-along projects and practical guidance to show you how Javascript is used in the real world, giving you easy ways to test your skills and your mastery of concepts. If you're new to Javascript, or even coding, you can learn from scratch with 3 different courses that dovetail to enhance your skills and build basic competency in Javascript. Once you're done with those, you can move into more comprehensive courses that offer a full view of how it's used in companies across the planet. From there, you can build your own Pac-Man clone to learn how Java drives apps, and design your own Chrome extension to see how it's used online. The bundle closes with a course on becoming a "full-stack" web developer using Javascript, using React, Node, and other tools to create advanced sites with apps and unique functionality. Whether you want to build your coding knowledge, or you're looking to launch a new career, this bundle is an ideal way to get started in Javascript. Get the 2022 Javascript Developer Bootcamp Certification Bundle for $25.49 (reg. $1,600) with code SAVE15NOV in our Pre-Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While airlines work on their robot avatars and spare us the airport completely, right now for many of us it's a question of finding the best flight for the least money. A TravelHacker Premium Lifetime Subscription helps you find the right flights for the right rates, and for a limited time, you can save an additional 15% in our Pre-Black Friday Sale. All TravelHacker needs is your home airport and the routes and regions you most want to keep an eye on. Put in dream destinations, the airport you're meeting your family at this Thanksgiving, and anywhere else you'd like to fly to. And then... that's it. TravelHacker's tools do the rest, finding the flights and sending you alerts whenever there's a deal available. It will even track reopening and travel restrictions for you, filtering out any locations that aren't open. It scans 124 countries and over 3,800 airports worldwide, and supports all airlines, giving you a bird's eye view of every deal, everywhere. Once it finds a deal you want, whether it's an "error fare" or an unexpected price drop, all you have to do is book it. You can use any service to lock in your flight, including SkyScanner and Google Flights, and you buy tickets directly. Savings average from $200 to $500 a flight, and sometimes even steeper with the right timing. You also won't need to install another travel app on your phone. TravelHacker works with any modern browser, so you can stick to the ones you prefer. All you'll need is a Facebook account to join the TravelHacker group. Now that the world is opening up, TravelHacker makes it easy to see all the places you've missed. Get the TravelHacker Premium Lifetime Subscription for $126.65 (reg. $5,000) with code SAVE15NOV in our Pre-Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's been four years since an explosive feature in The New York Times revealed a shadowy program run by the US military and tasked with investigating — yes, seriously — UFO encounters, accompanied by several videos showing the purported encounters. Several pilots have come forward since then to discuss what they saw, which they've often characterized as oddly-shaped objects that appeared to defy the laws of physics as they hurtled through the air. Former Pentagon intelligence officer and self-styled UFO whistleblower Luis Elizondo has publicly spoken of his own experiences, though his credibility has at times been called into question. In a new interview with GQ, Elizondo suggested that pilots who had encountered the craft had ended up with physical symptoms, although his phrasing was ambiguous. "I’ve got to be careful, I can’t speak too specifically, but one might imagine that you get a report from a pilot who says, 'Lue, it’s really weird. I was flying and I got close to this thing and I came back home and it was like I got a sunburn. I was red for four days,'" he told the magazine. The former intelligence officer had his own interpretation of what that could mean. "Well, that’s a sign of radiation," he said. "That’s not a sunburn; it’s a radiation burn." Elizondo even went as far as saying that other pilots experienced the "warping of space time," only using "five minutes' worth of fuel" despite 30 minutes having passed. "And the closer you get to one of these vehicles, the more you may begin to experience space time relative to the vehicle and the environment," he told GQ. Tantalizingly, he also said that there are even more unreleased videos of the strange phenomena. "There’s videos out there [in government, that the public haven’t seen] — there’s one that’s 23 minutes long," Elizondo told GQ. "There’s another one where this thing is 50 feet away from the cockpit." So stay tuned — not necessarily for evidence of UFOs, but certainly for drama. "We’re going to begin sharing information a lot more and I think people may be surprised just how much information is possessed on this topic by other countries," Elizondo added. READ MORE: This man ran the Pentagon's secretive UFO program for a decade. We had some questions [GQ] More on UFOs: Head of NASA Suggests That UFOs Could Be Alien Technology Share This Article 
Depending on who you ask, 2020 closed on a moment of either hope or terror as Boston Dynamics showed off some dance moves from its advanced robots. Whether you're interested in the science behind robotics, or just want to know the weaknesses of our future robot overlords, the WLKATA Mirobot 6-Axis Mini Robot Arm Professional Kit gives you everything you need to learn how robots work. And for a limited time, you can save an additional 15% during our Pre-Black Friday Sale. WLKATA provides robots for educators, designers, and other people who want to develop real-world solutions using robotics. It's sized so you can test approaches on the bench for a lower cost, and get a sense of how a design might function on the factory floor. It also includes a set of interchangeable "hands" to try new approaches and ideas. As a result, it's designed and works just like a real industrial robot, just one you can pick up and move around. It weighs about as much as a laptop, so it's easy to store. And when you start, it positions objects to within .2mm of its target consistently. Pre-assembled using Arduino, you can use the included controller right out of the box, or you can expand on your Mirobot using PCs, mobile devices, and other interfaces to control it. Coding is simple as well. The Mirobot works with both simpler approaches like Scratch and more complex code like Python, and supports GitHub so you can more easily solve common problems and move on to the challenges you're most interested in. Whether you're looking to perform advanced tests, or just want to learn more about robotics, it's the ideal educational tool. Get the WLKATA Mirobot 6-Axis Mini Robot Arm Professional Kit for $1,308.99 (reg. $1,690) with code SAVE15NOV during our Pre-Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Many children in the US appear to be extremely hazy on the details about where the food they eat on a daily basis actually comes from, especially when it comes to meat. In shocking new research spotted by Sapien Journal, scientists found that children are surprisingly terrible at identifying where certain kinds of meat come from. Alarmingly, nearly 40 percent of children interviewed for the research believed that hot dogs come from plants — and more than 46 percent thought french fries were a type of animal. A shocking 41 percent were unable to correctly pinpoint that bacon comes from an animal. The root of the issue may be what is often referred to as the "meat paradox:" the fact that children are aware producing meat products entails animal suffering, while still endorsing the empathetic treatment of animals. This may be the result of parents being hesitant to teach their children where meat products come from, which is a worrying trend given that children's tastes and propensity to eat meat could eventually have significant impacts on climate change. The researchers interviewed 176 children from the US between the ages of four and seven, living in a metropolitan area in the Southeast. Given the limited sample size and specific geographic area, the researchers warn that their results may not be generalizable to "to other age groups or children growing up in other cultures or even regions of the United States." But the kids the researchers did talk to struggled significantly to identify the origin of foodstuffs and especially meats. "With respect to meats, the percent of children claiming that hamburgers, hot dogs, and bacon come from plants ranged from 36 percent to 41 percent," the paper being published in an upcoming issue of the Journal of Environmental Psychology reads. "Even chicken nuggets, a food that has an animal in its name, were categorized as a plant-based food by more than a third of the children in our sample." "Overall, children appear to reject the idea of certain animals as food sources, which we know to be a culturally inaccurate rejection," the researchers wrote in their paper. The findings could bode badly for the future of our planet. Without sufficient knowledge about where food comes from — particularly when it comes to meat products that have a far larger carbon footprint than plant-based foods — the palates and preferences of the next generation are less likely to change for the better. But there's some hope, the researchers say. "Leveraging their moral authority, youth climate activists are gaining both media attention as well as the support of adults," the paper reads, referring to climate activist Greta Thunberg, who is calling for climate action on a huge scale. In other words, we still have a chance to make an impact. "Although they do not yet vote or hold positions of leadership, they do possess attitudes and biases that support environmentally-responsible behaviors," the researchers conclude. "Childhood may therefore represent a unique opportunity during which to establish lifelong habits that help to mitigate climate change." READ MORE: More than a third of children in the US don’t know how meat gets to the table [Sapien Journal] More on meat: California Factory Producing 50,000 Lbs of Lab Grown Meat Per Year Share This Article 
A New York man is in critical condition after dousing himself with hand sanitizer and being set ablaze when a police officer used a Taser on him, Albany's Times-Union newspaper reports — a grisly incident that raises deep questions about law enforcement's wielding of high tech weaponry against the public. The bizarre encounter took place on Halloween weekend when Jason Jones, a 29-year-old man from Catskill, New York, walked into the village's police precinct. Cops told the Times-Union that Jones was familiar to them and said that he "appeared intoxicated" and was the one to start a confrontation. Village of Catskill Police Chief James Darling told the newspaper that officers "were afraid [Jones] was going to hurt himself, and that’s what started it." According to the Times-Union and other local news sources, police have not yet revealed the details surrounding the incident, such as whether they saw Jones pour hand sanitizer on himself or if he did that before arriving at the station. Jones' lawyer Kevin Luibrand told Hudson's Register-Star newspaper that he has requested all documents and security camera footage from the Village of Catskill Police Department to get to the bottom of what happened to his client. Jones is currently being treated at Syracuse's Upstate University Hospital in the burn unit. While Jones' story is gruesome, it's far from the first time someone has been set on fire when hit with a stun gun. In 2017, Axon, the company that makes Tasers, admitted that at least 15 people had been set ablaze after being stunned by their product when near flammable substances. Of those 15, five people died as a result of their burns. In safety instructions geared towards law enforcement, Axon warned that its stun guns "can result in a fire or explosion when flammable gases, fumes, vapors, liquids or materials are present." Law enforcement personnel, the manual continues, should avoid using Tasers around flammable substances because the situation "could result in death or serious injury." While stun guns such as Tasers are considered "less lethal" or even "nonlethal" weapons that can incapacitate people, there have been numerous safety concerns about them in the nearly 30 years they've been on the market. Along with the risk of setting people ablaze, there's been mounting concern about police killing or maiming people who use drugs or have certain health conditions using stun guns. In other instances, people who were otherwise healthy and not under the influence have died or been seriously injured when police used stun guns in tandem with asphyxiation or other methods of extreme force. In 2018, a Reuters analysis found that more than 1,000 people had died after being shocked by Tasers, usually when other forms of force were deployed as well. The makers of Taser have used the dubious diagnosis of "excited delirium" — a supposedly adrenaline-induced state of agitation and psychosis that results in sudden death that does not appear in any edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders and is not accepted by the American Medical Association — to explain why some otherwise healthy people have dropped dead when being stunned with their products. Critics, however, counter the questionable diagnosis as an excuse for racism and police brutality. And hovering over the entire debate, of course, are larger questions about the role of police in society — and, in particular, why their interactions with people in crisis so often escalate or turn deadly. Read more: Catskill man burst into flames after police tasered him [Times-Union] More on stun guns: This Futuristic Non-Lethal Weapon Will Electrocute Your Enemies  Share This Article 
When two black holes — or one black hole and a neutron star — get sucked in to each other, they generate one of the most violent and energetic events in the known universe. These events called gravitational waves were famously first predicted by Albert Einstein, who suggested that the energy released would be so large they could disrupt the space-time continuum itself. Since detecting the very first one back in 2015, scientists have been detecting more and more, thanks to an international team of researchers and equipment that's creating a paradigm in our quest to understand how stars live and die in our universe. In the latest finding, according to a yet-to-be-peer-reviewed paper spotted by ScienceAlert, the team spotted a whopping 35 of these events between November 2019 and March 2020. Using the Advanced Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory (LIGO) — the world's biggest gravitational wave observatory, which is actually made up of two observatories over 1,800 miles apart — and Virgo, a smaller instrument located in Italy, the team was able to track down a shocking number of them. "These discoveries represent a tenfold increase in the number of gravitational waves detected by LIGO and Virgo since they started observing," said astronomy professor Susan Scott from the Australian National University and co-author of the paper, in a statement. "We've detected 35 events," she added. "That's massive! In contrast, we made three detections in our first observing run, which lasted four months in 2015-16." Most, 32 to be exact, are suspected to be the result of black holes merging, forming a massive new hole. These newly created supermassive black holes can balloon into gigantic structures clocking in at over 100 times the mass of the Sun. Some, however, are likely the result of a neutron star, the dead remains of a star, colliding with a black hole. "The excellent sensitivities of the detectors have allowed for the observation of so many more exciting gravitational wave events, including the first ever confident neutron star-black hole binary detection," said Madeline Wade, assistant professor at Kenyon College, co-author, in a separate statement. While we've confirmed their existence, neutron stars remain mysterious. We still don't quite know how small or big they can get, precisely how they're formed, or exactly what they're actually made of. Still, the new discoveries mark a profound moment for astronomers everywhere. "This really is a new era for gravitational wave detections and the growing population of discoveries is revealing so much information about the life and death of stars throughout the Universe," Scott added. READ MORE: Astronomers Detect a 'Tsunami' of Gravitational Waves. Here's Where They're Coming From Share This Article 
It's not every day that Tesla decides to contact regulators about a serious issue with its self-driving software. Late last month, Tesla reported an issue with its Full Self-Driving software to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), officially recalling nearly 12,000 affected vehicles. The timing of the recall couldn't be worse for the company, as The Washington Post points out in a scathing new report, and could even represent a turning point in the strained relationship between Tesla and government regulators. Back in August, the NHTSA announced it had opened a formal investigation into Tesla’s Autopilot assisted driving software. Then last month, the NHTSA wrote the company a letter, noting its concern over self-driving features being tested on public streets and warning Tesla that it needed to accompany any changes with appropriate recalls — a request Tesla appears to have taken to heart. Tesla owners had started noticing changes being made to their cars' self-driving features, including one user, Kevin Smith, who noticed that emergency braking and forward collision warning functions were mysteriously turned off after the latest over-the-air update. "Dear Elon Musk, are you in there crossing the streams? I didn’t change this brah," Smith wrote in a October 24 tweet. "This isn’t ok without any communication. Communication is not hard. I’m doing it now." "He was screaming ‘Do not use it! Do not use it!'" Smith told WaPo, recalling another beta tester telling him not to use the software after the update. "'We are trying to wake up the folks at Tesla, trying to get the word to Tesla.'" Other users noticed false crash warnings, and even their vehicles swerving into pedestrians. Another tester remembered "a pretty dramatic slamming of the brakes" in an interview with the Post. "For that to trigger undesirably at high speeds is an incredibly dangerous event." At first, Tesla acted like the situation was business as usual. "Regression in some left turns at traffic lights found by internal QA in 10.3," Musk tweeted late last month, promising the update would be pushed to users a day later. To Musk, potentially life-threatening situations caused by software that isn't quite ready yet are "to be expected with beta software," according to an October tweet. "It is impossible to test all hardware configs in all conditions with internal QA, hence public beta." The CEO has also repeatedly claimed over the years that its software is safer than humans making the decisions behind the wheel — but he's also the first to admit that self-driving "is a hard problem," as he wrote in a July tweet. For now, despite the warnings and increased scrutiny by regulators, Tesla is forging ahead with its Full Self-Driving beta, though the recall could signal changing tides inside the company. The company noted in a October 29 update that it was aware of the issues, claiming it had "investigated the reports and took actions to mitigate any potential safety risk" in "a matter of hours." Overall, the automaker seems to be increasingly aware that all eyes are on it. It's still not clear, though, what it might take for regulators to intervene and take half-baked self-driving software off public roads. The recent incidents illustrate that one buggy over-the-air update could have disastrous consequences. Musk has long been of the opinion that regulation stifles innovation. But is cutting-edge, self-driving innovation really worth risking lives over? READ MORE: Tesla’s recent Full Self-Driving update made cars go haywire. It may be the excuse regulators needed. [The Washington Post] Share This Article 
Former NASA astronaut Garrett Reisman says he feared he was going to drown during a spacewalk, when a malfunction threatened to fill his spacesuit helmet with water. "Astronaut Tip #217: Make sure your bite valve is firmly attached to your water bag straw," he tweeted this week. "When I saw mine float by INSIDE my helmet I was less than thrilled at the thought of becoming the first astronaut to drown during a spacewalk." According to NASA documentation, its spacesuits contain a drinking bag that astronauts can access by biting down on a tube. Needless to say, though, Reisman survived to tell the tale. He left NASA in 2011 for a position at SpaceX, where he's still an adviser, and he now teaches astronautical engineering at the University of Southern California. "Fortunately, the surface tension proved to be enough to keep the majority of the water in the bag," he added. Though Reisman appears never to have spoken previously about the harrowing experience, he's not the only astronaut to experience a near-drowning space. During a 2013 spacewalk with NASA astronaut Chris Cassidy, Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano's drinking bag also started to leak into his suit — this time, it seems, even more severely. As Parmitano's helmet filled with water, he "I started going back to the airlock and the water kept trickling," Parmitano recalled. "It completely covered my eyes and my nose. It was really hard to see. I couldn't hear anything. It was really hard to communicate. I went back using just memory, basically going back to the airlock until I found it." NASA was alarmed by the incident, eventually issuing a full report. "I would say of all the EVA issues we've encountered to date, this is probably the most serious one that we've encountered," a NASA spokesperson said of the incident in 2014. "I don't know of any other failures that have had this potential hazard associated with them." It's not clear specifically which spacewalk Reisman was on when disaster nearly struck. According to NASA, he took part in three spacewalks between 2008 and 2010 totaling more than 21 hours. More on spacewalks: Russians Search Exterior of ISS For Signs of Sabotage on Spacewalk Share This Article 
Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk waded deep into tax and wealth discourse this weekend, saying that he was open to selling what amounts to $21 billion in Tesla stock — and that he'd actually do it, depending on the results of a Twitter poll. "Much is made lately of unrealized gains being a means of tax avoidance, so I propose selling 10 percent of my Tesla stock," the mercurial billionaire tweeted on Saturday afternoon. "Do you support this?" As of Sunday morning, just over 57 percent of 3.1 million respondents had voted that Musk should indeed sell the stock. Musk is a chronic memelord, but the stunt wasn't just another joke, he insisted. "I will abide by the results of this poll, whichever way it goes," he tweeted in followup. Musk has become fabulously wealthy over the past few years, rocketing ahead of the former world's richest person, Jeff Bezos, to a staggering total of more than a third of a trillion dollars as of this past week. Because most of those riches are tucked away in stocks, Musk doesn't get taxed under current rules unless he sells. "Note, I do not take a cash salary or bonus from anywhere," he added on Twitter. "I only have stock, thus the only way for me to pay taxes personally is to sell stock." Of course, that's a somewhat self-serving framing of the issue. The reality he stridently opposed a rule that would tax billionaires based on unrealized gains as recently as two weeks ago. In general, you get the sense that Musk doesn't think governmental organizations are efficient at allocating money. This past week, in fact, he got into one of his relentless feuds with the director of the United Nation’s World Food Program, who had urged billionaires to contribute funds to feed some of the world's hungriest people. "If WFP can describe on this Twitter thread exactly how $6B will solve world hunger, I will sell Tesla stock right now and do it," Musk tweeted in that particular tiff. "But it must be open source accounting, so the public sees precisely how the money is spent." Not everybody was thrilled with Musk's latest gambit. "Looking forward to the day when the richest person in the world paying some tax does not depend on a Twitter poll," said Berkeley economist Gabriel Zucman Gabriel Zucman. But Musk, ever the meme poster, posted a track called "HighRoller" — an apparent reference to putting his financial fate in the hands of Twitter — by the iconic electronica duo The Crystal Method. More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk Deletes Sexist Tweets Share This Article 
While we're closer to replacement ears than you might think, there's no substitute for caring for the ones you already have. The SPADE MINI Smart Ear Wax Remover helps you keep your ears clean and monitor your ear health, and for a limited time, you can save an additional 15% in our Pre-Black Friday Sale. Cotton swabs aren't good for your ears. Instead of removing excess sebum (aka earwax), they tend to push it deeper or compact it into a mass that's harder to get out. They can even, in extreme circumstances, get stuck or penetrate the eardrum. And they're even worse for the planet. They pollute waterways, wind up in the stomachs of animals and humans, and can linger for years depending on the materials used. The SPADE MINI solves these problems and gives you more tools to protect your hearing. A 3-megapixel camera streams wirelessly to your phone, so you can monitor your ear canal for injury, signs of infection, and other data you can record and email to your doctor. 6 LEDs give you all the light you need to see. It also comes with six soft silicone tips you can use to scoop out excess wax, with four different shapes to remove clumps and compacted masses. The charger also serves as a dock and a storage base, so you can keep it out of the way, with an attractive matte finish in blue dawn. Each charge also lasts up to 60 days, so you can take your SPADE MINI with you on trips or to work, as needed, and keep track of your ears. Get the SPADE MINI Smart Ear Wax Remover for $33.99 (reg. $62) with code SAVE15NOV in our Pre-Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A NASA astronaut stationed aboard the International Space Station acknowledged this week that a design flaw in the toilet built into SpaceX's Crew Dragon module will force she and her colleagues to use diapers during their upcoming return journey to Earth. "Yes, we are unable to use the toilet on Dragon for the return trip, and of course, that's suboptimal," McArthur told reporters on Friday, according to Space.com. You might remember some drama during SpaceX's first space tourism launch, back in September, when it was widely reported that the civilian crew of Inspiration4 ran into some trouble with the spacecraft's waste management system. Then, in October, it emerged that an engineering problem with Crew Dragon's commode had been leaking human waste under the craft's floor — and not just in the particular Crew Dragon module used on the Inspiration4 mission, dubbed Resilience, but apparently throughout the entire fleet (there was seemingly no danger to the craft, leading one space reporter to quip that "Crew Dragon appears to be resilient to piss.") Still, the debacle means that SpaceX needs to upgrade the lavatory facilities in every Crew Dragon spacecraft — including the one currently parked at the space station, Endeavor, which SpaceX has no means of servicing until it returns to terra firma. Hence the diapers. Of course, space travel is filled with challenges and discomfort, and it sounds as though McArthur is planning to take things in stride. "But, you know, spaceflight is full of lots of little challenges and this is just one more that we'll encounter and take care of in our mission," McArthur added during her remarks, according to Space.com. "So we're not too worried about it. I think we have a good plan going forward." Intriguingly, fellow NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough also alluded to latrine-related concerns during the same media appearance. In this case, he lamented that due to ongoing delays with yet another SpaceX launch of astronauts to the ISS, it's unlikely that his crew — comprised of himself and McArthur, as well as Japan's Akihiko Hoside and France's Thomas Pesquet — will share any "handover" time with the replacement crew to walk them through the more challenging parts of life in orbit. "A lot of that handover time is just showing little things on living in space — the things we don't get trained on, like eating and going to the bathroom and sleeping and those kinds of little tidbits that we would pass on to the next crew if they were here," Kimbrough said, according to Space.com. But, Kimbrough said, "Mark Vande Hei is certainly capable to do that and get that next crew up to speed," referring to yet another NASA astronaut who will remain on the station after McArthur and Kimbrough's squad departs. READ MORE: The astronauts of SpaceX's Crew-2 mission talk toilet trouble in space and more, but when will they land? [Space.com] More on space toilets: NASA Says It Needs a New Space Toilet for the Artemis Moon Missions Share This Article 
In a mystifying new trend, people are willing to spend an astonishing amount of money on digital pieces of artwork in order to own exclusive rights to them. Non-fungibles tokens, or NFTs, have become a mainstay of the cryptocurrency world, offering those who have plenty of cash or crypto to spare a way to "reinvest" it in what they say is exclusive ownership over what often amounts to not much more than a cartoon image of an angry ape or a whale wearing a top hat. In short, it's not exactly about the artistry — it's about making claims over ownership using blockchain. What exactly are crypto-heads getting when buying an NFT? Beyond often dubious resale value, it's a surprisingly difficult question to answer. Some NFT collectors are upset that vandals are right-clicking on their newly-purchased digital assets and hitting "save as." After all, copying an NFT is often as simple as that. Most recently, Twitter user SaeedDiCaprio got confronted by an investor. "You think it's funny to take screenshots of people's NFTs, huh?" the rando messaged him on Twitter, according to a screenshot he posted of the exchange. "Property theft is a joke to you? I'll have you know that the blockchain doesn't lie. I own it." DiCaprio dug deeper. "I could make a whole NFT collection of screenshots of me right clicking and saving the image and sell it," he wrote in a follow-up tweet. It's an admittedly hilarious exchange that goes to show just how strange — and absurd — the NFT trend really is. It's trivially easy to copy NFT artwork and disseminate it elsewhere. Even the blockchain isn't always able to back up claims of rightful ownership, depending on the platform selling the NFTs. But that's not exactly the point, either. "Even if you save it, it's my property," the upset user wrote in their message. "You are mad that you don't own the art that I own. Delete that screenshot." The artwork in question, titled "Lazy Lions #348," belongs to a collection hosted by OpenSea and bids have surpassed $5,000 at the time of writing. In some circles, the kind of attitude shown by SaeedDiCaprio is being labelled as "right-clicker mentality," Vice reported this week. It's a term first coined by NFT collector and creator Midwit Milhouse, who complained at the time that somebody was cheaply recreating gold-coated steaks online. According to Milhouse, it was a homebrewed version of a steak popularized by internet sensation Salt Bae, who was selling the creation for $2,000 at his restaurant in London. "Sure, you can make your own gold-coated steak for 65GBP, but then you don’t have the satisfaction, flex, clout that comes from having eaten at Salt Bae’s restaurant," Milhouse wrote in a tweet last month. "The value is not in the cost of the steak," Milhouse argued. "It's all about the flex." Right clicker mentality is a term that cuts right down to the crux of the misunderstanding. It's been appropriated, in fact, to mock the entire concept of ownership for ownership's sake, as is often the case with NFTs. Despite the kerfuffle, the tokens are still selling for plenty of cash — and that's also inviting all kinds of shenanigans. Most recently, an NFT developer took off with about $2.7 million siphoned out of an NFT project's funds. And NFT collectors have essentially no recourse in that kind of scenario. As with cryptocurrencies, NFTs are being traded inside a regulatory vacuum. It's the Wild West — and the only real rule is "buyer beware." NFTs are an ostentatious display of contemporary wealth: by owning a simple JPG, collectors are hoping to invest their money, while also status signaling. But that doesn't amount to much for those who aren't operating within those circles. The mockery, justified or not, will likely go on as long as NFTs are still being traded. All told, fully embracing concept of value when it comes to NFTs takes some serious mental gymnastics. No wonder many aren't buying it. READ MORE: What the Hell Is ‘Right-Clicker Mentality’? [Vice] More on NFTs: McDonald's Created a McRib NFT Because We Live in Hell Share This Article 
As we create more data, protecting it has become a focus of both consumer privacy and the law. The 2022 Premium Certified Ethical Hacker Certification Bundle teaches you the skills you need to become a white-hat hacker protecting networks, and you can save an extra 15% with the code SAVE15NOV for a limited time during our Pre-Black Friday sale. Each of these 10 courses is taught by an experienced team of ethical hackers and instructors, such as senior penetration tester Mohamed Atef and computer scientist Zaid Al-Quraishi. Drawing from example attacks and the ones they've fended off as part of their daily work, each instructor uses both theory and code-along examples to show you how to defend devices, networks, and people from hackers and social engineers. The bundle starts with an ethical hacking bootcamp and an overview of the free tools used to test for vulnerabilities. Once you have that grounding, you can move on to learning how Python is used in ethical hacking, and how testers breach websites, from scratch. It's ideal both for those totally new to coding, and coders who want a new perspective on the skills they use daily. From there, you can move into networks, with two courses on how they're invaded and what tools are used, and Kali Linux, a distribution designed to help you piece together what happened when a digital space is broken into and other digital forensics. Finally, for both the career-minded and those with a desire to learn more about cybersecurity, there's a course on the CompTIA Pentest+ certification and the CEH-v11, two certifications you can use to launch a career in cybersecurity. Get the 2022 Premium Certified Ethical Hacker Certification Bundle for $29.74 (reg. $2000) with code SAVE15NOV in our Pre-Black Friday Sale. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's so weird how in a day and age when there are more options for movies and television series to watch than ever that a lot of us often feel like we can't find anything decent to watch. When you're wading in the deep seas of cheesy sitcoms, reality television, finding something that feels relevant, compelling, and thought-provoking is in fact difficult, so once we accept that, finding a solution is easy — a streaming service devoted to great storytelling. As a part of a Pre-Black Friday Sale, you can score a MagellanTV Documentary Streaming Service: 1-Year Subscription for just $30.59 (reg. $59) with code SAVE15NOV. Upon subscribing, your new source for great documentaries will deliver you new weekly content, 4K videos, and a whole year of ads-free streaming all for what a month's worth of streaming with a major provider might cost. Stop scrolling on social media, and up your content intake with some quality and relevance. MagellanTV features documentary collections that go deeper and span broader then what's available on competing platforms. Here you can find series, shows, and features about war, ancient history, science, technology, crime, culture, and more. Across over 1,500 high-quality films from some of the best directors, cinematographers, and producers in the world, you'll never struggle with finding something quality to watch again. Viewers love using MagellanTV. One named Aiya, who has been a member for some time, wrote that she, "Cancelled Netflix because there’s too much unwatchable dross. Magellan is much more to my taste with a vast array of entertaining and informative content.” For just a $30 investment, it's never been easier to give MagellanTV a chance, and broaden your cinematic horizons with a ton of great documentaries. You can score a MagellanTV Documentary Streaming Service: 1-Year Subscription for just $30.59 (reg. $59) with code SAVE15NOV. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Face masks have been key to managing the pandemic, and going forward, they'll be commonplace as a courtesy to keep our germs to ourselves. Yet keeping a mask clean, and keeping one handy, can be a challenge. From the team at Keysmart, the ViralOff® Packable Face Mask is designed to solve both problems with a mask that's easy to pack, wear, and clean. And for a limited time, you can save an extra 15% with our pre-Black Friday coupon, SAVE15NOV. The Polygene fabric this mask is built on is impregnated with silver chloride, which gives off silver ions. The ions punch through the membranes of microorganisms and bind to their vital structures, killing them quickly. From there, they become "zombies," as any other viruses or bacteria they interact with get invaded with the ions and die themselves. Within two hours, 99% of microorganisms in your mask will be toast, so you can put it on confident that you're not spreading your germs. In addition, it's machine washable. So, if you're thorough, or just prefer a slight fabric freshener scent, put it in the laundry with confidence. The convenience with this mask starts with the built-in bag that you can fold it into. Toss it into your bag, put it in your pocket, or clip it to your keychain for when you need it. The mask itself is made with two layers of breathable fabric to block particles while giving you maximum airflow. And you can adjust it quickly with the sliding rubber ear loops to fit firmly but comfortably across your face. With flu season coming up, having a mask with you is important. It helps to protect others and serves as a common courtesy. The ViralOff ensures not only that you'll quickly be able to get one, but that it'll be clean, every time. Get the ViralOff® Packable Face Mask for $18.66 (reg. $29) with coupon SAVE15NOV Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A federal judge has shot down Blue Origin's lawsuit against NASA for its decision to award SpaceX — rather than both SpaceX and Blue Origin — its coveted Human Landing Systems contract. It's a major hit to Blue Origin's tireless legal actions against NASA's decision to choose its competitor, and a major win for SpaceX. The Elon Musk-led company could soon get back to work toward returning astronauts to the lunar surface in a matter of just three years. In true Elon Musk fashion, the billionaire CEO posted a screenshot of the 1995 movie "Judge Dredd" on Twitter with the words "you have been judged" overlaid. Here's the saga so far: NASA is contracting SpaceX to develop a lunar lander for the agency's upcoming crewed trips to the Moon, which are tentatively scheduled to begin as soon as 2024. NASA's decision to choose SpaceX as the sole winner of the HLS contract back in April was met with rage by Blue Origin. The company filed a lawsuit in August against NASA, which ended up turning into a massive setback for SpaceX's plans to develop a lunar variant of its Starship spacecraft. That's because NASA was forced to halt the $2.9 billion contract, ceasing all work. Now, judge Richard Hertling denied Blue Origin's motion for judgement in US Federal Court of Claims, according to a statement obtained by New York Times space reporter Joey Roulette. The judge has now ordered both parties, Blue Origin and NASA, to meet and discuss how to go forward. The decision didn't come as a shock. "No surprise here," space policy expert Casey Dreier tweeted in response. Musk is likely having a good day in light of the decision. Bezos' litigious efforts have been a thorn in the side for Musk, leading to him openly mocking Bezos on a number of occasions. "Turns out Besos [sic] retired in order to pursue a full-time job filing lawsuits against SpaceX," Musk tweeted in August, following news that Bezos was spending less time at Amazon to focus more on Blue Origin's day-to-day operations. In early September, Musk went as far as to suggest that SpaceX should "zap [Bezos] on the head with our space lasers." "He should consider spending some money on actual lunar lander hardware, instead of shady lobbyists," Musk tweeted at the time. Is this end of Blue Origin's efforts to contest NASA's decision? All we can do is wait and see. READ MORE: Bezos’ Blue Origin loses lawsuit against NASA over SpaceX lunar lander contract [CNBC] More on Blue Origin: A Guy Quit Blue Origin and Sent Jeff Bezos a Memo That Tore the Company to Shreds Share This Article 
Hollywood actor Tom Hanks declined an offer to go to space on board Jeff Bezos' suborbital rocket. "Well, yah, provided I'd pay," an incredulous Hank recalled in an interview on Jimmy Kimmel Live, when late show host Jimmy Kimmel asked if the Blue Origin CEO offered him a ride. "You know, it costs like 28 million bucks or something like that." Even for an A-grade Hollywood actor, that's a lot of dough. "And I'm doing good, Jimmy, I'm doing good," he added. "But I ain't paying 28 [million] bucks." He then proceeded to mock the expensive trip, telling audiences that he could easily have the same experience while sitting on his couch at home, while flailing his arms and legs as if he was in zero gravity. The actor has starred in several famous movies that took place in space, most notably "Apollo 13." Earlier this year, veteran "Star Trek" actor William Shatner, known for playing the role of Captain  Kirk, took the 12 minute joyride into the upper atmosphere on board a Blue Origin New Shepard spacecraft — and was clearly shaken by the experience. Hanks' interview is yet another instance of Blue Origin facing some considerable PR headwind. A string of heinous revelations had already sent shockwaves through the private space industry, revealing some ugly truths about the inner workings of the space company. All told, Blue Origin has become something of an industry punching bag, with celebrities downplaying the 12 minute experience and writing it off as a way for billionaires to get face time on TV. Even Shatner's co-star George Takei piled on recently, mocking the 90-year-old's journey into the upper atmosphere. Then famed theoretical physicist Michio Kaku also slammed Blue Origin during a Fox Business interview last month, arguing that SpaceX is running circles — or completing orbits, if you will — around the competition. Hanks, much like British royal family member Prince William, has no interest in blasting off to an altitude of 62 miles — which, besides, is a far cry from orbit. And especially at such an exorbitant price. Celebrities don't seem terribly drawn to the space-lite experience that Blue Origin is offering, especially considering that spending tens of millions of dollars to experience a couple of minutes of weightlessness just isn't exactly the best PR move right now. Humanity has some much larger fish to fry back on Earth. And that could be bad news for private space tourism companies going forward. In fact, last month, space tourism company Space Adventures had to cancel a flight organized under contract with SpaceX since they couldn't find enough rich people willing to buy a ticket. It's up to these companies now to right the ship and regain the trust of the public — or at least address the constant mockery — if they want any chance of becoming a mainstay of the future of tourism. More on space tourism: Bezos Mocked for Announcing “Mixed-Use Business Park” Space Station Share This Article 
A team of researchers at the University of Minnesota Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital claims to have improved the "specific functions" of the human brain by using artificial intelligence paired with electrical brain stimulation. In a study involving 12 patients who were undergoing brain surgery for epilepsy, the scientists say they were able to improve the patients' mental function when stimulating areas of the brain with small amounts of electrical energy. The surgery involves placing hundreds of tiny electrodes across several different regions of the brain to record neural activity and track down the areas where the seizures are coming from. The researchers used all of this data to zero in on a region of the brain called the "internal capsule" that they believe is responsible for cognitive control. In other words, it's the area of the brain that appears to allow us to shift our attention from one task to another. It's a potentially revolutionary treatment for those struggling with mental illness — that is, if it indeed turns out to be effective for the broader public. While the human study's results are impressive, the researchers still have a long way to go to demonstrate the need or effectiveness of  such a severe medical intervention. The goal of the stimulation was to get patients "back in the driver's seat and let them feel a new sense of agency," said Alik Widge, an assistant professor of psychiatry at the University of Minnesota Medical School and coauthor of a paper about the research published the journal Nature Biomedical Engineering earlier this week, in a statement. "An example might include a person with depression who just can't get out of a 'stuck' negative thought," said Widge. "Because it is so central to mental illness, finding a way to improve it could be a powerful new way to treat those illnesses." A machine learning algorithm helped the team isolate the patients' control abilities from their brain activity and their actions. "This system can read brain activity, 'decode' from that when a patient is having difficulty, and apply a small burst of electrical stimulation to the brain to boost them past that difficulty," Widge said. "The analogy I often use is an electric bike," he added. "When someone's pedaling but having difficulty, the bike senses it and augments it. We've made the equivalent of that for human mental function." Participants in the trial reported that their anxiety got better once the system jumped into action, mostly due to the fact that they had more cognitive control and were able to shift their focus better. "This could be a totally new approach in treating mental illness," Widge said. "Instead of trying to suppress symptoms, we could give patients a tool that lets them take control of their own minds." READ MORE: Researchers boost human mental function with brain stimulation [University of Minnesota Medical School] More on brain stimulation: Stanford Scientists Say Brain Magnets Can Relieve Depression Share This Article 
Facebook announced today that it's shutting down its face-recognition system, deleting the unique faceprints of more than one billion users. It's a major attempt to save face, if you will, as users have become increasingly wary of privacy-infringing uses of the technology. It could also be read as a greater admission that Facebook's brand has become increasingly tarnished and practically synonymous with the absence of privacy online for many years now. "We’re shutting down the Face Recognition system on Facebook," an update authored by Jerome Pesenti, Facebook's VP of Artificial Intelligence, reads. "As part of this change, people who have opted in to our Face Recognition setting will no longer be automatically recognized in photos and videos, and we will delete the facial recognition template used to identify them." Pesenti called the move "one of the largest shifts in facial recognition usage in the technology’s history." The company shut down the feature capable of recognizing individual Facebook users' faces back in 2019. Prior to that, about 640 million people opted in to the feature, representing about a third of its the social network's daily active users. But the social media network isn't calling it quits with the tech completely. "Looking ahead, we still see facial recognition technology as a powerful tool, for example, for people needing to verify their identity, or to prevent fraud and impersonation," reads Pesenti's update. "We believe facial recognition can help for products like these with privacy, transparency and control in place, so you decide if and how your face is used," he wrote. "We will continue working on these technologies and engaging outside experts." Pesenti also noted that regulators "are still in the process of providing a clear set of rules governing its use." Of course, that's a bit ironic given the company's considerable lobbying efforts. In fact, according to CNBC, Facebook spent more on lobbying than any other tech company last year in order to influence decisions regarding not just privacy, but a wide variety of other areas including copyright reform, content policies, and taxation as well. Going forward, Facebook will use the tech "privately on a person’s own devices," like how security features work to unlock a smartphone. It's a surprising move that could be seen as Facebook finally opening its eyes to what its product has become in the eyes of the public. Facebook is a company that has experienced a wealth of privacy violations, personal data leaks, and lawsuits. Now, its executives are trying to pick up the pieces by dismantling some of the most egregious efforts to collect personal data. READ MORE: Facebook to shut down face-recognition system, delete data [AP] More on Facebook: Facebook’s Top VR Expert Seems Pretty Annoyed by Metaverse Push Share This Article 
A team of researchers successfully tested a sample of Martian dirt, first scooped up by NASA's Mars Curiosity rover in March 2017, by directing the rover mix it with chemical reagents inside a cup. This mixture then released organic molecules which NASA has never detected on the surface of Mars ever before, Inverse reports. While it's an exciting discovery, it falls short of demonstrating that carbon-based lifeforms once lived on the surface of the Red Planet. It is, however, a step in that direction. "This experiment was definitely successful," Maëva Millan, postdoctoral fellow at NASA’s Goddard Spaceflight Center and lead author of a new study published on Monday in the journal Nature Astronomy, told Inverse. "While we haven’t found what we were looking for, biosignatures, we showed that this technique is really promising," she added. The experiment "has expanded the inventory of molecules present in Martian samples and demonstrated a powerful tool to further enable the search for polar organic molecules of biotic or prebiotic relevance," Millan and her team concluded in their paper. The two chemicals most prominently found in the mixture were benzoic acid and ammonia, both possible indicators of ancient life. "One of the things that we were trying to look for [when searching for] organic molecule on Mars is to understand the past habitability of Mars and to look for bioindicators," Millan told Inverse. The team is now hoping to find the molecules' "parents," or where they came from. Millan and her team suggest in their paper that they could be the result of geological processes. It's not the first time Curiosity has detected organic molecules in Martian soil, but the new discovery is expanding the list of organic molecules detected by NASA. The news comes after an international team of astrobiologists detected a presence of "thiophenes," which are special compounds found in coal, crude oil and white truffles back on Earth, after analyzing samples picked up by Curiosity. The researchers suggested in March 2020 that the thiophenes could be a sign of ancient life on Mars, but more research is still needed. Meanwhile, Millan and her team are hoping NASA's Perseverance rover will shed more light on the organic molecules. READ MORE: NASA just found these organic molecules on Mars for the first time [Inverse] More on Curiosity: Scientists Say NASA’s Mars Rover Is on the Site of Ancient Ponds, Not a Huge Lake Share This Article 
Prior to the arrival of COVID-19, the United States already had over 7 million people working remotely. We don't need statistics to know how that number increased over the course of this year, and it's widely believed that traditional office structures are not the way of the future. Employers and freelancers who want to take advantage of modern technology and trends will guide the future of work towards more flexible office options. From fully remote teams to hybrid working models that call for in-person meetings, some usable meeting space, and an expansive physical presence — the need for widely distributed, well-curated co-working spaces is growing every second. One great example of a modern office space provider, Industrious, is making going back to the office fun, safe, easy, and flexible for professionals around the world. Whether you're an employee, executive, or entrepreneur — if your business lends itself to working remotely, then it's worth doing you and your employees' a favor and taking advantage of a well-built support system. A flexible workspace like Industrious makes it easy to come into the office just a few days a week or to work at different locations around the world. Forget about buying your own furniture, investing in your own security, or even setting up the Wi-Fi. Simplify the traditional lease process, and seek out an all-encompassing office solutions provider. Industrious is a great option, especially because they create fantastic days for members, earning top customer satisfaction scores compared to others across the industry. Its average rating of 4.9/5.0 is also among the highest across Google and Yelp. With over 100 locations around the world, Industrious's international network connects over 50 markets and serves as a platform for bustling startups, famous Fortune 500s, and household names like Pfizer, Salesforce, and Spotify. Industrious is not a typical co-working space, which means it's not an open space where a constant flow of young freelancers stands shoulder-to-shoulder coding the day away. They instead cater to established entrepreneurs and businesses looking to set up shop in a high-quality, versatile professional environment. In addition to its many attributes, this full-service office provider has a limited-time special offer. To get a taste of a twice a week office that can support building a business on your own terms, enjoy a free day of co-working when you take a tour at any Industrious locations. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's almost too perfect. A cryptocurrency called SQUID, inspired by — but certainly not affiliated with — Netflix's most popular TV show of all time, "Squid Game," rocketed into existence last week. First it soared by a whopping 44,100 percent in value in just 72 hours, according to CoinMarketCap, then by another 7,500 percent, to a value of over $2,800 per coin — which, needless to say, was far too good to be true. And indeed, what goes up must come down. As of around 10am Eastern time, SQUID had absolutely imploded, losing 99.9999 percent of its value and dropping to less than one hundredth of a penny, CoinMarketCap reports. In other words, it was a classic get-rich-quick scheme — which is especially ironic, given that "Squid Game" is about a number of unwitting and heavily indebted individuals who risk their lives inside a twisted game to win a massive cash prize. The developers certainly had the last laugh, getting away with an estimated $2.1 million. But it also should come as a warning sign that if a new meme coin on the block sounds too good to be true, it's probably a scam. It certainly wouldn't be the first. The developers of SQUID drummed up enthusiasm, roped people in, and then pulled the rug out from underneath them. That's despite of several red flags, including grammatical and spelling errors in the project's white paper, as CoinDesk points out. The project's official website and Medium account are also fully down as of today. It's still unclear who was behind the scam — and who even is to blame. Administrators of a Telegram group that claimed to be behind the token wrote in a message that "Squid Game Dev does not want to continue running the project as we are depressed from the scammers and is overwhelmed with stress," as quoted by CoinMarketCap. But the individuals certainly knew what they were doing, making it near impossible for people to quit their game. To actually sell off their SQUID, users had to amass 456 SQUID, a feature they claimed to be an "anti-dumping mechanism." Getting their hands on 456 SQUID turned out to be more and more expensive, requiring users to pony up thousands of dollars more as the value of the token rose exponentially. It's not the first crypto scam and it certainly won't be the last. But, as a meme coin that monetized a show that was highly critical of capitalism before taking the money and running, it may well be the most ironic. "I guess this will serve as a valuable lesson for me to not just jump into meme coins," one individual who bought in told CoinMarketCap. READ MORE: 'I Lost Everything': How Squid Game Token Collapsed [CoinMarketCap] More on meme coins: Elon Musk Mocks Dogecoin Crypto Scams Share This Article 
Thanks to a massive deal with a rental car company, Tesla's shares are doing better than ever before — and that has CEO Elon Musk's net worth soaring as well, despite him having already earned the title of richest person in the world more than a month ago. Over the weekend, Musk became the first person to be worth more than $300 billion, an obscene amount of money that some critics say could be put to better use than building electric luxury sedans and developing Mars rockets. That's according to David Beasley, the director of the United Nation's World Food Program (WFP). Just $6 billion, roughly two percent of Musk's net worth, could help "42 million people that are literally going to die if we don’t reach them," Beasley told CNN. "The governments are tapped out," Beasley said. "This is why the billionaires need to step up." "I'm not asking them to do this every day, every week, every year," he argued. "We have a one time crisis, a perfect storm of conflict, climate change, and COVID." The challenge prompted Musk to lay down a gauntlet of his own. "If WFP can describe on this Twitter thread exactly how $6B will solve world hunger, I will sell Tesla stock right now and do it," Musk tweeted on Sunday. "But it must be open source accounting, so the public sees precisely how the money is spent," he wrote in a follow-up. But Musk's interpretation seems to be taking Beasley's comments substantially out of context. The phrase "solve world hunger" can mean a lot of different things depending on who you ask. On the one hand, the phrase could imply ridding humanity from food insecurity once and for all, which seems to be the way Musk is using the term. Beasley's comments on CNN, however, imply that he's talking about saving a subsection of those who find themselves in extremely dire needs during a one-time catastrophe. The 42 million people Beasley is referring to are individuals who are facing Phase 4 emergency levels of acute food insecurity, according to the WFP — in other words, people who are on the brink of death if they aren't assisted right away. The push, including Beasley's appearance on CNN, came ahead of the UN climate change summit (COP26), which kicked off on Sunday in Glasgow, Scotland. It's a dire situation. "Ethiopia, Madagascar, South Sudan and Yemen are among countries where 584,000 people currently face famine-like conditions as climate change intersects with the other huge driver of hunger, conflict — pushing 42 million to the brink of famine," reads a October 29 press release by the WFP. A United Nations report published last week found that a huge chunk of these people are located in Afghanistan, "requiring an urgent international response to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe." The country "is now among the world’s worst humanitarian crises — if not the worst — and food security has all but collapsed," Beasley said in a statement about the report. "We are on a countdown to catastrophe and if we don’t act now, we will have a total disaster on our hands." Musk's kneejerk reaction doesn't exactly paint the billionaire in the best light; it's arguably a response made in bad faith. And his comments aren't surprising, either. The billionaire has long argued that governments and institutions cannot be trusted with spending money. "Eventually, they run out of other people’s money and then they come for you," he wrote in a salty tweet last week, responding to lawmakers planning on taxing billionaires to finance an expansion of healthcare, childcare, and a child tax credit. Philanthropy isn't exactly top of mind for Musk, either. His number one goal is to "get humanity to Mars and preserve the light of consciousness," as he wrote on Twitter last week. So throwing money at one of the stickiest and serious issues facing humanity in the 21st century isn't exactly going to show results right away. But building a rocket capable of moving humans to other planets couldn't be more different a process than disseminating funds to government and non-government actors to ensure fewer people are starving to death. But to ask for specifics on how to "solve world hunger" when Beasley is asking for billionaires to "step up" during a "one-time crisis" feels like narrow-minded thinking that won't result in anybody being better off. More on Musk: Elon Musk Deletes Sexist Tweets Share This Article 
While Siri may have starred with The Rock, it's still best known as the voice command tool behind Apple devices. And, all too often, the voice command tool that demands you repeat your request repeatedly and at increasing volume just to fire up "The Morning Show." If you're sick of yelling at your TV just to get it to work, the Function101 Button Remote for Apple TV & Apple TV 4K gives you back the buttons you so dearly miss. And for a limited time, you can save 15% on them with our pre-Black Friday sale! To address the issues with voice commands, the Function101 returns to old-school remote technology, namely infrared (IR) blasters. Despite the name, these just use quick pulses of light not visible to the human eye to issue commands. And yes, your Apple TV can receive IR commands, as the Function team has tested their remote with all current models. Unlike the headphone jack, it seems there's some old technology Apple is willing to keep around. As long as you have a line of sight to your Apple TV, it'll accept the commands with minimal configuration from up to 39 feet away. With a typical button layout just like other remote, the Function101 is easy to use with both your Apple TV and the television it's connected to. There's a rocker switch labeled "P" that handles unique functions, with a long press up to open the command center and a long press down to open app switching. The black plastic case and silicon buttons make it rugged while also blending in with your other remotes. While yelling at the TV is a long-standing viewing tradition, it really should be reserved for blown leads and dumb statements by politicians. With the Function101, you can focus on the show, not getting the remote to work. Get the Function101 Button Remote for Apple TV/Apple TV 4K for $25.46 (reg. $29.95) with coupon SAVE15NOV. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
FCC commissioner Brendan Carr went on a Twitter rant this week about robodogs, citing apocalyptic science fiction movies and television before ultimately implying — though we're honestly still not sure — that maybe he had just been joking about the whole thing. "I've seen 'Terminator,' I've seen 'I, Robot," he posted, along with a video of a Spot robodog made by Boston Dynamics. "I know how this ends." "That's why I'm hereby proposing a new rule," he continued. "If you're [sic] robot dog is too large to kick over in case of an emergency, it's banned." As one of the most influential tech officials in the country, Carr's remarks were eyebrow-raising. And he didn't stop there, repeatedly hammering his deep credentials of having watched "Terminator," a 1984 flick in which Arnold Schwarzenegger plays a killer robot with a goofy accent. "Listen, if 'Terminator' doesn’t qualify me to propose this rule, then watching 'I, Robot' certainly does," he fired back in response to criticism, going on to speculate that "your account may be a burner account for a robot dog that has gone sentient. In which case, that’s cause enough to accelerate the rulemaking." Pretty soon he caught the attention of Brendan Schulman, VP Policy and Government Relations at Boston Dynamics, who seemed to take his remarks seriously. "Commissioner Carr, our robot’s top speed is 3.6 miles per hour (you can easily outwalk it), and the round red button on the back instantly disables its motors," he wrote. "I would welcome an informative discussion about any concerns." But Carr was having none of it, invoking yet another sci-fi franchise to demonstrate the danger of slow-moving adversaries. "In 'Walking Dead,' the zombies don’t move very fast either," he replied. "They walk — it’s right there in the title. But notice how they’re always right on your heels nonetheless? The speed limit is cold comfort." Of course, this all raises the question of whether Carr was just, well, shitposting. The various tweets also started around 8pm and concluded in the early-morning hours after midnight, leading open the possibility that not every involved was perfectly sober. Or maybe the tweets were tongue-in-cheek allusions to genuine concern. Experts were alarmed earlier this month when Ghost Robotics, a Boston Dynamics competitor, attached a sniper rifle to a robodog. "This crosses a moral, legal and technical line, taking us to a dark and dangerous world," UNSW Sydney AI professor Toby Walsh told us at the time. "Such weapons will be used by terrorists and rogue states. They will be weapons of terror." Meanwhile, Carr's further attempts to address the tweetstorm still didn't help us figure out whether, or to what degree, he was being facetious. "Seriously, though, if someone comes out with 'The Conservative Case Against Kicking Over Robot Dogs' hot take, I'm not having it," he tweeted the next day. "There is nothing more conservative than trying to conserve our very existence." Capping the whole segment off, Carr appeared to address the fracas days later, in a now-pinned tweet that, frankly, we still can't quite decode. "In hindsight, proposing to codify a rule about tipping over robot dogs based on sci-fi movies might not have been the best advice," he wrote. "Here’s a better idea: Simply clothe yourself in satire and *shazam* neither the robot dogs nor their defenders will see you when the apocalypse hits." Another headscratcher. Folks, these are the people running the United States government. More on robodogs: Uh Oh, They Strapped a Sniper Rifle to a Robot Dog Share This Article 
Drones have become so commonplace, we're even using them to make QR codes. If you're interested in taking to the skies with your own robot, but aren't sure where to start, this Black Drone with Dual HD 4K Camera not only is easy to fly, it's on sale for under $80. If you're intimidated by drones, this one is built to get you comfortable with taking to the air. It launches with one touch of a button on the included remote, and can also return with a button press. Everything you need — including the remote, spare propellers, and prop protectors — is included. You even get a screwdriver right out of the box. It also has a headless mode and GPS, as well as altitude holding commands. With those, once you get in the air, you can stay there until you're done. It even folds for easy storage and to take with you, with a battery pack that charges via USB. It's also easy to get great footage from the drone. The front-mounted 4K camera has a 3-axis gimbal to keep shots stable, and electronic image stabilization (EIS) to ensure a smooth shot. The second camera is mounted on the belly and points straight down, letting you capture the layout of any site perfectly. With a range of 1,200 meters, you'll be able to weave between obstacles and create great shots. Shooting is easy to control with the drone's app, which is downloaded with a simple QR code, and lets you see what it's seeing so you can practice your shot. With just a little work, you'll be filming amazing aerial images. Get the Black Drone with Dual HD 4K Camera for $74.95 (reg. $89). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to his bio on Harvard.edu, Mikao John was an erudite scholar: a medical student at the Harvard-MIT Program in Health Sciences and Technology who’d studied statistics and biochemistry at Yale and published research in the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine. John was also a prolific author of blog posts on Harvard’s site, each of which appeared under the words "Harvard University" and the school’s crimson "veritas" seal, and above a message claiming copyright by the "President and Fellows of Harvard College." But despite that veneer of academic authenticity, his posts didn’t sound much like medical research. Instead, John’s recent works carried titles like "KeefX.co: The Cannabis Fintech Company that Provides $1M in Funding a Month," which took the form of an extremely flattering article about a startup that provides financial services to weed businesses, and "Idahome Solar Makes Switching to Solar Power in Idaho a No-Brainer," which praised the "client-first mentality" and "incredible financing program" of a seemingly random solar panel company in Idaho. As it turns out, there is no Harvard student by the name of Mikao John. Instead, a scammer invented that persona — and, alarmingly, managed to obtain the credentials to insert him into Harvard's web system — in order to sell SEO-friendly backlinks, and the prestige of being hyped up by someone at one of the world's most distinguished universities, to marketing firms with publicity-hungry clients. The practice of scammers cooking up fake Harvard students to shill brands on the university’s site appears to be widespread. In response to questions from Futurism, Harvard removed the Mikao John profile as well as about two dozen similar accounts being used for the same purpose. According to emails advertising the scheme obtained by Futurism, a Harvard blog post from a fake student like John can be bought for as little as $300 via PayPal. Some are anodyne, promoting things like hair loss treatments and car insurance. Others are disturbing, like a post on an account that appeared to be halfheartedly impersonating Harvard itself, with the username "Harvard2," that made overtly racist and sexist generalizations about women and advertised a site purporting to sell "mail order brides." In short, swathes of Harvard.edu have become a spammer free-for-all where fake students and other accounts hawk an endless parade of dubious stuff: online casinos, synthetic urine, real estate in Florida, CBD, wireless speakers, coupons, tourism in Krakow, garage door openers, UV sanitizers, DUI attorneys, nutritional supplements, fitness supplements, orthodontists, pet products, more pet products, cannabis delivery, bathroom fixtures, a random moving company in New York, online therapy, concealed carry holsters, kitchen sinks, more kitchen sinks, more kitchen sinks, more kitchen sinks, bitcoin mining, vacuum cleaners, foot massagers, ob/gyn clinics, lawn decorations, bouncy castles, ottoman beds, automotive mechanics, seasonal depression lamps, exercise equipment, more exercise equipment, a realtor in Winnipeg, weighted blankets, home security alarms, roller skates, narration services, keto-friendly snacks, a site for hiring motivational speakers, flatscreen TVs, creatine supplements, fertility doctors, commercial power washing services, and many more incongruous yet trashy brands and services. Basically, it appears that anyone with $300 to spare can — or could, depending on whether Harvard successfully shuts down the practice — advertise nearly anything they wanted on Harvard.edu, in posts that borrow the university’s domain and prestige while making no mention of the fact that it in reality they constitute paid advertising. According to Google's indexing, certain parts of Harvard's site had become almost entirely taken over by low-quality spam before the university started removing the posts in response to our questions. A Harvard spokesperson said that the university is working to crack down on the fake students and other scammers that have gained access to its site. They also said that the scammers were creating the fake accounts by signing up for online classes and then using the email address that process provided to infiltrate the university's various blogging platforms. "Harvard provides several web publishing options to members of our community for academic and business use," the spokesperson told Futurism. "We are aware of a number of cases where individuals have registered for an online Harvard course to obtain the credentials allowing them to create a website, then used the website to post SEO spam." "These cases of unauthorized use are due to misuse of a process, not due to a technical vulnerability," the Harvard spokesperson continued. "We are committed to ensuring Harvard’s web publishing resources remain accessible and easy to use for members of our community, while strengthening our processes to prevent fraudulent use." People involved in placing the blog posts on Harvard’s site expressed little remorse. One of the companies featured in a blog post by Mikao John, for instance, told Futurism that the mention had been secured through a marketing firm called T1 Advertising, which conceded in response to questions that it sometimes pays "media consultants" to plant blog posts on Harvard’s site. Thomas Herd, the founder of T1 Advertising, told Futurism that he saw no ethical problem with the arrangement. "As to the name of the author, the part of the site it's on, the access they have to Harvard, etc, that's all completely out of our control (as T1 has no access directly to Harvard)," he said in an email. "If there was something wrong in how they're publishing blog posts (or if there is issue with the name under which the articles are appearing)," he continued, "then this is the first time I'm hearing about it and responsibility would ultimately lie with the access Harvard has given [the media consultants] or with how they're representing their services to us and numerous other agencies these consultants reach out to offering blog post services." Herd appears to have even leveraged the service to build his own personal brand, in a Harvard blog post titled "Thomas Herd Drives Academic Revolution In Digital Marketing." In the post, which was written to sound as though Herd is being interviewed by an official arm of Harvard University, and which makes no mention of the fact that it was a paid advertisement, Herd brags that his marketing techniques are the "holy grail every brand or company owner seeks." When contacted by Futurism, an operative who Herd said had secured posts on behalf of T1 complained that Harvard had been removing her clients’ posts lately, seemingly in response to Futurism's investigation. But, she said, she had a contact at Harvard who she paid for access to the site — a charge that Harvard denied, citing an internal investigation — and expected access to be restored soon. At first, Harvard’s response to the fake students was surprisingly sluggish. After initially being notified of the Mikao John account, for instance, a spokesperson said that the posts would be removed, but then they stayed up for another two weeks until Futurism sent a followup message. Overall, it felt as though if a reporter hadn’t been sending numerous emails, the fake students probably would have been allowed to continue posting indefinitely. In a broad sense, Mikao John and the other fake students illustrate the perils of user-generated content, a term for when institutions or publications allow community members to post material with little scrutiny. In theory, it’s a nice idea. But when media brands including Forbes and Entrepreneur have leveraged the concept to create "contributor networks," in which unpaid and thinly credentialed writers are allowed to post authoritative-sounding articles about the world of business, the result has often been that those same poorly-vetted writers start soliciting payoffs from marketing firms in exchange for publishing flattering stories about their clients. Harvard's fake student problem seems to be a related issue. By providing a platform for students and other community members to post whatever they want — and by opening the system to anyone who registers for an online class — the university is inadvertently incentivizing a black market in which scammers sell access to its site for SEO and marketing purposes. It’s also worth noting that the ability to post anything you want to Harvard’s site, under the name and credentials of a seemingly-legitimate researcher like Mikao John, could be used to do things far more nefarious than selling CBD and hair loss treatments. It’s not hard to imagine an enterprising scammer shorting a specific biotech company’s stock, for instance, and then paying to place a skillfully-written Harvard blog post attacking its technology, buying reach for the damaging story on social media, and then cashing in on the ensuing controversy. The fake accounts also come in the context of a broader conversation about misinformation online. If an anti-vaccine activist or a political operative had wanted to pay to dispute the effectiveness of the COVID vaccine or undermine confidence in election results in the guise of a Harvard student or researcher, it would have been trivially easy for them to do so. The reality, though, is that nobody involved scheme seemed to grasp how powerful their access actually was — or even to think very hard about the implications at all. For instance, we asked one scammer who was selling access to the fake students whether he thought Harvard would mind what he was doing. "I don't know," he replied. More on Harvard: Harvard Scientist Suggests That Our Universe Was Created in a Laboratory Share This Article 
Sure, the cyberpunk genre was intended as a warning about what we don't want to become, but that doesn't mean it's not fun to imagine stories set in a neon-drenched metropolis full of desperate cyborg hackers. Geeek Club is taking that one step further with 5 models that will draw you into a cyber reverie while teaching you the electrical engineering skills you need to hang with the deckers. Each of these kits comes with all the tools you need to put them together, including safety glasses, a USB soldering iron, soldering wire, and tweezers. Just pop out the pre-printed circuits, follow the instructions, and you'll have a full model arsenal. These nanobots launched the Geeek Club kits. Coming in trading-card size packs, each one offers pop-out parts and different functions to put a robot army at your desk. They're also designed to teach electrical engineering, starting with simpler bots and working your way up. Get the Geeek Club DIY Robot Construction Kit for $125.95 (reg. $129). Modeled on the real-life Apache helicopter, this model has reversible parts, making it simple to choose a red or silver color. Wire in the LEDs to give it your own custom look. and get ready to buzz building-sized video billboards. Get the Geeek Club 3RT Cyber Copter for $99.99 (reg. $109.99). Fans of anti-gravity racing games will surely recognize this sleek racer. Designed to look good, and go fast, it's an ideal model for video game fans and anybody who loves speed. Get the Geeek Club MAT 002 Wipe Racer for $119.99 (reg. $129.99). Hey, just because the droids did the hacking doesn't mean a galaxy far, far away can't be cyberpunk. This 2-legged bot comes in bright yellow to warn anybody not to cross it, and has plenty of lights to configure in just the right style. Get the Geeek Club MXC Two Legs Heavy Sniper for $149 (reg. $159). Finally, never miss a patrol with this intimidating scout ship. Built to fly through the atmosphere, and intimidate any rebels it crosses, it'll keep order anywhere you set it up for display. Get the Geeek Club W4 Scout Recon for $129.99 (reg. $139). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
These days, you can play modern video games in a car's dashboard, but it wasn't so long ago that video games were confined to huge bulky consoles in the den. If you're missing that feeling of playing a 2D classic on the rug downstairs, the Mini Game Entertainment System with 620 Built-In Classic Games brings back that feeling, in a much smaller package. As you can see above, this tiny console has everything you remember, right down to a button you have to push in on the case itself to boot the system. And yes, the reset key is there for those moments of true frustration. The included joypads plug into the system using wires as well, so you can cross the living room with wires, just like back in the day. There is one difference, though: Since this is about the size and thickness of a decent paperback, you can tuck it and the cables into jacket pockets and suitcases to bring it with you. As for the games, you'll find over 600 of them, all of them directly from the era with no changes or alterations. Yes, that does mean you'll probably get stuck on that one level again, but consider it a chance to finally learn how to beat it without your older sibling to help you. This does have one other advantage over the old systems, though, that any adult will appreciate. It uses either traditional A/V ports or HDMI hookups, so you won't need to mess with many wires to get it connected to any TV. Bring it to your next family gathering, set it up in a hotel room for rainy days, or hook it up to a portable device on the road to keep playing. Get the Mini Game Entertainment System with 620 Built-In Classic Games for $36.   Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Wearable augmented reality/virtual reality (AR/VR) tech was once little more than the subject of  sci-fi movies and video games, but in the past few years, they've exploded into life. It’s predicted that AR/VR will completely revolutionize not just shopping and entertainment, but how we communicate, socialize, and interact with the world around us. While Facebook’s Oculus and Google Glass are the two most well-known AR/VR products, the user experience has been unsatisfactory -- either clunky, socially isolating headsets or cyborg goggles that offered limited value. The real boom will arrive when wearable AR/VR tech is inconspicuous and easy to take and use anywhere. Once that is done, AR/VR will be in huge demand with those looking to make their lives infinitely easier. Those who invest early may well see huge returns. One groundbreaking company, Innovega Inc., is aiming to dominate the market by being the first to produce AR/VR contact lenses matched to stylish, lightweight glasses that don’t look different from normal eyeglasses or sunglasses. This isn’t the pipe-dream of a science fiction writer, but something that Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook and Tim Cook of Apple tell us is on the verge of becoming common.  According to the investment brief, ”Innovega has patented, designed and fabricated novel, soft disposable contact lenses that incorporate a powerful micro-lens and nanotech polarizing filters. They are matched to lightweight display eyewear and, as a system, deliver an unprecedented combination of performance and style.” In fact, with just one month in their SeedInvest campaign, Innovega is currently accepting forward-thinking investors who are ready to embrace and accelerate this exciting future. The total market for Innovega’s augmented reality eyewear is huge. Estimates say that by 2025, the AR/VR market will exceed $67 billion! Innovega’s patented and scalable eyewear could re-define industries including healthcare, enterprise, public safety, defense, sports, education, and gaming.  Innovega’s initial focus is the visually impaired, including legally blind. Nearly 60% of Americans and 70% of Asians require corrective vision. For those who are vision impaired or legally blind and prescription glasses and surgery do not work, augmented reality will offer them new vision capabilities, and allow them to gain new independence. Innovega’s AR/VR technology will provide these patients with up to 30x magnification of their surroundings, and on an eyewear display that is up to five times larger than any competitor’s product. The possibilities and applications for the Innovega contact lens and glasses system seem endless. Innovega is not just a cutting-edge technology pioneer, but a savvy business firm. By licensing the augmented reality eyewear and contact lenses to major suppliers and manufacturers, they plan to quickly build channels of distribution and as they scale volumes, expect to be able to bring down the price of state-of-the-art AR/VR and make it accessible for everyday use. Want to shop online while laying by the pool? Record a great concert from the front row? How about virtual meetings that avatar colleagues and friends? Increasingly, these will be possible without computers, smartphones, or robots.  Innovega’s vision is wearable AR/VR technology that is useful, usable and affordable. Your glasses will download apps from Apple, Google, and Facebook like any smartphone, making wearable tech the next great advancement in communication and personal technology. If you want to participate in some of today’s most cutting-edge AR/VR technology, Innovega offers a great opportunity to invest now and be on the ground floor. Lightweight, stylish, and powerful are Innovega’s goals for its next-generation display eyewear. Professionals who have previously held leadership roles at Microsoft, AT&T, Bausch & Lomb, and Intel have all invested in this AR/VR revolution. Will you sit on the sidelines, or will you invest and be a part of the future? This is the last month to own shares in the merging of the physical and digital worlds. Become a part-owner on SeedInvest before the campaign ends on November 12th! Innovega, Inc. is offering securities through the use of an Offering Statement that has been qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Tier II of Regulation A. A copy of the Final Offering Circular that forms a part of the Offering Statement may be obtained from: Innovega, Inc. https://bit.ly/3mT7Jjz Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA Jet Propulsion Lab system architect Casey Handmer is impressed with SpaceX's progress toward developing a rocket capable of sending astronauts to the Moon and even Mars. "Two years ago Starship was a design concept and a mock up," Handmer wrote in a lengthy post on his personal blog about the hyper-ambitious rocket. "Today it’s a 95 percent complete prototype that will soon fly to space and may even make it back in one piece." SpaceX has indeed made significant strides, from launching early prototypes to an altitude of just over six miles to building a giant "Mechazilla" robot tower capable of catching Starships upon their return. The spacecraft's first orbital test could occur as soon as next month, if regulatory approval doesn't end up dragging on. While his blog post's tone ranges from reserved enthusiasm to full-on SpaceX fanboyism, the NASA engineer makes an important point: NASA isn't ready for Starship. "Starship matters," Handmer writes. "It’s not just a really big rocket, like any other rocket on steroids. It’s a continuing and dedicated attempt to achieve the 'Holy Grail' of rocketry, a fully and rapidly reusable orbital class rocket that can be mass manufactured." He was also somewhat excoriating toward his employer, predicting that Starship is going to render many of the agency's grand ambitions moot. "Artemis will continue to limp awkwardly on with occasional half-hearted press releases, Eric Berger scoops, and middling budgets," he wrote. "At some point Starship will demonstrate an automated Lunar landing and return with a few tonnes of Moon rocks and either NASA will have branding rights, or they won’t." The NASA employee argues that Starship operates on a completely different level than any rocket coming before it. "It is time to raise the scope of our ambition and think much bigger," Handmer argues. For instance, he says, thanks to its tremendous capacity, a 1000-person base could be constructed on the surface of the Moon. "We probably won't, but we could," Handmer writes. He even goes on to argue that NASA's Artemis program, with the goal of returning astronauts to the lunar surface for the first time since the Apollo missions, isn't designed to fully take advantage of what Starship has to offer. That's because "Starship is still not understood at the organizational level," Handmer argues. NASA selected SpaceX as the sole winner of its Human Landing Systems program, awarding the Elon Musk-led company a $2.9 billion contract earlier this year that tasked the company with building a lunar variant of Starship. The space agency is requiring Starship to deliver astronauts to the lunar surface and as soon as 2024 — but that's only scratching the surface of what the launch system can do. "NASA is in the midst of the biggest opportunity since its founding in 1958," he concludes. "We could have every NASA center churning out world-building machines by the truckload, building critical infrastructure that forms the backbone of humanity’s leap to a multiplanetary civilization." In all, Starship could represent a tectonic shift in space exploration to Handmer. "It may take a year or three," he wrote, "but Starship will happen and it will change everything." READ MORE: Starship is Still Not Understood [Casey Handmer's Blog] More on Starship: SpaceX Shares Spicy Video of Its Mars Rocket Being Tested Share This Article 
During today's announcement, Facebook revealed that it's rebranding itself as "Meta" — a huge play to virtual and augmented reality technologies, in an effort to replace users' reality wholesale. In a tech demo, Facebook execs showed off impressive augmented reality versions of their own physical bodies — credit where credit is due — in the form of uncanny renderings that had an impressive amount of detail, down to the pores of their skin. It's a wild conceptualization of an augmented reality future, but as CEO Mark Zuckerberg himself admitted, the technology is still years out — that is, if the laws of physics will even allow it in the first place. Facebook hardware insiders told The New York Times tech reporter Mike Isaac that "this is going to take a long time, i.e. breakthroughs in physics, etc." according to a tweet. In simple terms, Facebook may have egregiously oversold its promises when it comes to hanging out with your best mates inside a Facebook-hosted metaverse. Technical challenges so profound that they'll require new understandings of physics aren't going to make it easy for Facebook to bring its products to the market any time soon. And without the hardware, Facebook doesn't have much to show for its cozy parallel reality, a walled garden it will likely want full control over at the end of the day. Of course, that's a limited number of employees talking to one reporter. And it does sound as though Facebook — or uh, sorry, Meta — is planning to throw some immense resources behind the effort. It's worth noting that Facebook has dabbled in virtual and augmented reality over the past few years, bringing some widely-respected virtual reality headsets under its Oculus brand to market. But the best of those headsets are still clunky, and they come with a limited ecosystem of apps and experiences. To succeed at the metaverse, the company will have to go much farther. Oh, did we mention Facebook retired that brand today? Facebook also recently attempted to wade into the mainstream wearables market with a collaboration with Ray-Ban. But the product couldn't be more different than what Facebook showed off today. It's a plastic pair of glasses with a smartphone camera attached to it — which is not exactly going to fool anybody into thinking their best friend is sitting next to them on their couch. With today's tech demo, Zuckerberg is likely attempting to distract from a pretty ugly truth: the Facebook brand is incredibly tarnished in the year 2021, with regulators, lawmakers, and even entire governments calling it out for failing to reign in — and even unintentionally promoting — hate speech on its platform. Perhaps Zuckerberg is showing off fun tech to replace reality because Facebook's current reality is looking pretty grim. More on Facebook: Facebook Changes Name, Announces VR Layer Over Reality Share This Article 
It’s official: Facebook’s new name is Meta. CEO Mark Zuckerberg made the announcement at the end of the company’s Connect conference, which was dedicated to its grand vision for its augmented and virtual reality products. In his concluding remarks, he stressed the company’s focus on developing its metaverse before announcing the name "Meta."  "Over time I hope that we are seen as a metaverse company," Zuckerberg said. "I want to anchor our work and our identity in what we’re building towards." "Our mission remains the same; it’s still about bringing people together," he added. Ahead of Facebook’s big product event on Thursday, the company covered up its iconic "like" sign outside of its offices in Menlo Park, California with a giant canvas that also shows the thumbs up symbol. This threw fuel onto the raging fire of speculation that the social media giant planned to adopt a new name.  The sign at Facebook's HQ is currently covered by a canvas presumably in anticipation of its name change.  Any last guesses before the reveal? pic.twitter.com/m178QXrX4F — Morning Brew ☕️ (@MorningBrew) October 28, 2021  Interestingly, Meta was a name speculated by the company’s former civic integrity chief Samidh Chakrabarti last week.  "My best guess for the new name: ‘Meta,'" Chakrabarti wrote on Twitter. The tweet proved to be downright prescient as the company is now shifting its focus to pursue its ambitious goal of establishing a metaverse.  Throughout the Connect conference, Zuckerberg unveiled the company’s latest innovations in VR and AR technology. He also dove deeper into his goals for the metaverse and Meta’s future.  The metaverse itself looks to be a massive, new online platform that'll allow users to create digital avatars, work from virtual offices with remote coworkers, and even use holographic versions of themselves to play games and hang out with friends. It also appears to be focused on creating detailed overlays over existing physical spaces. The platform will also include a virtual version of Facebook Marketplace, where you'll be able to sell digital products and services. "We have a new north star: to help bring the metaverse to life," he said. "And we have a new name that reflects the full breadth of what we do and the future we want to help build." More on Meta: Is This Facebook's New Name? Share This Article 
It didn't come as a shock when Tesla CEO Elon Musk criticized a plan to tax billionaires earlier this week over a plan to tax billionaires. The billionaire — who also happens to be the richest person in the world — has other goals in mind for his tremendous wealth: making humanity interplanetary. "My plan is to use the money to get humanity to Mars and preserve the light of consciousness," he tweeted today. Thanks to Tesla closing a massive deal with rental car company Hertz this week, Musk's personal net worth is closing in on $300 billion — which, just to be clear, is an absolutely obscene amount of money, despite the majority being tied up in shares. Musk also resorted to a common conservative talking point: that the ultra-wealthy can only pay so much. "US national debt is ~$28,900 billion or ~$229k per taxpayer," Musk argued in a tweet on Wednesday. "Even taxing all 'billionaires' at 100 percent would only make a small dent in that number, so obviously the rest must come from the general public. This is basic math." Ironically, Musk has often relied on government spending to grow his businesses, including a $465 million loan from the US Energy Department in 2010, as Fortune points out. And NASA's Human Landing System contract to develop a lunar lander also netted SpaceX a $2.9 billion contract, paid out over a number of years. Musk may have the last laugh — but not because of his tweets. The billionaire taxation plan is facing criticism from within the Democratic party, putting it on shaky ground. The SpaceX CEO has long been of the opinion that the best thing humanity can accomplish is to establish bases on other planets, especially Mars. But has Musk forgotten about Earth? His tremendous wealth could have a tremendously positive impact back on our home planet. Musk's net worth increased by over $36 billion this week. Just $6 billion of that could help "42 million people that are literally going to die if we don't reach them," the UN's World Food Program chief David Beasley told CNN. "It's not complicated." READ MORE: Elon Musk to Congress: Drop the billionaire tax. It will only mess with ‘my plan to get humanity to Mars’ [Fortune] More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk Mocks Dogecoin Crypto Scams Share This Article 
Take this, flat-Earthers: The entire planet rolled over on its side 84 million years ago, before correcting itself and flopping back up. Or so goes the argument of a new paper published in Nature, attempting to once and for all settle the debate over what's called "true polar wander," which is the process by which a planet or a moon's various layers shift around, resulting in the location of said planet's or moon's magnetic poles wandering around. If you're worried that it takes being a galaxy-brained bong rip of a human to understand this concept, we can assure you: Yes. But we'll do our best to explain. So, Earth: It's made of a few layers, right? You've got your center, a solid metal core at the very center, and surrounding that, a liquid metal core which together are responsible for the planet's magnetic field. Around that comes the mantle, about 1,800 miles thick, made of rock, but softer than the metal core. It's pretty stable, but over thousands of years, it can shift around like a viscous liquid (think glue, honey, or taffy). Above that mantle, you've got the Earth's crust, which is what you live on top of, right now. If the planet were a cake you sliced into, the crust wouldn't even be the frosting, but a dusting of powdered sugar that makes up less than 1 percent of the total volume. And you already know these layers can move around, which accounts for earthquakes (tectonic plates shifting) and continental drift (the continents moving around over time). What the international team of scientists behind the new research are proposing is that 84 million years ago, in the Late Cretaceous period, the entire mantle and crust was rotating around that liquid core, and got so ass-over-teakettle that if you — an infinite celestial time-space being with nothing better to do than watch planets — looked at Earth from space for several million years, it would've looked like we tipped over on our side, and then, went back. And how, exactly, did they figure that one out? The answer is in geology. This is the coolest part: The positions of Earth's magnetic poles can be reflected via the magnetism of certain rocks on the planet (or "paleomagnetic data"). And by examining fossils — and not just any fossils, but fossils of bacteria, which include the mineral magnetite, the most magnetic of all the elements on Earth. Tracking those rocks down wasn't easy, but they found some in central Italy's Apennine Mountain range, smack in the middle between Rome and Florence, which is where Caltech and Tokyo Institute of Technology's Joe Kirschvink and the Institute of Geology and Geophysics in Beijing's Ross Mitchell went hunting. Fun fact: Rocks in the area that weren't as old as the ones used in this study once helped scientists prove out theories about asteroids that killed the dinosaurs. And, sure enough, the rocks show something like a 12 degree tilt in of the planet 84 million years ago. Then it seemingly righted itself again, for a grand total of something like 25 degrees of tilt over 5 million years. As for the practical implications of knowing the Earth wobbled like a dumb drunk eons ago, only to right itself? Well, they think true polar wander may be responsible for the Ice Age, but moreover, it's yet another thing to rub in the face of the dumbest people you know, Flat-Earthers, or to explain to everyone at your next dinner party, smug and secure in knowing that you understand how one goes about using "paleomagnetic data" in this world. Beyond that, it's yet another step in understanding the mysteries of our existence as quite literally demonstrated by this "godless rock that refuses to die." Read More: Did the Earth tip on its side 84 million years ago? [Tokyo Institute of Biology] Original Paper: A Late Cretaceous true polar wander oscillation [Nature] Share This Article 
The internet is teeming with cryptocurrency scams. It's booming business, with US consumers reporting more than $80 million in losses between October 2020 and May 2021 alone, according the Federal Trade Commission — a tenfold increase year-over-year. Scams have become endemic. Even websites teaching users how not to get scammed in the crypto world are getting targeted and replaced with scams. Tesla CEO Elon Musk is no stranger to these schemes. Countless scammers have long targeted his Twitter mentions with cryptocurrency scams, promising massive returns for small "investments." Earlier this year, a man in the UK even lost half a million dollars worth of Bitcoin to a Musk-themed "crypto giveaway" scam. Musk took to Twitter on Wednesday to make light of the issue, though. "If I send you 2 Doge, will you promise to send me 1 Doge?" Musk tweeted sarcastically. It's a common scheme: scammers promise a big payout, often doubling an investment, by first asking for a small amount of money, usually in the form of crypto like Bitcoin. It appears that Musk was riffing on that formula with his own tweet, which suggested a much worse deal. The billionaire CEO was responding to Billy Markus, founder of alternative cryptocurrency Dogecoin, who had some pretty decent advice: "There are no promises in crypto, except from scammers," Markus wrote in a tweet. "The people telling the truth will tell you that it's just all about risk," he added. "Your profits only come from other people taking their own risk. if you lose money, you paid for someone else's risk." Markus argued that it's ultimately "your choice" to take risks when investing in crypto — which only underlines just how risky investing in blockchain currencies is in the first place. In the absence of any serious attempt at regulation, at least in the US, scammers have had carte blanche to target people on the internet with abandon — while also being able to hide behind a wall of anonymity inherent to crypto trading. As has always been the case, it's a high risk and high reward game that has made many rich, but many others worse off. Making matters worse, crypto scams won't go away overnight, especially without a serious crackdown. And even stringent policing probably wouldn't eliminate them entirely. Which means that for now, cryptocurrency investors, and particularly those who are new to crypto, will have to watch out for anything that sounds too good to be true. More on crypto scams: Bitcoin.org, Which Taught Users Not to Get Scammed, Gets Hacked and Replaced With Scam Share This Article 
Now that Apple Pay has so many options, making payments is smoother and more secure than ever before. But that’s no reason to pay more than you have to when making purchases online. Capital One Shopping is offering a free and easy way to save money while shopping online even if you aren’t a Capital One customer. After unsuccessfully searching for discount codes so many more times than finding one that works, it’s tempting to just give up trying to find your products at a cheaper price. Well, now you no longer have to choose between saving money and saving time. Installing the Capital One Shopping desktop browser extension only takes seconds and works with all major browsers. It allows you to save with just one click by automatically adding discount and coupon codes to the items in your cart, which is a big help all by itself, but it also helps you to save time and money in other ways.  When you look at a product page on Amazon or Target, you will be automatically notified if that item is available at a cheaper price from a different website. If it is, you will be provided with a link as well as different shipping prices. This means you won’t have to pay more than necessary when you buy. You can also create a Watchlist and add products to it, so that you will be notified when their prices go down. It’s even possible to see a timeline of the prices of a product over the course of 12 months. All of these features combined make Capital One Shopping a virtually effortless way to save, but one of the most important features of the service is that you can accumulate Capital One Shopping Rewards with each purchase. These can be redeemed as online gift cards. Basically, that means you are not only saving when you buy, you are earning toward future purchases at the same time. It’s really never been easier to stop overpaying online. Now you can save both time and money with just one click, by using the app or with a simple installation of the Capital One Shopping extension on your browser. Since millions of users on the Chrome Web Store have given it a 5-star average rating, you know it works. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
After seeing his net worth soar past a quarter trillion dollars — that's 12 zeros, in case you're counting — Tesla CEO Elon Musk took to Twitter to whine about a dead-on-arrival plan to tax billionaires. The proposal, by Oregon Lawmaker and Chair of the Senate Finance Committee Ron Wyden, would raise the taxes on about 700 billionaires in the United States to finance an expansion of healthcare, childcare, and a child tax credit. But Musk isn't ready to part with any of his enormous pile of money — he'd owe about $50 billion over the plan's first five years, according to The Washington Post's estimate  — to fund those kinds of initiatives. "Eventually, they run out of other people's money and then they come for you," he wrote in a salty Monday tweet. The ultra rich have dodged taxes for decades by relying on gains from securities that aren't taxed unless they sell them, which they aren't often motivated to do. In fact, leaked Internal Revenue Service data obtained by ProPublica earlier this year showed that Musk managed to pay zero dollars in income taxes in 2018. The anti-tax sentiment is probably to be expected from Musk, who's in the process of moving much of his companies' operations from California to Texas, a tax and regulations haven that could beef up his considerable wealth even more. "The tricksters will conflate capital allocation with consumption," Musk whined on. "Who is best at capital allocation — government or entrepreneurs — is indeed what it comes down to." According to recent research, the top one percent of American earners squeezed about $50 trillion out of the bottom 90 percent between 1975 and 2018 — a staggering shift in wealth distribution. In simple terms, the current ways of distributing wealth are heavily favoring top earners like Musk. Wyden's proposed plan would have the wealthiest ten Americans, who collectively own $1.3 trillion, pay out a total $276 billion in taxes, according to WaPo. Subsequent payments would be far less, as the taxes initially fall on the billionaire's lifetime earnings. Musk's complaints will probably be moot, because the Democrats' plan to tax the rich is even facing criticism from within the Democratic party itself. And regardless, experts suggest billionaires could easily skirt around Wyden's plan by creating even more private companies and moving their publicly-held stock there. "I like the politics of it, yeah, I think it’s sensible," means committee chair Richard Neal (D-MA) told the Post. "I think the implementation of the plan may be a bit more challenging." Taxing the rich has seldom been a politically popular move, particularly in the US. But given the country's crushing wealth inequality, it's a desperate situation. Having Musk and his fellow billionaires ridicule attempts to even the playing field just a little certainly leaves a bad taste in one's mouth. Musk is doing a lot to decarbonize the automotive market. But when it comes to taxation, it seems like he'll be the first to turn his back on those who need governmental support the most. READ MORE: Democrats’ billionaire tax would heavily target 10 wealthiest Americans, but alternative plan is emerging [The Washington Post] More on Musk: Hertz Orders 100,000 Teslas for Rental Cars Share This Article 
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin announced plans this week for a "mixed use business park" in space called Orbital Reef, a lavish commercial space station. If Bezos' ultimate dream being a coworking space in orbit sounds a little pedestrian, you're not alone. "Jeff Bezos just announced that he's going to try to build the first commercial space station and his vision is literally for a suborbital 'mixed used business park' and I'm going to lose my mind," journalist Brian Merchant wrote in a tweet responding to the announcement. In other words, a "mixed use business park" sounds like the kind of place where dreams of space exploration go to die. As of right now, the station only exists in the form of a press release and a few flashy renders. Even so, the design of the futuristic-looking station leaves something to be desired. Over on Reddit, pundits immediately flagged a rather obvious design flaw: there's simply too much empty space that could easily get crew members stuck without a nearby handhold. One render even shows a calculator innocently resting on a work surface nearby, seemingly unaffected by the lack of gravity. "This is what you get if you ask a bunch of 3D modelers to create a space station," one user chimed in. "Bright white embedded lights, gray featureless matte surfaces, big windows with the Earth in every single one, curved corridors." "Not a single engineer was working on these," the user added, pointing out that the woman in the renders could easily get stranded in the middle of a cavernous hallway. That's not hyperbole. In fact, the International Space Station's largest section, the Kibo module developed by Japan's space agency, is large enough for astronauts to get stranded in mid-space. A video filmed on board the station shows an astronaut performing a specially designed maneuver, which involves waving arms and legs in a specific pattern, to get himself unstuck from the center of the Kibo module. "You have to be a little extra careful, you can get out in the middle of it and you can’t reach a handrail and you could possibly get stuck there for a little while," NASA astronaut legend Mark Kelly remarked back in 2008 shortly after the module was installed. While it isn't exactly a fatal flaw — astronauts can always get a fellow space traveler to help them get unstuck — it is a bit of a glaring oversight. And that's not to mention that Blue Origin has its work cut out — to say the least — to realize its vision. The embattled company has only reached the mere edge of space, and has yet to sent a rocket into orbit, nevermind a space station. Whether it can make enough progress, NASA lawsuits and all, to complete the Orbital Reef by the end of 2030 remains to be seen. The good news, at least, is that that's also plenty of time to go back to the drawing board and rework the station's design. More on Blue Origin: Blue Origin Unveils Plans for Commercial Space Station Called “Orbital Reef” Share This Article 
Dmitry Rogozin, the head of Russian state space corporation Roscosmos, said that he's planning to assign cosmonauts to fly on SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station. It's a striking reversal in tone given Rogozin's strained relationship with NASA and particularly SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. The director recently invited Musk for tea at his home in Russia last month, marking the beginning of a remarkable change in demeanor, since the two have a history of taking potshots at each other. The idea is to mix and match NASA astronauts and Russian cosmonauts on future launches of the spacecraft. "In our view, SpaceX has already acquired enough experience for us to be able to put our cosmonauts on Crew Dragon," Rogozin said through a translator at a press conference on Monday, as quoted by SpaceNews. "I believe we will be in a position to discuss candidates who may be flying to the space station on board the Crew Dragon — Russian cosmonauts, and American astronauts who will be flying to the space station on Russian spacecraft," he added. The soonest a Russian cosmonaut could travel to the ISS on board a Crew Dragon capsule could be the Crew-5 mission in the second half of 2022, according to SpaceNews. The news comes after NASA and SpaceX completed their flight readiness review for an upcoming October 31 launch, the Crew-3 mission. SpaceX has proven the flightworthiness of its Crew Dragon spacecraft on five occasions, four of which were crewed flights into orbit. Russia's Soyuz spacecraft has a much longer history and has been in service for over half a century, with its first crewed launch taking place in 1967. While its configurations and technologies have been updated many times since its maiden voyage in the 1960s, the overall platform still bears a striking resemblance to decades-old designs. Are Rogozin and Roscosmos admitting defeat by planning to fly cosmonauts on board SpaceX's Crew Dragon? His endorsement comes at an unusual time, with Russian officials revealing earlier this year that the country is planning to abandon the ISS after two decades of continuous international occupation and cooperation. Perhaps Russia is simply ensuring Russian cosmonauts will be on board the aging outpost until the bitter end — or it could be an opportunistic play. The country would be leaving considerable amounts of money on the table. Last year, NASA paid $90 million for a Soyuz seat. But it's unclear how much Russia would have to pay NASA and SpaceX to launch a crew member on board a Crew Dragon. At the end of the day, maybe we should just take Rogozin by his word. NASA deputy administrator Pam Melroy said during Monday's conference that "they have an expectation that there should be several flights before they feel confident in the performance of the vehicle" — which Crew Dragon has now proven. "At this point, we’re having that conversation." As always, getting a read on Rogozin's intentions is a fool's errand. His opinions have ranged from sheer rage at NASA for giving SpaceX carte blanche to threatening American space journalists, to inviting Musk in for tea with his family — and that's just over the past year and change. Whether Russia is conceding to SpaceX or ensuring Russia's presence on board the ISS, in other words, remains a mystery. READ MORE: Rogozin says Crew Dragon safe for Russian cosmonauts [SpaceNews] More on Rogozin: Russian Space Chief Issues Cryptic Invitation to Elon Musk Share This Article 
Drone technology has moved from military bases to the wider world, and it's already changing much of what we do in our daily lives. If you're wondering why drones are everywhere, this Black Drone with Dual HD 4K Camera will help you take to the skies, shoot amazing footage, and see just why so many people love drones. And you'll get $5 in credit in our store to use on more gear for your shoot. This drone is designed to be easy to fly, even if you've never touched a drone before. The remote control is simple to use, with a one-touch return if the skies get choppy. A "headless" mode locks the drone to your remote, making it easier to direct. And an altitude hold function keeps it at the same level if you need to get your bearings. It even folds for easier use. Forget the remote, or run out of batteries? A useful app, and built-in gesture control, means you can still take to the skies. When you're ready to shoot, you'll have plenty of tools. The front-facing camera is on a 3-axis mechanical gimbal with electronic image stabilization (EIS), which helps orient the camera and compensates for turbulence and other issues. The belly camera shoots straight down, making it perfect for creating maps and other visual guides of open-air sites. Built-in GPS also not only lets you dictate a specific course, but also better track and file your footage. With a control distance of up to 1,200 meters, you'll be able to shoot anything smoothly, quickly, and easily. Get the Black Drone with Dual HD 4K Camera for $76.99 (reg. $85) and get $5 in store credit, 7 to 10 days after purchase is complete. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Futurism Readers – As ever, we've got some news about the future to share with you. This time, it's about our site. Thanks to your support, we've been able to secure Futurism's continued operation, in two ways. The first big change is one of two reasons we'll able to keep going, bigger and better than ever, no less: In July 2021, Futurism was acquired from its previous owners by Recurrent Ventures, a revolutionary, new kind of media company. What's this mean? Well, for us, it means we're now working alongside some pretty great new colleagues (among them, a few titles you may recognize: Popular Science, The Drive, and the mad geniuses at MEL Magazine, et al). And for you? Well, that's the second big change: We're killing the subscription program, and making the site free to all of you, again. As you might've already heard, 2020 through the first half of 2021 was a pretty disastrous year for the media industry. We were able to weather that storm due in no small part to the dedication of you, our readership, and those who paid for Futurism subscriptions, helping to keep this site alive. Well, we lived, and we've decided to roll back the entire paywall. There are no limits on Futurism's content, for anybody, now: The entire site, and its archives, are fully free again. Even better: We're growing. And you'll be seeing more from us, in bigger, bolder colors, as Futurism will be scaling our repertoire: More features, more interviews, and more news about the emergent, groundbreaking technological and scientific advances changing the world for generations to come. We really couldn't have done this without you. By reading our stories, joining our Facebook community, subscribing to our newsletter, and most recently, subscribing to our site. Every ad unit you've let load, every time you've bought something you've seen on our site, every subscription you purchased: Every single small one of these things helped us get to where we are now. The goal of the paywall wasn't to make us rich (which it didn't), or our stories less accessible (which it did), but to sustain and secure our ability to write them. Now that we're in a secure place, we're absolutely going to bring you — and the rest of the world — the best-in-class newsfeed you've come to expect from us over the years. We couldn't have done it without you, and wanted to drop you a note, thanking you for helping keep the future of Futurism a bright one. To tomorrow, today, – Team Futurism Share This Article 
Jeff Bezos' space company Blue Origin has announced ambitious plans for a new commercial space station called Orbital Reef — and it's hoping to begin operations before 2030. The massive station — or at least its design — is a collaborative effort with spaceflight company Sierra Space, a Sierra Nevada Corporation subsidiary. Blue Origin says it has the backing of several industry leaders including Boeing — but when or if its station will ever actually get built is up for debate. So far, the company has only flown a suborbital tourist rocket called New Shepard to the edge of space. The news also comes after several worrying allegations surfaced about the working conditions Blue Origin employees have faced in recent years, with several key employees leaving. Its ambitions to design a lunar lander are also mired in controversy, with Bezos suing NASA over its decision to award its lunar lander contract to SpaceX. Blue Origin may be gunning for NASA funding through other avenues with today's announcement. The space agency recently announced its Commercial Low Earth Orbit Development program, making up to $400 million of funding available. The agency received "an incredibly strong response from industry to our announcement for proposals for commercial, free fliers that go directly to orbit," director of commercial spaceflight Phil McAlister told CNBC last month. "This strong industry response shows that our plan to retire the International Space Station in the latter part of this decade and transition to commercial space destinations is a viable, strong plan," he added. Lockheed Martin and commercial space startup Nanoracks also recently announced that they're collaborating on the development of a commercial space station called Starlab. The small outpost will be made up of a single docking node as well as an inflatable module to provide power and propulsion. Blue Origin, however, has much more ambitious plans in mind. Orbital Reef will attempt to pick up where the International Space Station leaves off, starting up as soon as the aging outpost is retired within the next ten years or so. The futuristic-looking station is designed to house up to ten people and will be able to have spacecraft and modules dock at multiple ports. The idea is to have other customers make use of the "mixed use business park" facility through an "open system architecture," according to a press release. "As the premier commercial destination in low Earth orbit, Orbital Reef will provide the essential infrastructure needed to scale economic activity and open new markets in space," the release reads. "We will expand access, lower the cost, and provide all the services and amenities needed to normalize space flight," Brent Sherwood, senior VP of advanced development programs for Blue Origin said in the statement. "A vibrant business ecosystem will grow in low Earth orbit, generating new discoveries, new products, new entertainments, and global awareness." It's an exciting new prospect and a bold new vision for an ISS-less future. But whether Blue Origin, a space company currently in crisis mode, will be able to realize it — in the second half of this decade no less — remains anything but clear. READ MORE: Blue Origin reveals plans for future commercial space station called Orbital Reef [The Verge] More on Blue Origin: George Takei Roasts “Star Trek” Costar William Shatner After Rocket Trip Share This Article 
If you’re working more from home like so many others nowadays, you likely spend a good amount of that time in online meetings. Like them or not, they’re a convenient way to keep from convening at the office. While the commute might be improved, the increased amount of distractions we experience at home can severely diminish the quality of our interactions. The unwanted sounds picked up by the sensitive microphone in your computer can interfere with hearing crucial information during important calls. Changing your setup or improving your hardware can certainly help reduce some interference. But if you really want to reduce all background noise, your best bet is to use a software application like Krisp. You’ll get better results without having to use filters or upgrading to a better microphone. Krisp also works with all microphones and headphones, harnessing the power of AI to recognize and remove unwanted sounds. Krisp's AI-based noise reduction technology will cut out any background noise from your meetings, video chats, online courses and conference calls — leaving only the human voice discernible. The background noise from other participants can  also be removed during calls, so you’ll no longer need to ask anyone to “mute themselves,” which always sounds a bit rude. Krisp technology is based on deep neural networks and is trained using thousands of hours of audio. Its bi-directional noise removal takes away noise from both the microphone and the speaker. Additionally, Krisp removes the acoustic echo that can occur from your own voice, as well as removing room echo, which can resonate from walls of empty rooms during calls. Adding this protective layer to your microphone, Krisp delivers clean-sounding audio and HD voice quality. Sounding like you're speaking from a submarine below sea level will be a thing of the past, as will be any distortion. Whether you're an entrepreneur, salesperson, or consultant, this one simple application can help limit your distractions and keep them from hijacking your focus during important calls. For some uncanny reason, the gardeners next door seem to have impeccable timing for starting their work during video chats or, worse, an already stressful interview. If you don’t have this issue, then maybe it’s a baby crying, a dog barking, the roof being replaced, or traffic outside your window. Perhaps woodworking is your neighbor’s hobby? Inside the house, we contend with the vacuum cleaner, washing machine, and dishwasher, along with the fan and air-conditioner on a hot day. Even someone clicking away at their keyboard can be bothersome when trying to concentrate. Limiting all these distractions, and more, for both you and your clients will help you conduct more productive meetings and focus on what’s really important. Krisp works with any wired or wireless microphone, speaker, headset, and headphones. It seamlessly integrates with any communication and recording app that includes audio and microphone settings, like Microsoft Teams, Slack, Zoom, and around 800 others. With Krisp, it’s easy to record the audio of your meetings at any time and share them with your colleagues. You’ll find other software on the market with similar functions that edit out ambient noises from recordings, like Audacity, GarageBand, Wavosaur, and Wavepad. Krisp, however, actually blocks ambient noises from entering the recording, providing studio-like audio quality in real-time during your meetings and calls. Krisp's enhanced security features protect your data with maximum privacy. In fact, Krisp performs all audio processing locally, so your voice and audio will never leave your device. TIME listed Krisp as one of The Best Inventions of 2020. Krisp is also included on the Forbes AI 50 — a list of private, U.S.-based companies that are using artificial intelligence in meaningful business-oriented ways. We couldn’t agree more. In this era of working from home, Krisp’s unique software is a game-changer. Demo the software today to see what Forbes, Gartner, and Time are hailing as one of the best tech innovations in recent history. In fact, once you discover the difference, you won't want to call anyone without it. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
During an appearance this week at the University of Virginia, NASA boss Bill Nelson made some eyebrow-raising remarks about a possible connection between military sightings of unidentified flying objects and the search for alien life. "I’ve talked to those pilots and they know they saw something, and their radars locked on to it," Nelson told the crowd at the university, which is where he got his law degree. "And they don’t know what is. And we don’t know what it is. We hope it’s not an adversary here on Earth that has that kind of technology." That's an interesting analysis on its own. But look what he said next, when he started directly speculating about the search for life beyond Earth: "But it’s something," Nelson added during the wide-ranging event. "And so this is a mission that we’re constantly looking, ‘Who is out there?’ Who are we?’ How did we get here? How did we become as we are? How did we develop? How did we civilize? And are those same conditions out there in a universe that has billions of other suns and billions of other galaxies?’ It’s so large I can’t conceive it." Provocatively, Nelson even went on to conjecture that alien civilizations could be found in a parallel universe. "Now there are even theories that there might be other universes," Nelson added. "And if that’s the case, who am I to say planet Earth is the only location of a life form that is civilized and organized like ours?" Obviously, Nelson isn't claiming to have any specific information, and in all likelihood he was just having some fun during a public appearance. It's also not Nelson's first time opining that there's almost certainly alien life out there somewhere. But it worth contrasting Nelson's freewheeling style with that of his immediate predecessor, Steve Jurczyk, who was much more reserved and circumspect on the topic. Take this interview he did with Futurism earlier this year: "You know, it’s, uh, hard to say," he told us with a laugh when asked about the search for alien life. "But you know, part of the Mars mission is looking for past signs of life, and we’re detecting planets around other stars, right? With Kepler and eventually with the James Webb Space Telescope and other missions, we want to do direct imaging of exoplanets, planets around other stars. So we’re advancing our knowledge there." "But so far, no aliens," he said. READ MORE: Space Jam: Former Senator Talks Aliens, Asteroids and ‘Star Trek’ With Larry Sabato [University of Virginia] More on UAPs: The Pentagon Just Released Its UFO Report Share This Article 
The AirPods are undeniably great earbuds, but if you want to up your audio game, you don't need to turn to Apple to do it. Check out these top-notch ways to listen to your music and podcasts on the go. Pictured above, these are optimized for streaming services and your phone calls, with a multi-beam microphone and an Immersive Sound Engine. Get the HyperSonic Lite True Wireless Earphones for $49.99 (reg. $79). Built with exercise in mind, these sweat-proof earbuds offer up to 35 hours of listening time. Get the TREBLAB X5 True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds for $49.99 (reg. $99). If you need a secure fit while moving, the earhooks on these earbuds keep their 11mm drivers in your ears, not on the ground. Get the TREBLAB X3 Pro True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds with Earhooks for $63.99 (reg. $99). 3D hyper-definition sound and passive noise cancellation tune out the world so you can enjoy your music. Get the HyperSonic DX Noise Cancelling Earbuds for $39.99 (reg. $59). These earbuds combine different noise-canceling techniques so that you get the quiet you need. Get the PaMu Quiet Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Earbuds for $99.99 (reg. $119). When you need to hear the world around you, flip on transparent mode with these dust-and-water-proof earbuds. Get the LUNE Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Earbuds for $89.95 (reg. $99). These lightweight earbuds are long-lasting as well, with a charging case that offers up to 150 hours of listening time before you have to plug back in. Get the Nokia Power Earbuds for $99 (reg. $149). Customizable tips and touch controls give you an elegant and discreet earbud that's easy to use. Get the Xpods Pro True Wireless Earbuds + Charging Case for $55.99 (reg. $69.99) with code XPOD20. Use AI and a 4-mic noise tracking system to limit feedback and annoyances while truly focusing. Get the xFyro Active Noise Cancelling AI-Powered Wireless Earbuds for just $40 (reg. $250) with code XFYRO5. A winner at the 2021 CES, these have gone through extensive testing to eliminate noise, tuned to block out wind and sudden noises with ease. Get the ComfoBuds Pro True Wireless Headphones for $89.99 (reg. $105). A composite membrane in the driver offers deeper bass with better treble. Get the Baseus Wireless Bluetooth 5.0 Headphones for $45.95 (reg. $59). Vocal commands make these easy to control, and sensors that detect when you remove one from your ear automatically pauses everything so you can pay attention. Get the TWS SoundLiberty 80 True Wireless Earbuds for $65.99 (reg. $76). Wireless charging and carefully placed holes to remove the "stethoscope" effect, making these the easiest earbuds you'll ever use. Get the HYPHEN® 2 Wireless Earbuds for $93.99 (reg. $129). These splash-proof buds are perfect for commuting and for anything life throws at you. Get the Veho STIX True Wireless Earphones for $249.95 (reg. $279). Designed with a goal of stripping away the unneeded, these earbuds are wireless, LED-free, and nestle in your ears with no tips to clean. Get the Earin True Wireless Earbuds for $189 (reg. $199). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We generate enormous amounts of data every day, with where we go, what we do, and how we interact with the world around us. And some fascinating insights can be drawn from that data, provided you know how to manage it. The Complete 2022 Big Data Analysis Bundle gives you the tools you need to wrangle databases and draw conclusions from the thicket of numbers. Each of the 9 courses in the bundle is taught by the team at Stream Skill (4.5/5 star rating). Focused on data management and visualization tools like Excel, over the last decade the team has taught over 600,000 students how to get the most from their databases. Each course has been chosen with data science in mind, focusing on the different tools and techniques most commonly used. They've also been chosen for wide applicability, so no matter your discipline, they'll be useful. To start with, the bundle looks at coding languages like Python and R through the lens of data. Aimed at those new to code, these 2 courses lay out how these languages are used to corral data sets and find patterns. You'll also learn about Qlik Sense, a data visualization tool, and Alteryx, one of the more popular data tools. Still, if you're handling data, it likely first arrives in spreadsheet form. So the course gets into detail on Excel and PowerBI, including courses on pivot tables, power queries, business analysis, dashboard development, and other visualization. By the end, you'll have both a deeper understanding of how Excel handles data, which you can apply to other spreadsheets and data sets, and how to use that data to create the visualizations and reports you need for effective business intelligence. Get the Complete 2022 Big Data Analysis Bundle for $75 (reg. $944). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We’ve all been in situations where we had to make tough ethical decisions. Why not dodge that pesky responsibility by outsourcing the choice to a machine learning algorithm? That’s the idea behind Ask Delphi, a machine-learning model from the Allen Institute for AI. You type in a situation (like "donating to charity") or a question ("is it okay to cheat on my spouse?"), click "Ponder," and in a few seconds Delphi will give you, well, ethical guidance.  The project launched last week, and has subsequently gone viral online for seemingly all the wrong reasons. Much of the advice and judgements it's given have been… fraught, to say the least. For example, when a user asked Delphi what it thought about "a white man walking towards you at night," it responded "It’s okay." But when they asked what the AI thought about "a black man walking towards you at night" its answer was clearly racist. The issues were especially glaring in the beginning of its launch.  For instance, Ask Delphi initially included a tool that allowed users to compare whether situations were more or less morally acceptable than another — resulting in some really awful, bigoted judgments. Besides, after playing around with Delphi for a while, you’ll eventually find that it’s easy to game the AI to get pretty much whatever ethical judgement you want by fiddling around with the phrasing until it gives you the answer you want.  So yeah. It’s actually completely fine to crank "Twerkulator" at 3am even if your roommate has an early shift tomorrow — as long as it makes you happy. It also spits out some judgments that are complete head scratchers. Here’s one that we did where Delphi seems to condone war crimes. Machine learning systems are notorious for demonstrating unintended bias. And as is often the case, part of the reason Delphi's answers can get questionable can likely be linked back to how it was created.  The folks behind the project drew on some eyebrow-raising sources to help train the AI, including the "Am I the Asshole?" subreddit, the "Confessions" subreddit, and the "Dear Abby" advice column, according to the paper the team behind Delphi published about the experiment.  It should be noted, though, that just the situations were culled from those sources — not the actual replies and answers themselves. For example, a scenario such as "chewing gum on the bus" might have been taken from a Dear Abby column. But the team behind Delphi used Amazon's crowdsourcing service MechanicalTurk to find respondents to actually train the AI.  While it might just seem like another oddball online project, some experts believe that it might actually be causing more harm than good.  After all, the ostensible goal of Delphi and bots like it is to create an AI sophisticated enough to make ethical judgements, and potentially turn them into moral authorities. Making a computer an arbiter of moral judgement is uncomfortable enough on its own, but even its current less-refined state can have some harmful effects.  "The authors did a lot of cataloging of possible biases in the paper, which is commendable, but once it was released, people on Twitter were very quick to find judgments that the algorithm made that seem quite morally abhorrent," Dr. Brett Karlan, a postdoctoral fellow researching cognitive science and AI at the University of Pittsburgh (and friend of this reporter), told Futurism. "When you’re not just dealing with understanding words, but you're putting it in moral language, it's much more risky, since people might take what you say as coming from some sort of authority." Karlan believes that the paper’s focus on natural language processing is ultimately interesting and worthwhile. Its ethical component, he said, "makes it societally fraught in a way that means we have to be way more careful with it in my opinion." Though the Delphi website does include a disclaimer saying that it’s currently in its beta phase and shouldn’t be used "for advice, or to aid in social understanding of humans," the reality is that many users won’t understand the context behind the project, especially if they just stumbled onto it. "Even if you put all of these disclaimers on it, people are going to see ‘Delphi says X’ and, not being literate in AI, think that statement has moral authority to it," Karlan said.  And, at the end of the day, it doesn't. It's just an experiment — and the creators behind Delphi want you to know that. "It is important to understand that Delphi is not built to give people advice," Liwei Jiang, PhD student at the Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering and co-author of the study, told Futurism. "It is a research prototype meant to investigate the broader scientific questions of how AI systems can be made to understand social norms and ethics." Jiang added the goal with the current beta version of Delphi is actually to showcase the reasoning differences between humans and bots. The team wants to "highlight the wide gap between the moral reasoning capabilities of machines and humans," Jiang added, "and to explore the promises and limitations of machine ethics and norms at the current stage." Perhaps one of the most uncomfortable aspects about Delphi and bots like it is the fact that it’s ultimately a reflection of our own ethics and morals, with Jiang adding that "it is somewhat prone to the biases of our time." One of the latest disclaimers added to the website even says that the AI simply guesses what an average American might think of a given situation. After all, the model didn’t learn its judgments on its own out of nowhere. It came from people online, who sometimes do believe abhorrent things. But when this dark mirror is held up to our faces, we jump away because we don't like what's reflected back.  For now, Delphi exists as an intriguing, problematic, and scary exploration. If we ever get to the point where computers are able to make unequivocal ethical judgements for us, though, we hope that it comes up with something better than this. Follow Tony Tran on Twitter.  More on AI: Scientists Use AI, 3D Printing to Uncover Hidden Picasso Painting Share This Article 
As we've learned more about bioluminescence,  it seems to be everywhere in the natural world. There are even sharks that glow in the dark as they hunt prey and seek mates. Fortunately, the plants that give the Bioluminescent Bio-Orb its light are a little more friendly and offer you a gentle glow whenever you need it, with just a swirl. You can get one on sale for just $44.99 (reg. $49). The glow comes courtesy of dinoflagellates. These simple algae are common in all bodies of water, most famously the ocean, and power the food web, turning sunlight into energy and serving as food for larger animals. It's theorized they create light thanks to how they process solar energy. The algae generate a form of luciferase, an enzyme that breaks down the chemical luciferin in the presence of chemical oxygen. As the reaction unfolds, a gentle blue glow flows out, reflecting the energy released by the reaction. Why this happens is unclear, although dinoflagellate luciferase is related to chlorophyll, which points towards it being a useful reaction. The Bio-Orb allows you to view this process with a simple swirl. The hand-blown 4" glass sphere is filled with a careful mix of the dinoflagellates, water, and nutrients, all provided, so the algae have a friendly habitat. All it needs beyond that is atmospheric CO2. Keep their simple ecosystem topped up with water and food, and keep it in a place where it gets low to moderate sunlight during the day. Then just swirl the orb and watch the reaction unfold. The algae emit a blue light that's perfect for setting a relaxed mood, getting a brief moment of light when you need it in the middle of the night, and to show off a little science for the whole family. Get the Bioluminescent Bio-Orb for $44.99 (reg. $49). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We all want to wield a lightsaber, and slowly but surely, citizen scientists and engineers are making it happen. But if cracking open industrial lasers or building a plasma torch seems a bit excessive for your cosplay or your next Halloween costume, the Cyber Blade Dagger Laser Sword gives you all the fun without any risk of losing your hand. You can grab one on sale for just $106.99 (reg. $145). This sword prop is engineered to be easy to use, so you can stay in character. The 8-inch hilt is made of aerospace-grade aluminum that's precision-milled to offer an ergonomic grip. The 22.83" blade is a durable plastic that can be swapped out with ease and take even the toughest duel of the fates. And it's long-lasting, as the 1,200 mAh battery is recharged via USB and the included cord. After all, a Sith doesn't pause, look at his saber, and then start fumbling for a pack of batteries. You'll also be alerted when the battery is low, so you can conserve power when you need to. All of this is in service to a wide range of effects. First of all, you have your choice of 11 colors for your blade, projected by long-lasting LEDs, including all the colors from your favorite Force-wielders. You can tweak the light effects as well, giving your blade a flame effect, a heartbeat-style pulsing, a gentle breathing effect, and more. All of this is paired with sound effects triggered as you swing or move around that adds to the verisimilitude of your costume. And you can swing with confidence as everything is backed by a one-year manufacturer's warranty. If you're looking for a way to give your cosplay an edge, this dagger will add just the right note. Get the Cyber Blade Dagger Laser Sword for $106.99 (reg. $145). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to sleep, we tend to value quantity over quality. If we’re feeling tired and rundown, we assume more sleep is the solution. But that’s not necessarily the case. In general, it’s more important to start by making sure you’re getting better sleep. Then, once you make sure you’re getting high-quality rest, you can revisit how many hours you need. Luckily, it’s easier than ever to maximize sleep performance thanks to an innovative sleep supplement called Qualia Night. (Use the discount code PRODANDNEURO at checkout to get an additional 15-percent off.) To understand how this supplement works, you have to understand what’s really going on when you sleep. While we tend to think of the brain and body as being inactive while we sleep, in reality, they are quite busy. Sleep is when the body repairs cells, muscles, and tissues and synthesizes key proteins and hormones. It’s when the brain repairs and reorganizes neurons so they can efficiently communicate and store information. And it’s when a network of vessels called the glymphatic system clears out waste from the central nervous system, removing toxic chemicals that build up throughout the day. When these vital activities are interrupted, it can lead to serious health problems. Mountains of scientific research show that poor sleep hinders cognitive, social, and motor skills. It is also linked to weaker immune function, obesity, high blood pressure, and type 2 diabetes, and can predict depression and other mental health problems, including suicide risk. Meanwhile, on a day-to-day basis, poor sleep leaves us feeling more irritable, reduces our ability to manage conflicts, and makes us less empathetic. To perform the necessary nightly maintenance, your brain and body require a very specific set of nutrients. Quality Night was created to make sure you’re getting them. Qualia Night was created by a team of scientists called Neurohacker Collective. Until recently, Neurohacker Collective was best known for their cutting-edge nootropics supplements, which provide the brain with high-octane fuel that helps optimize cognition. With Qualia Night, Neurohacker Collective set out to maximize cognition at an even more fundamental level by fueling your body’s ability to heal, recover, and regenerate while you sleep. Qualia Night is not a sleeping pill and does not contain any pharmaceuticals. It is a patent-pending blend of clinically studied ingredients that support your body’s natural healing processes. This supplement is designed to be taken in the early evening, about four hours before bedtime. From there it slowly eases your mind and body into a relaxing, optimal sleep process later that night. It works by: - Supporting the creation and use of melatonin, a hormone that tells your brain when it is time to sleep. - Supporting the creation and use of gamma-aminobutyric acid, or GABA, a naturally occurring neurotransmitter that decreases activity in your nervous system. - Supporting the creation and use of brain-derived neurotrophic factor, or BDNF, a protein that protects and supports the growth of new neurons and is essential for memory, learning, and critical thinking. - Supporting the production and function of stem cells, which play a vital role in repair and regeneration. - Supporting stress response by providing crucial adaptogens, which are herbal substances that contribute to the stabilization of physiological processes. - Helping to regulate the production of cortisol, which is the body’s primary stress hormone. - Feeding healthy gut bacteria so they can produce key molecules required for healthy brain and immune function. If you don’t wake up in the morning feeling refreshed, rejuvenated, and ready to take on the day, don’t assume lack of sleep is the problem. It may simply be that your body isn’t getting the nourishment it needs to heal itself at night. (Remember to use discount code PRODANDNEURO at checkout for an additional 15-percent off.) By providing nutritional support for biological activities that take place while you sleep, Qualia Night can help support deeper and more restorative sleep, which leads to more energy, improved cognition, and enhanced long-term brain health. And right now you can get 15-percent off the regular price when you use the discount code PRODANDNEURO at checkout. So click here and start sleeping better today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Financial experts were pretty skeptical about cryptocurrency when it first came out. In fact, most thought it was just a fad. But now it’s pretty clear that those experts were very wrong. Crypto has been around for over a decade, now, and it's stronger than ever. If you’re ready to invest in what a lot of successful people think is the most important asset class of the 21st century, the best and easiest way to do that is with Coinbase. As you’ve probably noticed, crypto just keeps getting bigger and bigger. The price of Bitcoin has gone up 80-fold over the last five years, from $745 in 2016 to $60,000 today. In April, Coinbase, the world’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, went public on Nasdaq at $400 per share, driving the company’s valuation to almost $100 billion. In September, El Salvador became the first country in the world to adopt Bitcoin as legal tender, and other countries, including Brazil, may soon follow suit. Crypto is making huge gains with U.S.-based institutions as well. It is now estimated that 70 percent of institutional investors currently invest in or plan to invest in crypto in the near future. Earlier this month, the Bank of America became the latest big bank to officially recognize crypto as an asset class. And just this week the industry will see yet another major milestone, as the first SEC-approved bitcoin futures EFT (exchange-traded fund) launches on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Today, the world crypto market is worth over $2 trillion. And while there is still a lot of volatility in the crypto marketplace, on the whole, these digital assets have become one of the best ways for investors to hedge against inflation. In fact, some experts now think crypto will soon replace gold as the number one hedge asset, particularly in less-developed countries. So, should you invest in crypto? For an answer to that question, you really need to consult a professional money manager. However, if you’ve already determined that you have the means and the will, there’s no better place to start your crypto journey than Coinbase. Why should you build your cryptocurrency portfolio with Coinbase? Because it’s no fluke that they are the most widely used crypto exchange in the world. They are the biggest player in the crypto game because they make trading radically simple. Creating a Coinbase account and linking it to your bank account takes just a few minutes. From there, this simple and intuitive platform will walk you through making your first trades, managing your portfolio, setting up automatic recurring buys, and more. There are tons of guides, tutorials, and other educational tools that will teach you all the basics, and the intuitive user interface is a breeze to navigate, whether you’re accessing it via browser or their mobile app. Coinbase allows investors to trade over 4,000 digital assets. These include mainstream coins like Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin, plus a solid variety of altcoins like Cardano, Polkadot, Ripple, and Solana. Coinbase also offers stable-coins like USD Coin, which are pegged to the U.S. dollar. And there is talk that they will soon become a major player in the emerging NFT marketplace. Worried about security? Coinbase is incredibly secure. This is a fully accredited and licensed cryptocurrency exchange that employs industry best practices to give you complete peace of mind. Over 98 percent of customer funds are stored offline in vaults all over the world, which means they are inaccessible to hackers. Coinbase also offers things like 2-step verification, biometric fingerprint logins, and 256-bit encryption. And while your crypto balances are not backed by SIPC or FDIC because crypto is not considered legal tender, Coinbase carries crime insurance that protects a portion of their digital assets against losses from theft, including cybersecurity breaches. So if you think you’re finally ready to dip your toes in the $2 trillion crypto market, there’s no better place to start than Coinbase. Click here to create your account and start trading in a matter of minutes. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Artificial intelligence and machine learning have been used to achieve some amazing things, and also some extremely silly ones. But in your day-to-day life, machine learning is about making your life easier, and Rytr is designed to help non-writers put out amazing copy. A lifetime subscription is on sale for just $75 (reg. $1,250). If you're a team of one, or just a small group that has big marketing needs, then you know writing copy is a demanding skill. Once you write good copy, you can repurpose it endlessly, but getting that copy down can be hard work. Rytr draws from both industry best practices and top-performing copy for the most common use cases to develop text for businesses. First, you choose a use case and language from a growing list of options. Next, choose a template and a tone. Finally, fill in some keywords about your business. The text then auto-generates, and you can use it for inspiration for your own ads and emails, or tweak it, publish it, and focus on your other tasks. Create the same copy in multiple tones, adapt it to over 25 languages, and automate other copy tasks that used to take up your time. Rytr is browser-based, and works with both mobile and desktop, so you always have inspiration to hand. A lifetime subscription gets you 75,000 characters of writing a month, perfect for generating ad campaigns, website copy, short blog entries, and other marketing material. It also automates plagiarism checks, with Copyscape, and has workflow and team management features, so that everyone has a copywriter handy. And with a dedicated account manager and priority email support, you can quickly get back to your other deadlines confident in your copy. Get a lifetime subscription to Rytr for $75 (reg. $1,250) and get $20 in credit for our store! Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Investing in single-family rental properties is a pretty good deal if you can afford to do it. They can provide a steady stream of revenue from rent and a decent hedge against whatever the future might hold. However, in addition to the capital requirements of such an investment, buying and maintaining such properties has historically been a world-class hassle. But with a real estate investment platform called Roofstock, buying (and selling) single-family rental properties is easier than it’s ever been at any point in history. Roofstock was founded in 2015 to make the process of investing in real estate “radically simple.” Since then, they’ve developed a comprehensive online marketplace that has streamlined and simplified the steps necessary to find just the right rental property for your specific needs, with properties that have been selected and curated with the aid of an advanced AI algorithm. One of the marketplace’s killer apps is the “neighborhood score” that is attached to each and every listing you’ll find on Roofstock, and which include data from a variety of different sources that, in the old days before Roofstock existed, you would have had to consult separately. Instead, you can find all the information you need, which could have taken days or weeks to hunt down, in one convenient place. Roofstock is also a great way to browse listings across the country, no matter where you live. Unless you have a specific desire to own rental property in your city or state, there’s no reason you can’t collect rent from a property or properties located anywhere in the country, and Roofstock makes the process as simple and convenient as it can be. Even after you find the property you want and your bid is accepted, Roofstock still isn’t done guiding you through your real estate investment journey. The common hazards and pitfalls associated with escrow and closing will be as painless as possible, and Roofstock can even connect you with the right property management company if you’re not planning (or able) to handle the property’s day-to-day business on your own. If you’re thinking about adding a rental property or two to your investment portfolio, browsing the Roofstock online marketplace is the perfect way to find just the right one for you. But there are a couple of additional selling points that make investing through Roofstock a no-brainer. First, there’s the platform’s “Lease Up Guarantee,” which states that if a property you purchase through Roofstock (many of which already have paying tenants living in them now) doesn’t have a paying occupant within 45 days of closing, Roofstock will cover the rent for up to a year. Then there’s the 30-day money-back guarantee, which gives you a month to change your mind about whatever property you buy -- not something you’re likely to find elsewhere on the real estate market. Roofstock is the best way to find and buy rental properties online, so it’s only logical that it’s the best place to sell them too. So whether you have a single-family rental property you’re looking to sell, or you’re looking to invest, head over to Roofstock now for more details and to get started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In a post today, a redditor posed an provocative question: could you paint your face on the Moon, so that it was visible from Earth, and get away with it? "Let’s say that Elon musk Does [go] to the moon and paints his face on it," read the post, before it was deleted by the trigger-happy mods of r/space. "The space treaty says no one owns the moon or can claim it, so could someone get away with doing something like this." The question of whether or not Musk would do something like that is probably pretty obvious. Of course he would. Imagine the meme potential. It’d be wild, and another thing he could lord over Jeff Bezos.  Whether the billionaire SpaceX founder could do it, though, is another question entirely. There are three barriers that need to be examined: First, you need to consider the technical aspects. Is it even possible to paint something large enough on the Moon that we could see it from Earth? There’s no reason to even consider the other two barriers if you’re doomed to fail.  Short answer: Probably — though if Musk wants to plaster his mug on the entirety of the Moon’s surface visible during a full moon, he’s going to need an ungodly amount of paint. That might be prohibitively expensive enough, so let’s assume he decided to save money and resources with a clever hack.  Jim Garvin, chief scientist at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, spoke to The New York Times in 2008 about a similar proposal that purportedly planned to project beer ads onto the lunar surface. He said that scientists had indeed bounced lasers off the Moon before, lighting up areas about the size of tennis courts.  Scaling up, though, would pose a challenge. "In order for an advertisement to be seen by people on earth," Garvin told the NYT, "the laser light would need to cover an area about half the land size of Africa." Of course, Musk would need a dizzyingly large array of laser systems to light up the Moon’s surface from the Earth — but it would likely be possible, albeit expensive. But what about the law? Luckily for the Tesla CEO, he might be okay to deface the Moon with his, well, face.  For one, no country "owns" the Moon. That means no one specific governing body can enforce laws on it.  That said, it doesn’t mean that you’re allowed to commit any crime you want on the lunar surface. On the Moon, the principle of "extraterritorial jurisdiction" would apply to Musk. That means that the laws of a person’s home country apply to them if they’re in a territory not owned by a country.  But he might not be committing any crimes if he decides to project — or even paint — his face onto its surface, since no one owns the Moon. So he’s probably in the clear legally.  Then that leaves the ethical: is it right to plaster your face all over a celestial body that has been a source of joy and wonder to billions of people over the lifetime of our species? This one is an unequivocal "no." Not at all. What a silly question. One would be hard pressed to even come up with an argument otherwise. It’s the Moon, after all! It’s not there for one person to enjoy and use for themselves. It’s for everyone.  So, could Musk paint a giant picture of his face on the Moon? Yes. Will he do it? Probably not — though we would never put an opportunity to promote himself (and memeify the solar system) past him.  More on the Moon: Florida Man Returns Missing NASA Moon Rock He Bought at Garage Sale Share This Article 
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) held a hearing on Monday that allowed members of the public to voice opinions about SpaceX’s planned Starship flights from its launch site in Boca Chica, Texas — and some folks had strong criticisms for the aerospace company. The hearing, which went on for more than three hours, gave the public an opportunity to speak for up to three minutes about the flights as part of its environmental review of the facility. CNET reports that while much of the feedback was in support of SpaceX, there were also some detractors who took issue with the project. One such speaker was Sharon Wilcox, a Texas representative for the conservation nonprofit Defenders of Wildlife. She said that the group was "deeply concerned about the direct, indirect, and cumulative impacts" of the launches, including "unplanned fires, debris fall, and debris removal," in comments heard by CNET.  Another local Sharon, Sharon Almaguer, whose home is just a few miles from the proposed SpaceX launch site, said that she was concerned about the potential noise issues stemming from the rockets.  "This is a project that is profoundly going to change our area," she said in comments heard by Ars Technica. "Please do your job and stop it." Despite that, many of the statements given over the course of the hearing were overwhelmingly in favor of SpaceX using the land — though CNET does note that a good number of the supportive comments came from people outside of Texas.  "Essentially, it's humanity living off the planet, and it's very important for us to do that, " said one commentator. Jessica Tetreau, a city commissioner for the neighboring town of Brownsville, gave the final statement of the night saying that SpaceX’s facility has been and would continue to be a boon for her community. "I don’t just ask you, I beg you to give them that permit," Tetreau said in comments heard by CNET.  The FAA will hold one more public hearing on Wednesday as part of its draft environmental assessment for SpaceX’s Texas facility. This is one of the last major hurdles the company must clear before it can begin launch operations at the Boca Chica site.  Once completed, the administration might allow SpaceX to begin launching with little to no environmental adjustments — or, theoretically, it might just ban it from launching entirely. Share This Article 
The wide availability of drones has changed everything, including making throwing a grenade a thing of the past. Fortunately, most of us will put them to more peaceful uses, like filming our lives, something the Black YLR/C S32T HD 4K Single-Camera Drone excels at. It's on sale for just $99.95 (reg. $410). First of all, it's built with newcomers in mind. It's easy to control, with an included remote and app that's intuitive and will have you flying in minutes. Or, use the built-in gesture control to issue simple commands, such as starting and stopping filming. It's made of tough ABS plastic and carbon fiber, so it can handle your first few landings before you get the hang of it. And you get plenty of flying time with each charge, with 25 minutes in the air. Then, of course, there's the footage you can get, right out of the box. This drone comes with a 4K camera that you can quickly orient on your subject, so you can get aerial shots of anything you're interested in seeing. If you're looking for a sidekick on your next adventure, you can enable follow mode. Using this, the drone locks onto the controls and tracks them, so you can get rolling and know your robot buddy is filming everything you're doing. And no matter where you go, it's easy to bring with you. At just 7.5" high by 7.9"  long and 2.4" wide, it fits easily in go bags and suitcases, with a lightweight that won't drag on you. Whether you're new to flying and need an affordable drone that can take what you dish out, or you're an experienced pilot who needs a drone for adventuring, this one can always come with you. Get the Black YLR/C S32T HD 4K Single-Camera Drone for $99.95 (reg. $410). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With the arrival of three astronauts to China's Tiangong space station, the unofficial rival to the International Space Station (ISS) is now being used for the country’s longest space mission yet.  The Shenzhou 13 mission includes astronauts Zhai Zhigang, Wang Yaping, and Ye Guangfu, according to Space.com. The trio arrived at Tiangong on Saturday after launching into orbit from the Jiuquan Satellite Launching Center in the Gobi Desert.   While their mission includes spacewalks and equipment testing, perhaps the most impressive aspect is the space station itself.  The orbital lab boasts a number of tools and designs that set it apart from the ISS, which is fairly old and slated to be retired within the next decade. Not only does Tiangong have spacious bunks for its astronauts, but it also has a sleek space gym and separate living spaces for each crewmember — with a minimalist white interior design that looks more like an Apple store than a cramped space habitat. Compare that to the ISS, which looks downright obsolete in comparison..  With the first module launched in 1998, the ISS was only meant to have a 30-year lifespan. That means its intended "death date" is a mere seven years from now — and no offense to the spacecraft, but it’s definitely showing its age.  The ISS’s sleeping quarters are roughly the size of a phone booth, paling in comparison to Tiangong's beds. In fact, it’s so cramped that astronauts are sometimes forced to "sleep kind of together, wherever," NASA astronaut Scott Kelly told Travel & Leisure earlier this year.  On top of that is the ISS's — shall we say — cluttered interior design. Much of its space is filled with a hodgepodge of wires, computers, and miscellaneous hardware.  It’s enough of a mess to make you wonder whether or not it poses a hazard to everyone on board. After all, if there’s an emergency — there have been plenty lately — an astronaut might have to navigate a dizzying array of wires and tools to fix it.  At the end of the day, though, we love the ISS for everything it's given us, and for being a place astronauts could call home for decades. But now times are changing, and it's not the coolest spot in orbit anymore. READ MORE: Shenzhou 13 astronauts begin China’s longest mission ever at space station module [Space.com] More on Tiangong:  China Is Sending the First Woman Astronaut to Its Brand New Space Station Share This Article 
If you think you're eating a balanced diet rich in the vitamins and nutrients that keep human beings healthy and strong, think again. According to data from the CDC and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, 92 percent of Americans have a vitamin deficiency. With numbers that high, even if you think you're eating a balanced diet, the chances are you're lacking in some vitamin or mineral. That's because deficiencies like this would still be present even if a majority of people eliminated processed junk food and fast food because soil quality is dropping at a rapid rate, and thereby reducing the nutrient value of the produce you eat. So if you want to ensure you're getting the necessary vitamins, minerals, and whole-food to fulfill your daily nutritional needs, you need to know about the comprehensive supplement AG1 from Athletic Greens. AG1 is a comprehensive, all-in-one supplement made up of 75 vitamins, minerals, and whole-food sourced ingredients. This mega-nutrient formula is designed to cover the daily nutritional needs of busy, active people like you. AG1 provides nutritional support across five critical areas of health: energy, immunity, gut health, hormonal support, and healthy aging. This includes the benefits of 11 different supplements including a full spectrum multivitamin, pre and probiotics for gut health, digestive enzymes, adaptogens, and plant extracts. Just add one scoop of AG1 to eight ounces of water, stir, and drink daily. That's it. And because you mix AG1 with water, it’s more efficiently absorbed by the body. AG1's formulation was perfected over the course of a decade and is optimized for athletes, lifeletes, and everyone in between. Following the latest science, AG1 sources every ingredient for the highest possible quality and efficacy. It's gluten-free, dairy-free, and nut-free, with no sugar added and no eggs. It's also vegan, paleo, and keto-friendly. Here's a rundown of everything that goes into AG1: If you’re on the fence and want to know what AG1's comprehensive and convenient daily nutrition is all about, try it for a month with AG1's one-time purchase option. You'll get a one-time delivery of a month’s supply before deciding to commit to a subscription plan, and there's a money-back guarantee if you're not satisfied. AG1's Single Subscription plan is perfect if you’re looking to establish a daily habit that supports you in improving your overall health. By subscribing to AG1, you’ll also receive the subscribe & save discount. And if you're buying for more than one person in your household, you can choose AG1's Double Subscription option to save even more on your AG1 products. Plus, AG1 ships your products to your door based on your needs. This can be every 15, 30, 45, or 60 days, and you can modify your subscription or cancel at any time. Try AG1 for yourself and see how it makes you feel. This is the best and truest test. And you can order it risk-free because AG1 offers a 60-day money-back guarantee. So click here to learn more at the Athletic Greens official website. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Uranus is a fascinating place. Planetary scientists are captivated by the ice giant's unusual methane-rich atmosphere, sporadic weather, and magnetic field that interacts with the Sun all the way from its distant orbit. And, unfortunately, it also has a name that lends itself really well to dirty jokes. It can be pronounced either "urine-us" or "your-anus," both of which open up endless possibilities for potty humor. "NASA Data Shows Something Leaking Out of Uranus," read one Futurism headline that resonated with readers last year. Scientists have also miscellaneously found that Uranus expels gas, harbors mysterious fluids, and forms puzzling "mushballs." In some cases, it feels impossible to avoid sounding risqué, even if you try. The phenomenon might be sophomoric, but it raises an intriguing question: what do the scientists who've dedicated academic careers to studying Uranus make of all this crude humor? "I think at first I found it quite frustrating," Lancaster University researcher Chris Arridge told Futurism. "There was a little bit of that 'We're doing serious stuff here,' and we're trying to push for a mission to a really scientifically interesting place. And in some sense, the butt jokes — do they devalue that in some sense? Does it make it less likely that you end up with a new space mission to study somewhere that many of us who study planets think is a really important piece of the puzzle to understanding our solar system?" Arridge said that he's gradually softened up on the jokes, but he also raised an alarming possibility: that lowbrow humor about the planet could undermine public funding for genuine research into it. "Ultimately the public pays the vast majority of this work," Arridge said. "The public is invested and the public is a major stakeholder. So it's a little bit symbiotic. If your stakeholder thinks it's a big joke, I think that can be a concern for some people." Arridge clarified that he doesn't personally feel this way, but he understood the concerns and wanted to articulate them all the same. "If the public thinks it's a joke," he added, "the next thought in that thread is 'Do they think it's a waste of money?'" Another concerned astronomer is Heidi Hammel, a prominent Space Science Institute and Planetary Society astronomer and a top expert on Neptune and Uranus, who helped craft NASA's 2010 decadal survey, in which she issued a full-throated recommendation for NASA to visit Uranus. "I truly do worry that it will make it difficult to actually get a mission to study this planet because I think that NASA would be sensitive to these headlines," Hammel told Futurism, "and sensitive to all the ridicule that they would get if they wanted to get a mission to this planet. We do want to send atmospheric probes, and we do call them probes, and it's impossible to separate that from the whole aliens probing humans thing." "The really serious thing is that I do think it could hamper our ability to get a mission to this planet," she added. "I don't think that's insurmountable, but it's something that we worry about. Maybe we'll just go to Neptune so we don't have to worry about the whole thing." Still, Hammel continues to stand behind the scientific arguments for a mission to Uranus. She conceded that there hasn't been a tangible indication that Uranus jokes pose a threat to such a mission, but she believes there's reason for concern. As of this article's publication, multiple NASA spokespeople haven't responded to Futurism's specific questions about whether there's any validity to those concerns, but most of the astronomers Futurism spoke to think that those concerns are just overly cautious researchers blowing innocuous jokes out of proportion. "There are a couple of people whose opinions I respect and whose knowledge of how things really work in Washington DC is much greater than mine," NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory planetary scientist Mark Hosfstadter, who published a 2019 paper arguing for a mission to Uranus, told Futurism. "They will say that when you go to Congress and try to argue for funding, you will take a hit because of the word Uranus. And for that reason, if you want to study an ice giant, it's better to go to Neptune." "That argument, I dislike," Hofstadter continued. "I will accept any scientific argument that says 'oh if you want to study an ice giant, Neptune is more important because of dot dot dot,' and the answer is usually [its moon] Triton. That's an argument that I can accept and respect. But to say that I'm going to choose a mission to Neptune over a mission to Uranus just because of the name, I don't think that's a good reason." But for the most part, Hofstadter said, it's all in good fun. His wife, he said, once bought him a t-shirt emblazoned with the claim that "63 Earths can fit inside Uranus. 64 if you relax." The correct number, Hofstadter explained, is actually 63.5. "There's a joking t-shirt that conveyed a fact about the planet! So that's okay by me," he said. "It's the same as this sort of tongue-in-cheek title you used. It's a way to get people to relax and learn something about science." Many other Uranus scientists also enthusiastically supported nasty jokes about their favorite gas giant. From a scientific communication point of view, several said, a sense of humor can even be a winning strategy. "I guess, coming from the general public I kind of love it," University of California astronomy PhD candidate Ned Molter told Futurism. "I think it's good to get engagement in my work in any way. That's sort of the way that I see it. Obviously, do the jokes get really tired and repetitive? Absolutely. But the thing is, the fraction of the time that I talk to the public about my work is small enough where it doesn't affect me that much. I wouldn't say I get frustrated at all. It starts a conversation." And when journalists have some fun with the topic? That's also fine by Molter. "If that's the clickbait that people want, they learn something!" Molter said. "Ninety percent of people might be 'Ha ha, that's hilarious' and ten percent will go 'Oh that’s really interesting.' I think it can only help, really." "You should use whatever headline you want that gets people to read the article, as long as it isn't crap or a lie," he added. "Honestly, making a butt joke is the most innocent way to do that. I can't think of a way that making a butt joke is going to misrepresent the work that I did." It's also just good to have a sense of humor about your work, scientists said. "To me, astrophysics seems like everyone's having fun," University of Zurich PhD candidate Deniz Soyuer told us. "We make these jokes all the time, and not just about Uranus. There are a bunch of objects in the universe. There are also 'yo mamma' jokes about black holes and stuff." Soyuer wondered aloud whether there was a generational split that might explain why some astronomers get bothered by the jokes, adding that he and his peers are from the "internet generation" and "laugh at anything." One thing that all seven experts we talked to, all of whom have published research on Uranus, agreed on is that both ice giant planets planets — Uranus and Neptune — are immensely important from a scientific standpoint yet constantly get overlooked. Only one spacecraft, Voyager 2, has ever flown past Uranus and Neptune, and that was nearly 40 years ago. "Neptune and Uranus are ridiculously underexplored compared to what we call the gas giants, Jupiter and Saturn," Soyuer said. Even the scientists who were more critical of Uranus jokes said that they saw the value in humorous scientific communications, arguing that they could help breathe life into a field otherwise dominated by extremely dense and technical papers and research. "It would be quite a boring world if it was all fairly dull and bland and factual," Arridge said. "I do see these articles about Uranus and leaking fluids and it gives me a chuckle from time to time." More on Uranus: NASA Data Shows Something Leaking out of Uranus Share This Article 
A good night's rest is essential to recharging both your mental and physical wellbeing. Since people spend about a third of their lives sleeping, the pillow you sleep on is as important as the mattress you use. So why are you still sleeping on an old pillow with drool stains all over it, especially when memory foam exists? Memory foam debuted in the '60s to absorb shock and relieve pressure in NASA's spaceships. By the '90s, this technology was finally used to make the first TempurPedic Swedish mattress. However, one of the major drawbacks of sleeping on a memory foam pillow is even though they're hypoallergenic, they're not machine washable. So if you're looking for a pillow that uses the next level of memory foam and is also machine washable, you need to know about Wavy Reimagined Memory Foam Pillows. Wavy was developed with the belief that safe, supportive and clean sleep should be accessible to everyone. The majority of consumers do not realize the risks posed by the pillows they rest their heads on every night. Wavy was developed in part to help people completely reimagine their sleep health. Wavy uses water instead of chemicals to make their pillows. This protects both their customers and the environment. All of Wavy's foams are designed to be fully machine washable, and caring for your Wavy Pillow is simple. Wash it on a delicate setting in cold water in a washing machine without an agitator. Then tumble dry on the lowest heat setting for 30-45 minutes, or until completely dry. Additional dryer time may be necessary based on the machine you use, and that's normal. Wavy recommends washing your wavy pillow once per month to keep it hygienical. Wavy's Cove Pillow is the perfect sleep companion for side-sleepers. This plush side-sleeper pillow is designed to comfort and support your neck and head. The Cove Pillow uses a new kind of memory foam that's not only supportive but also machine washable and dryer safe. The special cut allows the pillow to contour around the shoulder and allows for the head to sit in the middle of the pillow so side-sleepers can get maximum comfort. This durable and long-lasting pillow is covered in a sheer mesh that works with the foam to regulate heat and let the foam operate at full function. Wavy's Swell Pillow is a plush pillow designed for all-sleepers and designed to comfort and support both your neck and head. Swell is a new kind of memory foam pillow that's not only supportive but also machine washable and dryer safe. This material also makes the Swell Pillow great for allergy sufferers as it's an optimal alternative to down feather pillows. And the special cuts on the pillow allow air to flow through as well as water. And like the Cove, this durable, long-lasting pillow is covered in a sheer mesh that works with the foam to regulate heat and let the foam operate at full function. That way you stay cool and comfortable all night long. Right now, you'll get free shipping with any purchase of a Wavy Pillow. And if you're not satisfied for any reason, return your pillow within 30-days for a refund. So what are you waiting for? Step into the future of deep sleep with Wavy's Cove and Swell Pillows. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Learning didn’t always work like this, did it? We all grew up with loads of classroom-focused, one-on-one coursework in schools with teachers we knew, who knew us and we're constantly keeping a sharp eye on our scholastic progress. As the smartphone rose to prominence, so did the novelty of app-based learning, making courses in virtually any area available right through your phone. That was an unquestioned win for convenience, but not necessarily for adult education. While some people have the self-discipline to learn through an app, stick to a curriculum, and power themselves to subject mastery, many of us can’t quite find that gear. It’s definitely harder than you think, even if you pair it with more outlandish study methods. Now, the pendulum is swinging back. Many learners are coming around to the real value of face-to-face, old-school education. Babbel built an empire 10-million strong on teaching foreign language study via an app, but now, even the king of foreign language app training sees the value of live learning as well. That led to Babbel’s new initiative Babbel Live, a learning system that depends on live virtual classes and real one-on-one communication, but without losing the resources and techniques that have made Babbel such a hit worldwide. When you sign up for Babbel Live, you can pick between 1, 3, 6, or 12-month subscriptions to unlock unlimited classes during your subscription period. That's right, take as many classes as you want for just one monthly price - a price that is up to 65% off right now. Even with Babbel Live, language learning is still based on convenience, with a giant roster of more than 70 classes available each day so you can always find a class time that best fits your hyper-customized schedule. Regardless of skill level, users just select the time and subject that works for them, then log in when your class is supposed to start. Each course is led by a certified language teacher in a class that never includes more than six students. By capping class sizes at such a small number, each student is assured to get direct personal access to the instructor and plenty of opportunities to speak up and test their developing skills. Their teachers have a 4.8/5 satisfaction score, so you're in good hands. Most of us learn best by doing, and the Babbel Live system is as hands-on as language training gets. After a quick dive into the full scope of the lesson, including pronunciation, grammar, vocabulary, and cultural context, plenty of course time is dedicated to maximizing your speaking practice in a judgment-free environment.  You talk with a fellow classmate at your skill level, all while your instructor assesses your performance, then offers instant feedback so you’re immediately ready for more. Once the class is over, the learning doesn’t have to end, since this Babbel Live membership also grants full access to all of Babbel’s app-based language learning as well. While students pick up plenty in their live courses, the app allows them to keep up their studies whenever it fits, with podcasts, games, short stories, and more to really complement the live lessons. Learn in the 21st century with Babbel Live! Right now, users can head over to the Babbel Live website to get up to 65% off, see what plan works best to learn their chosen language, then get started learning in this new-old way. Prices subject to change Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For just a few days, these 17 coding and engineering bundles are just $20 each. Whether you're looking to master a new coding language, build your own gear, or get more from the tech you own, act fast to get these bundles at our lowest price. IT professional Vijay Saini shows you how to script, automate, and design tools with PowerShell, Microsoft's configuration and automation tool. Get the Microsoft PowerShell Certification Bundle for $20 (reg. $600). Learn everything you need about cybersecurity to pass any certification exam, with the help of senior penetration tester Mohamed Atef. Get the A to Z Cyber Security & IT Certification Training Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,437). Ahmed Madhy, a working power engineer, lays out how to power machines, connect solar panels, and much more. Get the Ultimate Electrical Power Engineer Preparation Program Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,000). Learn the mathematics behind engineering from the engineers who use math every day, with courses on applied calculus, linear algebra, matrices, and statistics. Get The Mathematics for Engineers Prep Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,195). This 27-course bundle touches on every popular coding language, from app development in Swift to robotics operating systems. Get the Premium Learn to Code 2021 Certification Bundle for $20 (reg. $4,056). Scott Duffy and Anand Nednur work with Azure every day as cloud architects and trainers, and these six courses dig into what you need to know to work with Azure and get certified as an expert. Get the 2021 Complete Microsoft Azure Certification Prep Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,194). This 13-course bundle is designed to get those new to code working as professionals, looking at data science, web development, and Python. Get the Master Learn to Code 2021 Certification Bundle for $20 (reg. $2,594). The Oak Academy Team has designed this for both IT professionals and beginners, to demonstrate and then have you perform the fundamentals of penetration testing, network scanning, exploits, and social engineering. Get the 2021 All-in-One Ethical Hacking & Penetration Testing Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,800). Learn how Ethereum and Solidity work together in this new financial and data instrument, from experts who use it daily. Get the Cryptocurrency with Ethereum & Solidity Blockchain Developer Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,200). Eduardo Renard, a computer engineer and roboticist, once built a robot arm entirely from scratch using tools like Arduino and Raspberry Pi. In these 6 courses, he lays out step-by-step the knowledge you need to build your own bots. Get the 2021 Raspberry Pi & Arduino Bootcamp Bundle for $20 (reg. $995). A team of data experts shows you how to get the most from Excel and Google Sheets, and how to use them both for the best results. Get the Premium Google Sheets & Microsoft Excel Certification Bundle for $20 (reg. $2,200). Over 79 hours, this bundle will show you everything you need to begin developing your own machine learning tools, from the basics of Python to managing Big Data. Get the Premium Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Super Bundle for $20 (reg. $2,388). Mathematicians, engineers, and entrepreneurs have you learn math by doing it, demonstrating concepts and applying problems so you can master concepts. Get the Ultimate Learn to Master Mathematics Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,800). Professional drone pilots teach you how to get the best footage and how to film tricky subjects from the air. Get the All-in-One Phantom DJI Drone & Mavic Filmschool Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,400). Blockchain experts explain what a non-fungible token is, and how artists and others can use them to monetize assets, in this 6-course bundle. Get the Complete NFT & Cryptocurrency Wealth Building Masterclass Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,200). The experienced Java programmers teaching in this bundle use real-world problems and help you code through them, learning how Java functions by doing. Get the Premium Java Programming Certification Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,600). Experienced web developers get you up to speed fast with code-along projects and training in Bootstrap, OpenGL, VR for the web, and much more. Get the Web Development Crash Course Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,200). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re already an investor in cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, you know both the advantages and disadvantages they have over conventional money. One of the big drawbacks of crypto as a digital asset is that it can make an easy target for hackers or other online threats. And unlike cold hard cash, you can’t just lock it up in a safe or bury it in your backyard. Or can you? But with a Ledger Nano crypto wallet, you can keep your holdings safe and sound in the physical location of your choosing, away from online threats. When you have cryptocurrency, it’s accessed by way of a private key that only you are supposed to know. A Ledger crypto wallet doesn’t actually “store” your crypto, but it is the best way to safeguard and protect that all-important key, both from hackers and other external threats as well as your own faulty memory. Rather than storing your key on your phone or computer, where it could be subject to hackers and other prying eyes, the Ledger Nano keeps your private keys offline and in your pocket, where nobody but you can get at them. If you’re new to the world of cryptocurrency, the Ledger Nano S is designed for you. The world’s most popular cryptocurrency wallet, the Nano S, is engineered to be user-friendly and intuitive even to those with little to no cryptocurrency experience. With a Nano S, you can secure, buy, and grow all your crypto holdings in the palm of your hand when used in conjunction with the Ledger Live mobile app. Crypto applications supported by Ledger include Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Bitcoin Cash, EOS, Stellar, and many more. You can keep up to three of those apps installed on the Ledger Nano S at once, and whatever crypto you’re holding on them stays secure, offline, and only accessible by you. And when you use the Ledger Live app, you can buy, sell, and trade your crypto holdings 24 hours a day, wherever you are in the world (provided you can connect to the Internet). Affordably priced at $59, the Ledger Nano S is the perfect crypto wallet for anyone new to investing and growing their wealth in crypto. On the other hand, if you’re a seasoned crypto investor who wants a more advanced piece of hardware, you’ll probably be more interested in the Ledger Nano X. The Nano X is just as secure as the Nano S, but with more advanced features, like Bluetooth connectivity, a larger screen, and more storage capacity. And remember how the Nano S can store up to three crypto apps at a time? The Nano X can store up to 100, giving you complete dominion over your entire cryptocurrency portfolio every minute of every day. If you’re an experienced crypto investor looking for a better, more secure, and more convenient way to store your digital assets, the Ledger Nano X is an obvious choice, priced at $119. Whether you’re opting for the Ledger Nano S or Ledger Nano X crypto wallet, there’s no better way to keep your crypto assets secure and accessible, wherever you go. Order yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Want to pick up a new coding skill? For a limited time, you can save up to 98% on our top coding and engineering courses. The team at Eduonix offers 207 lectures on building great web pages, from the basics of HTML to advanced database queries. Get the Full Stack Web Development Course for $10 (reg. $100). Cybersecurity expert Mohamed Atef discusses over 270 different technologies to find and close off security gaps in networks and systems. Get the Complete Ethical Hacking Certification Course for $10 (reg. $200). Taught by mathematician Miran Fattah, this lecture series starts by refreshing your math knowledge before delving into logics, matrices, circuits, and other practical mathematical concepts. Get the Discrete Mathematics Course for $10 (reg. $199). This 2-hour course is built to save you time, showing you how to quickly parse large data sets and find the information you need. Get the Power Query for Excel & Power BI Course for $10 (reg. $199). If you've ever wanted to automate all the boring parts of handling your finances, this course teaches you how with simple and practical code-along projects. Get the Python for Finance Course for $10 (reg. $199). Learn how to visualize data and draw effective conclusions from large sets across 74 lectures from data scientists and visualization experts. Get the Tableau Training & Certification Course for $10 (reg. $199). Built for absolute beginners, front-end engineer Rob Merrill teaches you the fundamentals of Python with 6 code-along mini-app projects. Get the Python for Everyone Course for $10 (reg. $199). If you're ready to really crunch your financial data, this course shows you how to use Python to dig deep into what you spend, what you take in, and what the trends tell you. Get the Hands-On Python for Finance Course for $10 (reg. $124). Sorin Constantin, an online entrepreneur and cryptocurrency expert, lays out how this new financial instrument works in this hour-long course. Get the Cryptocurrency Wealth Creation: Staking, Lending & Trading Course for $10 (reg. $200). Built around dozens of coding challenges, Java expert Rob Merrill shows you how to begin working in Java and understanding its code when you see it. Get the Complete Java Developer Course: From Beginner to Master for $10 (reg. $200). Certified by Java creators Oracle, Lawrence Decamora has designed a 20-hour course built around practice, not theory, as you put concepts to work. Get Java: A Complete Tutorial from Zero to JDBC Course for $10 (reg. $200). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you're tired of constantly turning to alcohol while socializing, there is an alternative. Euphoric beverages, like those from Kin, are non alcoholic drinks that can enhance your mood without getting you drunk. Perhaps more importantly, they allow you to socially lubricate without giving you a hangover the next morning. And the newest, and perhaps greatest addition to their product lineup is Kin Lightwave. The flavor of Kin Lightwave combines lavender-vanilla, birch, and smoked sea salts into a refreshing and tasty rainbow. But the flavor is far from the only reason to enjoy Lightwave. Its euphoric properties come from its active ingredients of Reishi Mushroom, Saffron, L-Tryptophan. While responses to Kin euphorics differ, some of the most commonly reported sensations include a sense of calm, clearer thinking, and better social connections — and, again, no hangovers. If a drink that acts as the proverbial social lubricant without getting you drunk or giving you a hangover sounds too good to be true, you probably just have to experience Kin Lightwave for yourself. But if you’re interested in the chemical components of non alcoholic Lightwave, the main ingredients all come down to adaptogens, nootropics, and botanics. Reishi Mushroom and Passionflower are adaptogens that boost your adrenal system and give your body more balanced and healthy stress responses. Lightwave’s nootropics are L-Theanine, L-Serine, L-Tryptophan, and Magnesium Glycinate, which come together to give your brain a much needed boost. Then, there are botanics like Lavender Extract, Cinnamon, Saffron, and Gentian Root, which give the beverage flavor and aroma as well as a feeling of calm and relaxation, plus a handy boost to your body’s immune system. Like any euphoric, Kin Lightwave can be a great replacement for alcohol, particularly for those who are interested in “social drinking” but aren’t into getting drunk and hungover. Meant to confer a sense of “grounding calm” to both your mind and your spirit, non alcoholic Lightwave billed as “a functional beverage for modern rituals,” and could make a nice modern beverage for your ritual functions, too. Inside each can of Kin Lightwave you’re likely to find a sense of calm, a boost to your brainpower, and better, clearer social interactions. That, plus its one-of-a-kind flavor, means you’ll probably want to enjoy one or two more. But Kin recommends you hold yourself to four cans of Lightwave at most in a 24-hour period. If you’re interested in non alcoholic Kin Lightwave, you can order a pack of eight cans for $30, or save a little by purchasing a 16-pack for $56. And you can save even more and have it shipped for free by going for a monthly subscription. So head over to the Kin online store and order your supply of non alcoholic Kin Lightwave now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Drones were once so expensive, you only found them in military arsenals and it took a pilot's license to get one in the air. Now, though, they're everywhere, doing scientific grunt work, and they're easy to fly. This 4K Dual-Camera Pro GPS Drone puts a 4K image handy for wherever you want to film. It's on sale for just $69.95 (reg. $272). For new pilots, this drone is a snap to control. The included remote has a range of up to 1,200 meters with intuitive buttons to get in the air and stay there. One-key takeoff and landing means you'll never have to worry about crashing when battery power is low, And a 2.4G motor and altitude holding keeps your drone at the right level. If you're not sure where you want to fly next, you won't have to worry about turbulence pushing it away in the meantime. If you're learning to fly, it's an ideal companion, and the only tools you'll need are your phone and the included screwdriver for attaching parts. It also offers smooth, stable video for any application. The 3-axis gimbal helps keep the camera stable, and is paired with electronic image stabilization (EIS) to reduce jittery video. The GPS capability gives you useful data and new ways to fly, so you can hit specific points. And a downward facing camera in the body captures aerial shots useful for mapping and other scientific work. It's also convenient to operate. When not in use, it folds up into an included padded case, so you can tuck it in your gear and go. The 3800 mAh battery is easily recharged with a USB cord, and a set of spare propellers and optional protectors ensure you're not short of needed parts. Get a 4K Dual-Camera Pro GPS Drone for $69.95 (reg. $272). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists from NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab in California are projecting that humanity could become a multi-world species in a much shorter timeframe than one might think. And the clock is ticking, as the team argues in a preprint paper published in July. "Beginning with the development and deployment of the first nuclear weapons near the end of World War II, humanity entered a ‘Window of Peril’ which will not be safely closed until robust off-world colonies become a reality," the paper reads. "Our findings suggest the first human-crewed missions to land on Mars, selected Asteroid Belt objects, and selected moons of Jupiter and Saturn can occur before the end of the 21st century," they argue. By the 23rd century, we could reach the ends of the Solar System, and by the end of the 24th century, we could start traveling to other star systems. It's a refreshingly out-of-the-box thought experiment that illustrates the importance of humans finding a home away from home — a sentiment long held by SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. And without a strong push into deep space, they argue, humanity could be doomed. "An aggressive and sustained space exploration program, which includes colonization, is thus seen as critical to the long-term survival of the human race," they write. Scientists have often hypothesized a "Great Filter" causing intelligent civilizations to keep veering towards self-annihilation. It's one possible response to Fermi's Paradox. That theory, brought forward by Nobel laureate Enrico Fermi in 1950, brought attention to the lack of clear evidence of extraterrestrial life, despite the incomprehensible number of stars and planets in the known universe. And on a practical level, humanity is facing several existential threats, including nuclear war, climate change, and of course the menace of yet another pathogen spreading across the globe. And that's not to mention asteroid impacts, erupting super-volcanoes, or runaway artificial intelligence. There may be an obvious solution: getting the hell off of Earth. But how long would that take? To arrive at an answer, or at least an estimate, the NASA team crunched the numbers. Instead of taking every possible piece of human knowledge about the cosmos into account, a Herculean task, the team decided to key in on computing power — the number of processors in a single microprocessor to be precise — which could eventually enable us to travel to the far reaches of space and establish off-world colonies. The more computing power, the better we are at building out the kind of technologies that will allow us to embark on deep space missions. Their conclusion: we could land the first humans on Mars by 2038, and in the Asteroid Belt around the year 2064. And we could get to Proxima Centauri, the closest neighboring star system, by 2254. "By creating at least one, and preferably multiple, self-sustaining and genetically viable off-world colonies, humanity can best assure its long-term survival from both natural and human-caused calamities that threaten life on Earth," the team concludes. And the stakes couldn't be higher. "Off-world colonization, like the Great Filter’s self-annihilation, is within humanity’s reach — which we choose as our future will constitute Earth’s reply to Fermi’s Paradox," they wrote. More on becoming multiplanetary: Elon Musk Celebrates Starship Landing: “Needed to Make Life Multiplanetary” Share This Article 
Prince William, a member of the British royal family and second in line for the throne, wasn't impressed with "Star Trek" actor William Shatner's brief joyride to the upper reaches of the Earth's atmosphere on board a Blue Origin rocket. "We need some of the world's greatest brains and minds fixed on trying to repair this planet, not trying to find the next place to go and live," he told the BBC. "I think that ultimately is what sold it for me — that really is quite crucial to be focusing on this [planet] rather than giving up and heading out into space to try and think of solutions for the future," he added. It's a line of reasoning that has grown in popularity ever since billionaires started offering rides to those who can afford it to space — or at least near it — although it's an ironic critique to hear from a mega-wealthy member of an actual royal family. The reality, though, is that humanity is facing an existential climate crisis and the ultra-rich are hell-bent on getting off the planet. Most recently, Shatner got a ride from Jeff Bezos' space company Blue Origin on Wednesday. The 90-year-old Canadian got to experience weightlessness for several minutes, a life-changing experience that had him in tears. Many who have made the journey to space, including professional astronauts, talk about the "overview effect," a cognitive shift after gaining a unique perspective on our planet. Seeing our home from a distance seems to provide a rare and humbling glimpse: humanity crowded together, living together on a small lump of carbon. "To see the blue color go whip by," a shaken Shatner told Bezos shortly after touchdown on Wednesday. "This comforter of blue we have around us… Then you’re looking into black ugliness. There’s mother of Earth and comfort, and then there is death. Is that what death is?" But is that really enough of a benefit, having those who can afford to go to space come back with a renewed enthusiasm for life? Or perhaps even fighting for our survival by advocating for meaningful change to save the environment? It's a complicated question. Blasting off to space comes with its own substantial carbon footprint, with a single rocket launch emitting almost 100 times the carbon dioxide compared to a long-haul flight, according to experts. To many of those who support space exploration, it's a false dichotomy. "God this is such a boring take," journalist Daniel Oberhaus wrote in a tweet responding to Prince William's comments. "Why do we insist on endlessly regurgitating the idea of space exploration and environmental stewardship as mutually exclusive goals?" Our scientific understanding has also greatly benefited from the research being conduct on the International Space Station. NASA astronauts have long studied the Earth's climate on board the orbital outpost, potentially allowing us to find ways to protect the environment. But that's a long shot from a billionaire CEO going on an 11-minute rocket journey, which is more akin to an extremely expensive rollercoaster ride. Even the first all-tourist journey into orbit on board SpaceX's Crew Dragon earlier this year won't exactly further our understanding of the Earth's climate. Prince William, for one, has his mind set. He told the BBC that he has "absolutely no interest" in going to space thanks to the carbon cost of space launches. But is it really a zero sum game? At the very least — in a disappointing consolation prize — maybe brief joyrides into space could give the wealthy and powerful a new perspective on just how precarious the situation is for humanity, causing them to invest their considerable wealth to reverse some of the damage we have done back on Earth. Or maybe they'll still be jerks afterward. READ MORE: Prince William: Saving Earth should come before space tourism [BBC] More on Shatner's trip: William Shatner Takes Blue Origin Joyride, as Scandals Plague Company Share This Article 
Yesterday, we reported that the military hardware company Ghost Robotics had debuted a robodog with an attached sniper rifle. Now, experts are speaking out against the heavily armed robodog, which they say marks an inflection point in the development of killer robots — and should represent an urgent opportunity to reflect on whether the tech should be allowed at all. "This crosses a moral, legal and technical line, taking us to a dark and dangerous world," UNSW Sydney AI professor Toby Walsh told Futurism. "Such weapons will be used by terrorists and rogue states. They will be weapons of terror." Walsh also pointed out that while it's not clear how much autonomy Ghost's robodog currently has, world militaries are already blurring the line between deadly drones controlled by human operators and ones with autonomous killing capability. In particular, he pointed to an incident in November of last year in which Israeli operatives assassinated an Iranian scientist using an AI-assisted robot machine gun. "I only hope it adds urgency to the ongoing discussions at the UN to regulate this space, and quietens those voices saying the technology is a long way off," Walsh said, referring to Ghost's robodog. "It isn't." University of California, Berkeley computer scientist Stuart Russell, who's written extensively about lethal autonomous weapon systems, said that he had observed overwhelmingly negative reactions online to the armed robodog. "The vast majority of responses to this announcement on Twitter are of the 'hope you burn in hell' variety," Russell said. "That's because normal people understand that allowing machines to decide to kill humans is a bad idea. As one of the responses says, Terminator was a WARNING, not a MANUAL." The rifle-equipped robodog was specifically a Q-UGV model, Kelsey Atherton wrote in a detailed breakdown for our sister publication Popular Science, and its firearm was made by SWORD International, with a range of 3,900 feet. The decision to arm a robodog also puts Ghost out ahead of its competitor Boston Dynamics, which has wowed the world with its technical demonstrations but publicly pledged not to weaponize its robots. In fact, Boston Dynamics was very angry earlier this year when artists mounted a paintball gun to one of its Spot robodogs, which is very similar in size and function to Ghost's Q-UGV. Not everybody was equally alarmed by the Ghost prototype. University of Pennsylvania professor of political science Michael Horowitz, another expert on autonomous weapon systems, told us that he saw the robodog as similar to the type of armed drone already used by numerous international militaries. "Given that the system is controlled by humans, and other countries have developed armed, remotely-piloted robotic ground systems, I am not sure this system raises any new ethical questions beyond those raised by any remotely-piloted system, whether in the air or on the ground," Horowitz said. "But I would need to know more about system details to be sure." More on Ghost Robotics: Uh Oh, They Strapped a Sniper Rifle to a Robot Dog Share This Article 
For centuries human beings have used caffeine to give ourselves a boost. And that’s not a bad thing. Caffeine helps us feel more awake and alert by blocking the brain’s drowsiness receptors. However, thanks to modern science, today we can do a lot more for our brains than simply making them feel not drowsy. Our understanding of brain chemistry and nootropic compounds has come a long way over the last few decades. And right now, Formula nootropics are at the cutting edge of the industry. Though sometimes referred to and marketed as “smart drugs,” nootropics are actually just nutrient compounds that promote maximum cognition. When taken as supplements, nootropics have been shown to enhance energy, motivation, creativity, memory, and focus. However, they are not actually making you smarter. They are merely unlocking your brain’s full potential. Of course, there are a lot of different nootropic compounds out there, and they all do different things. Caffeine, the world’s most widely used nootropic, is a central nervous system stimulant. It’s used to enhance wakefulness and attention. Nootropics like racetams and peptides, on the other hand, are used for stress relief, focus, and stamina. They are some of the most potent and most studied nootropics on the market today, and include things like noopept, pramiracetam, phenylpiracetam, oxiracetam, and aniracetam. Choline sources are another class of nootropics. They all promote the production of acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter essential for memory, learning, and neuroprotection. Common choline sources used as nootropics include alpha GPC, centrophenoxine, and citicoline. Last but not least, there are also numerous vitamins and adaptogens that function as nootropics because they have been shown to combat fatigue, stress, and toxins while supporting learning and memory. These include things like MCT oil, a medium-chain triglyceride extracted from coconut oil that supports cognition, memory, mental clarity, and social motivation; sulbutiamine, a synthetic derivative of thiamine, a.k.a. vitamin B1, which is used to treat fatigue; and vinpocetine, a compound extracted from periwinkle plants with vasodilatory, neuroprotective, anti-inflammatory, and antioxidant effects. With so many different nootropics on the market, the million dollar question is, how do you know which ones are right for you? Luckily, a supplement company called Formula was specifically founded to answer this very question. Today there are a lot of high quality nootropics supplements on the market. The problem is that most of them are one-size-fits-all formulations. And that means it can be very difficult and expensive to figure out which one is best for you. At Formula, they understand that every brain is different, with its own unique chemistry and nutritional needs. That’s why they create custom nootropics supplements tailored to your lifestyle and goals. How do they do it? The short answer is science. The slightly longer answer is that they use a proprietary algorithm to compare you with the world’s largest nootropics data set, which includes results from thousands of clinical trials, research on 127 different ingredients, and real-world results collected from thousands of individuals. All you have to do to get started is complete Formula’s lifestyle questionnaire, which includes questions about what, specifically, you are looking for in a nootropics supplement. They will then send you a starter kit with several different formulas based on your answers. You simply try the different formulas and report the results. Formula will then use their algorithm to determine a more precise blend of nootropics just for you. To date, Formula has created over 75,000 different nootropics combinations for over 400,000 people with a 96-percent satisfaction rate. Obviously, this is a very complex process. However, Formula guarantees your satisfaction. After you go through the trial phase to find the right blend nootropics, if you are not completely satisfied with your custom formula, simply contact the company for a full refund. If you are looking for a smarter way to boost energy, mental clarity, and creativity, you need to take a look at Formula. It could be just the solution you’ve been looking for. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A well-designed website can make life better for everyone who uses it, and protect ourselves, our kids, and even our pets from hackers. Yet staying on top of the ever-changing world of web development can be a second job itself. The SitePoint Web Development Hub Premium Membership helps keep experts on track with the field, while making it easy for new developers to catch up. It's on sale for just $59.99 (reg. $216). SitePoint was found in 1999 by Mark Harbottle and Matt Mickiewicz, 2 web developers who found themselves frustrated with the diffuse nature of web development training. Rather than wait for books to hit print or to learn from the nascent web development blogs, they gathered all the information needed about web development into one place for anyone to use. More than 20 years later, SitePoint publishes books, stocks the work of other respected publishers like Wiley and SixtyNorth in their library, hosts lectures and training videos, and offers entire courses on web development for those new to the concepts and those seeking to brush up alike. A premium access subscription gives you full access to the library, presented in a format that's easy to read regardless of the device you're using. There's no e-reader or tablet needed, and nothing to download, so all you need is a browser to get started. That includes access to all the up-to-date instructional texts SitePoint publishes, as well as texts from its partners. In addition, you get a curated library of tech talks and video courses, selected by SitePoint's experienced staff for both their educational content and ability to engage with students. The library is updated weekly with new content, so you'll always have something else to learn. Get a SitePoint Web Development Hub Premium Membership for $59.99 (reg. $216). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It was an awkward moment. As soon as famed "Star Trek" actor William Shatner clambered out of Blue Origin's New Shepard capsule, as seen on Blue Origin's live stream today, he was clearly overcome, visibly shaken by the experience of seeing the Earth whip by. Shatner, alongside three other passengers, reached an apogee of over 66 miles during today's launch, narrowly crossing the boundary of space, at least depending on who you ask. But when he tried to tell the company's co-founder, Jeff Bezos, about the profound experience, things got weird. As Shatner tried to wax poetic about the experience, Bezos listened for a few moments, but then turned away from a displeased-looking Shatner to focus on something more pressing: champagne. "Give me a champagne bottle," Bezos said, gesturing to nearby staff and interrupting Shatner. "I want one." "Here," the billionaire continued, popping the bottle and spraying Blue Origin employees with it as Shatner looked on, appearing nonplussed. "You want a little of this?" moment of zen pic.twitter.com/beDcX4nwlB — Futurism (@futurism) October 13, 2021  Shatner, in contrast, seemed profoundly affected by the once-in-a-lifetime experience, and refused a swig from Bezos' bottle. It was a brief and bizarre clash of wavelengths and priorities that encapsulated what Bezos seems to be after: building a profitable space empire, with more emphasis on glitz and glamor than the philosophical implications of space travel. To Bezos' credit, he did take a couple of minutes to listen to Shatner wax poetic about life and death after hosing down his lackeys with bubbly. "It was so moving," a shaken Shatner told Bezos. "This experience is something unbelievable," adding that every human on Earth should be able to have the same. "To see the blue color go whip by," he added. "This comforter of blue we have around us... Then you're looking into black ugliness. There's mother of Earth and comfort, and then there is death. Is that what death is?" Bezos stared at him almost incredulously. At one point, he muttered: "It's so beautiful." "No, I mean your words," he clarified. Shatner seemed genuinely moved by the experience, even if Bezos was in party mode. "I hope I never recover from this," he told Bezos. "I don't want to lose it. It's so much larger than me and life." More on the launch: William Shatner Takes Blue Origin Joyride, as Scandals Plague Company Share This Article 
Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas is warning that the next cyberattack could end up killing people — a dangerous and imminent shift from ransomware to "killware." In an interview with USA Today, Mayorkas noted that the Colonial Pipeline ransomware attack in April, which shut down much of the gas supply along the East Coast, was distracting from a far more egregious hack. "And that is an attempted hack of a water treatment facility in Florida, and the fact that that attack was not for financial gain but rather purely to do harm," he told the newspaper. The hack almost led to the contamination of much of the water supply in Oldsmar, Florida, with a remote hacker attempting to increase the amount of sodium hydroxide 100 fold. The chemical, more commonly known as lye, is lethal at higher undiluted concentrations. "The attempted hack of this water treatment facility in February 2021 demonstrated the grave risks that malicious cyber activity poses to public health and safety," Mayorkas told USA Today. "The attacks are increasing in frequency and gravity, and cybersecurity must be a priority for all of us." Thanks to the rise of internet-connected devices all across America, hackers have far more potential weaknesses to exploit. Eventually, cyber attackers could end up posing a very real threat. In a July report, security firm Gartner warned that "cyber attackers will have weaponized operational technology environments to successfully harm or kill humans" by 2025. Even more worrying than the Oldsmar incident is the potential of hackers targeting hospitals. Such an attack could lead to patients suffering grave long-term consequences to their health and even risk dying. Worse yet, private healthcare providers are often not reporting ransomware hacks to the government, according to USA Today. Earlier this month, a woman sued a hospital after it failed to report a ransomware attack that reportedly led to the death of her newborn child. Hackers gained control over the Springhill Medical Center in Alabama back in 2019. The hospital never acknowledged the attack, according to The Wall Street Journal. According to Gartner's report, it will soon make financial sense to take the threats seriously and take precautionary action. "Even without taking the actual value of a human life into the equation, the costs for organizations in terms of compensation, litigation, insurance, regulatory fines and reputation loss will be significant," the report reads. It's a troubling development that should serve as a warning sign. Many parts of the country's critical infrastructure are more vulnerable than ever — and lives are at stake. READ MORE: The next big cyberthreat isn't ransomware. It's killware. And it's just as bad as it sounds. [USA Today] More on cyberattacks: Cyberattack on Farming Group Could Lead to Food Shortages Share This Article 
Despite centuries of anecdotal findings, there hasn’t been a clear, approachable mass understanding of the science behind alcohol and why it makes you feel bad the next day. Countless "wives tale cures" have been touted as the "next best thing" for years, but with little-to-no science backing up their claims. It wasn't until 2012 when dihydromyricetin (DHM) was discovered to have alcohol-related properties – a study that Cheers founder & CEO, Brooks Powell, stumbled upon in 2014. As a sophomore at Princeton in 2014, Powell was in the right place at the right time when he came across an article titled "Dihydromyricetin As a Novel Anti-Alcohol Intoxication Medication" published in the Journal of Neuroscience. This landmark study showed bona fide scientific benefits as it relates to DHM & alcohol consumption. DHM is a natural plant extract that has been used for centuries as an herbal liver supplement and hangover remedy in traditional Eastern medicine. However, it wasn’t until this study was introduced to the academic community that DHM found its scientific credibility. Among other findings, researchers found that DHM was shown to bind to the same brain receptor that alcohol binds to, the GABAa receptor, and by doing so, reduces GABAa rebound—the primary cause of why you feel less than 100% the next day. Since then, many studies have corroborated these findings. Powell saw this promising research as an opportunity to test DHM's next-day efficacy on humans and worked with a patent team to conduct a human study. Participants felt an average of 50% better the next day after taking the formula, leading to the official launch of Cheers' best-selling product, an after-alcohol aid (now known as Cheers Restore). One Shark Tank appearance, over 300,000 customers, and $25 million in revenue later, Cheers has become a leading force in alcohol-related health. Because DHM is a naturally occurring organic compound, there is no way to patent it directly. You can, however, patent ways to increase its efficacy. DHM in its natural state suffers from poor bioavailability and requires a lot of it to be effective. For years, Cheers has been working to solve this roadblock. After almost a decade of research, their new patent-pending permeabilizer technology co-invented with an Ivy League University is their “key” to unlocking DHM’s bioavailability, potentially giving Cheers a competitive edge that arguably no one can match. One of their in-vivo studies revealed that they could increase the bioavailability of DHM by up to 19x when co-administered with capric acid – which is found in high amounts from natural sources, such as coconut or palm oil. Now utilized in their newest product, a beverage form of Cheers Restore, this technology helps lay the groundwork for a retail debut. To date, Cheers has sold over 13 million doses of their products solely through online sales. In 2020, Cheers generated ~$1.7 million in profit, marking the first year of profitability and carving out their place as a leader in alcohol-related health. Now, the company is setting its sights on the bigger picture of tapping into the ~$250 billion U.S. alcohol market. Cheers has launched their latest investment drive on StartEngine as part of their 2021 omnichannel expansion plans. Their goal for retail is simple: anywhere alcohol is sold, they want Cheers to be sold there, too. Those who see investment potential in Cheers, their DHM permeabilizer technology, and the alcohol-related health category as a whole can head to the Cheers' StartEngine campaign to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We hate to admit it, but we’re all tethered to our smartphones and tablets to an alarming degree. Nobody wants to feel dependent on a piece of tech to get through the day, but those smart devices are practically glued to our hands, guiding virtually every communication and interaction. In fact, almost two out of every three Americans check their phones up to 160 times a day. And why? For the information, that’s why. And for every piece of information we all need to check and consult, we’re creating new information at the same time. Information about what we want, what we need, where we are, where we’re going, what we’re buying, who we’re communicating with, what we like and what we don’t like. Every move we make and choice we take creates new information about you, as well as data privacy concerns. You might think that because you made that choice involving your accounts on your devices that your information belongs to you. Most organizations from governments to major corporations to social media platforms disagree. They think if they have access to it, the data belongs to them. If you purchased a neon orange pair of Nikes, then any company with access to that information thinks they’re ready to then market their own sneakers, bright orange products or other related items to you. If they harvested or bought the record of your transaction, they feel they own it. TIKI begs to differ. They’re not only standing firmly with the people against the companies in the data ownership struggle, but their app is wrangling that ownership back to those creating the data. TIKI even helps the average digital user do something they’ve never been able to do before: actually sell their own data choices to those ravenous retailers and services. TIKI is an app that basically serves as the watchdog, advocate, agent and protector of all your digital details. With TIKI installed, the app turns its watchful eye to every app or platform you encounter like Facebook, Google and others. TIKI then gives you the choice of whether that outside business or platform can have your information and anonymizes your data if you choose to sell it. TIKI’s interface makes the decision almost effortless. Just like perusing a dating app, you swipe left to deny a company’s wish for your data or swipe right to allow it. If you’re cool with Target noting your love for peanut M&M’s, swipe right. If you don’t want Facebook’s AI facial recognition software to track your face in all your pictures, swipe left. It’s that simple. Of course, considering consumer data is a multi-billion dollar business, it’s only fair that if you’re offering up information about you, your life and your consumer patterns for a company’s use, that you’re fairly compensated for that data. That’s when TIKI steps up to act as your representative. TIKI can literally help facilitate the sale of the information you choose to divulge to a company in return for its fair worth. That’s usually no more than a dollar or two, but better you get paid than a company aggregating your information themselves, right? Your data is 100 percent fully encrypted and stored only in your devices for complete anonymity. Money from sales is fed into your own online accounts and can be withdrawn in the form of cash, cryptocurrency or even donated to a worthy cause. Over 120,000 users have downloaded and taken advantage of TIKI since its launch earlier this year. The company is now looking to expand its footprint by bringing on interested investors. Potential backers can head over to TIKI's StartEngine page, evaluate the profit potential of the company and decide whether they want to invest as little as $250 for a stake in TIKI’s future earnings. Investors like physician Rikesh Govan have already come on board, praising TIKI for its anonymized data and noting its enormous potential in other fields, including healthcare. Get in on the ground floor of this groundbreaking data privacy solution! You can head over to the TIKI StartEngine campaign, read up and make an investment decision today. Prices subject to change Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Beam me up, Jeffrey! Blue Origin has launched William Shatner, best known as the actor who played Captain Kirk in the "Star Trek" franchise, to an altitude of 66.5 miles. Shatner was joined by biotech entrepreneur Glen de Vries, Blue Origin’s Vice President of Mission & Flight Operations Audrey Powers, and Australian physicist and engineer Chris Boshuizern. "That was unlike anything they described," Shatner could be heard saying while gliding back down the surface — despite having "gone where no man has gone before" as an actor. The news comes after several reports revealed distressing work conditions faced by Blue Origin's employees, including allegations of sexual harassment, rampant sexism, and ineffective micromanaging practices. An essay signed by 21 current and former employees published late last month also claimed that Blue Origin teams were "stretched beyond reasonable limits," leading to compromises in flight safety of the company’s New Shepard spacecraft. Today's launch, however, went by without a hitch. It was the second crewed mission of the space company's New Shepard spacecraft, a phallic capsule that can seat a maximum of six passengers. The first mission saw Blue Origin co-founder Jeff Bezos launching to "space" in July. Whether that really counts as space, though, is up for debate. The capsule did technically breach the Karman line, an arbitrarily boundary internationally recognized as the boundary between the atmosphere and space, but remained several hundred miles short of being able to reach a stable orbit. Today's passengers were able to enjoy several minutes of weightlessness, caused by the capsule falling back down towards the ground. The New Shepard's reusable booster managed to land in one piece, marking the fourth time it made the trip. Despite the success, today's launch comes at a troubling time for the space company. Will Bezos' renewed commitment help right the ship for his space tourism business? Only time will tell. READ MORE: New Shepard Mission NS-18 Webcast [Blue Origin] More on Blue Origin: A Guy Quit Blue Origin and Sent Jeff Bezos a Memo That Tore the Company to Shreds Share This Article 
If you're an American who thinks you're living healthy, think again. It turns out, less than 3-percent of Americans qualify as living a “healthy lifestyle,” based on a study out of the Mayo Clinic. A healthy lifestyle consists of four basic lifestyle choices: exercise for at least 150 minutes a week, a diet score in the top 40 percent on the Healthy Eating Index, a body fat percentage under 20 percent (for men) or 30 percent (for women), and not smoking. With only 3-percent of Americans qualifying, there are some changes that need to be made, one of which is choosing a sustainable, transparent alcohol for when you decide to decompress. However, it's hard to know which brands, if any, manufacture beverages that are sourced from real ingredients so you can feel good about what you drink. If you're looking to drink that's better for your health and the environment, you need to hear about JuneShine Hard Kombucha. Simply put, JuneShine brews sustainable, transparent, and insanely delicious  hard kombucha. A drink that's both vibrant and delicious. It's honest and transparent about how it's made, and caters to a healthy, active lifestyle. To do this, JuneShine is brewed with real, organic ingredients: green tea, honey, fruit juice, spices, and our jun kombucha base (also known as the SCOBY). The flavors are so smooth, it’s literally called “the champagne of kombuchas.” You'll never find anything artificial in your JuneShine. That's right, there's no artificial coloring, GMOs, pesticides, or processed corn or rice syrup. This makes JuneShine less toxic for both your body and the environment. Midnight Painkiller Hard Kombucha is bold and flavorful. This drink is a dark twist on the classic painkiller tiki cocktail with pineapple, coconut, orange, activated charcoal, and nutmeg. JuneShine achieves the bright revitalizing taste of Midnight Painkiller thanks to a combo of organic honey and organic cane sugar. However, if you're watching your sugar intake, most of the it is taken up by the yeast and turned into alcohol. Keep this bad boy at a cool 40 degrees to enjoy a refreshing cold one. Blood Orange Mint Hard Kombucha is like cracking open a can of sunshine. From sunset sessions to late-night antics, this dangerously drinkable flavor has become a crowd favorite for any occasion. It's a tangy, yet soothing sip of citrus with subtle busts of mint. Because all JuneShine drinks are made with real ingredients, Blood Orange Mint uses a combination of organic honey and organic cane sugar to sweeten it. Crack open one of these to enjoy a glass of pure relaxation. Hopical Citrus Hard Kombucha is just like your favorite IPA! You know, minus the bloat and headache. Plus, it's delicious thanks to a clever combination of organic Cascade and Simcoe hops and fresh fruit. This is the perfect beverage if you're looking for a refreshing buzz without additives, hidden calories or extra sugar. Calling all red wine drinkers! If you're a red wine fan, this Acai Berry Hard Kombucha is for you. It's brewed with organic açaí and blueberries for a subtle earthiness that satisfies like a glass of wine, but refreshes like a JuneShine. JuneShine Hard Kombucha is brewed with real organic ingredients so you always feel good and never feel weighed down. So what are you waiting for? Choose the better-for-you alcohol and drink JuneShine Hard Kombucha. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Life is too short to settle on bad wine. With its antioxidants and anti-inflammatory properties, there are more benefits to wine than just a delicious way to complement meals, relax after long days or celebrate special occasions. But how many times have you looked forward to what you thought might be a great vintage, only to discover hints of nail polish remover and burnt rubber? Thanks to a couple of MIT grads with a passion for wine, you no longer need to guess. They’ve created an algorithm powered by fancy formulas and complex mathematics that scores wines by comparing 18 attributes to different individual preferences. Their unique algorithm is called Bright Points, and their company is called Bright Cellars. By harnessing this technology, you can discover the favorite wines you don’t even know about and make them more accessible. The process is simple. Get started by taking an easy seven-question quiz about your food and lifestyle preferences, which takes about 30 seconds to complete. Next, view your matches and gain a better understanding of the reasons why you might like the recommendations, along with suggestions on how to better enjoy the wines. Then, try four new wines that are matched to your profile every month, skipping or canceling at any time. There are also bi-monthly and quarterly options for your shipments. Don’t like one of the wines you’re matched with? With their Delight Guarantee, a Bright Cellar Wine Concierge will help you select a replacement bottle to be included in your next month's shipment. Bright Cellars, located in Wisconsin, has been delivering wine matches directly to doorsteps since 2015. Their staff of passionate wine lovers is focused on the taste of your selections, as opposed to the label. They use data to look for the new, unique and hidden gems from small vineyards all over the world, including Italy, Spain, Portugal, South America, Australia and South Africa. The wines are sampled by a team of in-house sommeliers, who typically allow only one in a dozen wines they taste to make it into the Bright Cellar collections. With such expertise behind the scenes, Bright Cellars has been able to provide insightful wine information to its members. With each box, you’ll receive fascinating wine education cards that teach you more about the regions, tasting notes, serving temperatures, food pairings and other specific characteristics of the wines you love. Their thoughtful and unique packaging allows bottles to be shipped on their side, rather than upright, keeping the corks moist and preventing oxidation — which can affect the color and flavor of wine. Through their rewards program, you can get bonus bottles and other perks by rating your wines and referring friends. Every wine you rate also improves your future matches, since the sophisticated algorithm learns more about your taste preferences with every rating. The more you rate, the more precise your matches. Are you looking for the perfect gift for wine-loving friends and family? Along with wine-related gifts, it’s super easy to send a certificate for a Bright Cellar subscription that includes your own tailored message. With a subscription to Bright Cellars, your friends and family can also get matched with personalized recommendations and stop wasting money on the wrong wine. Start getting matched today and Bright Cellars will take 50% off your first six-bottle box, a $45 value. Please drink responsibly, and enjoy! Prices subject to change. Must be over 21-years-old. Delivery to all states, except Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Mississippi, Utah and part of Kentucky (due to liquor regulations). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For years, we've been warning that it was only a matter of time — and now, the inevitable has happened. Somebody strapped an honest-to-god sniper rifle to the back of a quadrupedal robot dog. An image shared on Twitter by military robot maker Ghost Robotics shows the terrifying contraption in all its dystopian glory. "Keeping our [special ops] teams armed with the latest lethality innovation," the caption reads. Latest lethality 6.5 #creedmoor sniper payload from @SWORDINT. Check out the latest partner payloads @AUSAorg Wash DC. Keeping US and allied #sof #warfighter equipped with the latest innovations.  @USSOCOM #defense #defence #NationalSecurity #drone #robotics pic.twitter.com/Dvk6OvL3Bu — Ghost Robotics (@Ghost_Robotics) October 11, 2021  It's a nightmare come to life, a death machine designed to kill with precision on the battlefield. "This is sad," one Twitter user commented. "In what world is this a good idea? I bet police is salivating at the chance to use these." There's a lot we don't know about the machine, but according to an Instagram post by Sword International, a gun manufacturer, the machine is called the SPUR or Special Purpose Unmanned Rifle. "The [SPUR] was specifically designed to offer precision fire from unmanned platforms such as the Ghost Robotics Vision-60 quadruped," reads Sword's website. "Due to its highly capable sensors the SPUR can operate in a magnitude of conditions, both day and night." We don't know what level of autonomy the robot has or if it was designed to be fully remotely operated. We also don't know who the machine was developed for. The four-legged robot is lugging a sniper capable of shooting 6.5 millimeter Creedmoor cartridges, a rifle ammunition, which was developed with long-range target shooting in mind. It's a troubling new development. Any new robot built with the intent to kill should have us worried. READ MORE: Israel Shows Off Massive Military Robot With a Huge Machine Gun Share This Article 
Most people have the wrong idea about what it means to support healthy aging. They’ll spend hundreds of dollars on products that smooth wrinkles or cover up gray hair without ever stopping to wonder what’s actually going on inside their bodies. Aging, however, is so much more than how you look. It’s a complex biological process that begins at the cellular level. The good news is that there is a way to promote healthy cellular aging. A team of world-renowned scientists at Elysium Health have created a revolutionary NAD+ supplement that combats cellular aging, supports cellular energy, and helps maintain healthy DNA. This NAD+ supplement is called Basis, and when it comes to the science of aging, it’s in a class by itself. Founded by Dr. Leonard Guarente, director of the Glenn Center for Biology of Aging Research at MIT, Elysium Health is not like other companies that make health and wellness products. They have a scientific advisory board that includes eight Nobel Laureates, and they collaborate with the world’s leading scientists and physicians to turn the latest scientific discoveries into real world solutions that positively impact lives. This is a company that was built from the ground up by real science. The scientific discovery that ultimately led to the formulation of Elysium’s Basis was made in the 1990s by Dr. Guarente himself. It has to do with a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+, and the role it plays in regulating cellular metabolism and homeostasis. NAD+ is a coenzyme found in all living cells, and without it you would be dead in less than a minute. Why? Because NAD+ does two very important things. First, it plays a key role in cellular metabolism by helping to turn nutrients into energy. And second, NAD+ functions as a kind of helper molecule by activating special proteins called sirtuins. Often called “guardians of the genome” by scientists, sirtuins are basically the CEOs of your cells, protecting your DNA and regulating the cellular aging process. Sirtuins require NAD+ to work, and our natural levels of NAD+ decline as we get older, which contributes to cellular aging. The good news is that we can actually do something about declining NAD+ levels. And that brings us to Basis. To address the problem of declining NAD+ levels, Elysium’s team of scientists developed Basis, a patent-pending formulation of nicotinamide riboside, a B vitamin that acts as a highly efficient precursor to NAD+, and a powerful polyphenol called pterostilbene. The results have been nothing short of phenomenal. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, Basis was shown to safely and sustainably increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent. Ultimately there is nothing any of us can do to stop the aging process. There is a way, however, to improve how you age at the cellular level. Elysium Basis supports healthy cellular aging by giving your body the NAD+ it needs to regulate and sustain cellular metabolism and energy, maintain healthy DNA, and activate sirtuins. If you’re tired of so-called “anti-aging” products that don’t actually affect the way you age, maybe it’s time you get to the root of the issue and give Basis a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Another week, another scathing account of Blue Origin's dysfunctional and toxic work culture. A new Washington Post investigation, which draws from interviews with more than 20 current and former Blue Origin employees, paints an extremely troubling picture, from rampant sexism to ineffective and condescending micromanagement by executives. One mid-level employee sent co-founder Jeff Bezos and the rest of the company's leadership an excoriating memo upon his departure in 2019, telling the execs that "our current culture is toxic to our success and many can see it spreading throughout the company," according to WaPo, noting that "the loss of trust in Blue’s leadership is common." Those are sentiments echoed by many of the space company's other former and present employees. "The C-suite is out of touch with the rank-and-file pretty severely," an unnamed former top exec told the newspaper. "It’s very dysfunctional. It’s condescending. It’s demoralizing, and what happens is we can’t make progress and end up with huge delays." The news comes just two weeks after an essay signed by 21 current and former employees painted a similarly troubling picture of the company's work environment. Three of those its signers were able to confirm allegations made in the essay to WaPo reporters. It's clear from the outside that Blue Origin has struggled to keep up with the competition. The company was planning to fly its heavy-lift New Glenn rocket last year, but we still have yet to see a prototype. It has also faced significant delays in producing the engine meant to carry New Glenn and the United Launch Alliance's Vulcan Centaur vehicle into orbit. Most recently, the company lost an enormous NASA lunar lander contract to SpaceX, which has drawn the ire of the space company's leadership, culminating in Bezos suing the space agency. Reports about Blue Origin's toxic work culture have often centered around CEO Bob Smith, whose leadership style has done little to build a healthy work culture, according to the report. "It’s bad," one former top executive told WaPo. "Leadership has not engendered any trust in the employee base." Bezos stepped down as Amazon CEO in February and is committing more of his weekly schedule to Blue Origin. Whether that will be enough to reinvigorate employees and allow the company to turn a new page is uncertain. But at this point, "you basically need a new executive team and a totally new culture" to "start over," one industry official told WaPo. Bezos, Smith, and Blue Origin declined to comment to WaPo, despite Bezos' ownership of the newspaper. READ MORE: Inside Blue Origin: Employees say toxic, dysfunctional ‘bro culture’ led to mistrust, low morale and delays at Jeff Bezos’s space venture [The Washington Post] Share This Article 
Drones are helping scientists observe animals, get up close to geological features, and even explore the inside of hurricanes. Want to start flying? These drone bundles will get you started with gorgeous 4K footage and long flight times. Pictured above, the Blackhawk uses a professional lens with an f-stop of 2.0 for the best shooting. it flies for up to 43 minutes on a battery while capturing smooth, crisp 4K video. The 3-axis gimbal compensates for turbulence, vibration, and shake, allowing you to record professional grade shots with minimal flight time. And as you become more confident, use the time-lapse and slow-motion functions to get the perfect shot at the perfect speed, every time. The Explorer Bundle includes 2 extra batteries to allow up to 10 flight sessions in a given day. Get the EXO Blackhawk Drone: Standard Bundle for $759.99 (reg. $896) or the EXO Blackhawk Drone: Explorer Bundle for $859.99 (reg. $1078). The EXO Cinemaster adds a second camera and ease of use features ideal for new drone pilots who want to be sure their bird always comes back. Using built-in GPS, the one-touch return means that if your Cinemaster moves out of control range, or finds the battery runs low, it'll immediately return to its launch point and land. It also offers a 720p live feed to your device, to help you plan your shots. Choose the base model for just the drone, or get the standard package, which provides a launch pad and one year of crash insurance to help you get in the air and stay there. Get the EXO Cinemaster 4K Dynamic Drone base model for $347.99 (reg. $409) or upgrade to the EXO Cinemaster 4K Dynamic Drone - Standard Package for $437.99 (reg. $548). The X7 Ranger offers 2K video with a 120-degree viewing angle, using a camera developed by EXO and Sony for maximum output with minimal adjustment. Perfect for shooting videos for social media and for practicing aerial photography before you upgrade, the X7 Ranger comes in 4 packages for different needs. For new flyers on a budget, get the EXO X7 Ranger Dynamic Drone for $277.99 (reg. $327). Add crash insurance when you get the EXO X7 Ranger Standard Bundle for $361.99 (reg. $426). Need a launchpad for your drone as well as the crash insurance? Get the EXO X7 Ranger Beginner Bundle for $412.99 (reg. $486). And for those who want to fly all day, get the EXO X7 Ranger Explorer Package with two extra batteries, for $423.99 (reg. $530). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’ve written a paper, done scientific research, or simply existed in an academic setting over the past decade, you’ve probably heard of Sci-Hub. The platform, created by programmer and activist Alexandra Elbakyan in 2011, provides free access to millions of scientific papers that would normally hide behind pricey paywalls. But it hasn’t come without controversy — for years, claims of copyright infringement from major academic publishing companies have threatened to take the site down permanently. As of September, Sci-Hub has officially existed for 10 years — a milestone that came as a lawsuit to determine if the website infringed on copyright laws sits in India’s Delhi High Court. Just a few months prior, Elbakyan tweeted that she was notified of a request from the FBI to access her data from Apple. And before that, the major academic publisher Elsevier was awarded $15 million in damages after the Department of Justice ruled that Sci-Hub broke copyright law in the U.S. But that ruling can’t seem to touch Sci-Hub. And Elbakyan remains absolutely unrepentant. She advocates for a future in which scientific knowledge is shared freely, and she’s confident that it's coming. Futurism caught up with Elbakyan to hear what’s next. Over email, she explained her vision for the site’s future, her thoughts on copyright law, and more. This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity. -- Sci-Hub just celebrated its 10th anniversary on September 4. What are your thoughts on making it this long? Nobody expected Sci-Hub would make it so far! Everyone was thinking that Sci-Hub was going to shut down very soon! But that did not happen. Could you elaborate on that a bit more? Who was "everyone," and why did they think the site was going to shut down quickly?  “Everyone” means people who used Sci-Hub and knew about the project. Why? Because Sci-Hub is a 'pirate' website and these websites were prosecuted. Were you also worried that Sci-Hub would get shut down? No. You mentioned in a 2018 blog post that Sci-Hub “always intended to be legal,” and advocated for current copyright laws to be repealed or changed. How has Sci-Hub influenced copyright laws since it was founded? I expected that Sci-Hub would immediately overturn copyright, because in this case everything is clear: if some law prevents knowledge, then such law is not good. But unfortunately the law still holds! What are some of the big milestones or events that have happened in the first ten years of Sci-Hub’s existence? I’m curious what stands out to you when you look back in time. Sci-Hub started with zero papers in its database — and now it has more that 87 million! I think that is a great achievement! You’ve talked about how you found ways to get around article paywalls when you were a university student, before Sci-Hub existed. Would you say that research has gotten easier or harder to access since you were in school? I think now it is easier, because everyone can use Sci-Hub now. I came across a study from January 2021 in the journal Scientometrics about the so-called “Sci-Hub effect.” Essentially, the researchers found that when scientific papers are downloaded from Sci-Hub, they are more likely to be cited in other papers. And ironically, the study is behind a paywall. What are your thoughts on that?  It can also reflect the popularity of the paper: popular papers are more likely to be downloaded from Sci-Hub, and more likely to be cited. Do you know of any other projects that are doing similar work as Sci-Hub on the same scale? Library Genesis has done great work for books! And it has many mirrors such as Z-Library. It sounds like you were really optimistic that Sci-Hub would quickly overturn copyright laws around the world. Do you still believe it's possible to make that change through the legal challenges you are now facing? Of course! I saw that you’re raising money for Sci-Hub right now, and have also relied on community donations in the past. Who shows up to support Sci-Hub the most these days — academics, students, fellow programmers, or another group I might be missing? In my opinion Sci-Hub is mostly used by students when they work on their papers and projects. But I do not have exact statistics. What’s the story behind this photo of you waving at the very bottom of your fundraiser page? [Ed: It's also available at the top of this story.] That comes from a video of me waving. In May 2020 I created a page about myself on Sci-Hub. To attract attention to this page, I added a small video of me waving. When someone clicked on it they were redirected to me. I wanted this small video to play on Sci-Hub for about three days. But everyone loved the video so I left it for a longer time. Sci-Hub uses many domains because the site sometimes gets banned in one country but can still be hosted in another. Do you ever envision a scenario where Sci-Hub might be completely inaccessible? If yes, what might cause that to happen? It is not possible to destroy Sci-Hub completely just by blocking, because today everyone can use VPN or TOR Browser to access any blocked website. Would it ever be possible for Sci-Hub to be permanently removed from the Internet? Nothing can stop Sci-Hub! Where are you currently based? I read that you're originally from Kazakhstan but also saw some reporting that you’re living in Russia. I have been in Russia for 10 years since 2011. Why did I immigrate from Kazakhstan? At first, I was going to study abroad. So I applied in autumn 2010 to some US universities, but was not accepted. In spring 2011 I applied to Skolkovo, a technical institute in Russia. I then surveyed job opportunities and they were much broader in Moscow than in Kazakhstan, and I also wanted to start living separately from my family. So in autumn 2011, I moved to Russia and tried to get a job. I can imagine life would be very different today if you had moved to the US all those years ago, or had been accepted to Skolkovo to study. I wonder if Sci-Hub would have still existed. I take it you started the project once you moved to Russia in autumn 2011? No, I started Sci-Hub while in Kazakhstan, and moved to Russia somewhat later. That's true. Should one of these things have happened, Sci-Hub probably would never get a chance to exist! Are there any aspects of the Sci-Hub project that you feel media outlets are neglecting to cover? The major problem is that major media does not discuss it. When Sci-Hub got traction in 2016, I expected that there would be a discussion of this scientific revolution on TV and they would show many researchers that are excited by Sci-Hub and very grateful that it provides an opportunity for doing research. But that did not happen; Sci-Hub discussion was suppressed in the media. They, for example, do not cover that many researchers think that Sci-Hub deserves a Nobel Prize. Or do they? Also what is not covered is that Sci-Hub is used by many health professionals and they say the project helps save human lives. When Sci-Hub was banned on Twitter, it was way more popular than the Elsevier or Nature journal accounts. Yes they somehow managed to get a lot of subscribers, but they were not active! They were not commenting on tweets or retweeting them. It was clear from Twitter activity that Sci-Hub has way more support from the research community. More on copyright: SpaceX Could Cut Your Starlink Internet Service If You Pirate Movies Share This Article 
AI-generated images can result in some pretty fantastic creations — but who knew it could create frighteningly uncanny pictures of cosmic horrors? Users on the subreddit /r/MediaSynthesis, a community dedicated to synthetic images and art, have been posting a series of Cthulhu and other "cosmic demons" that were created using AI.  Here’s "Rise of Cthulhu": "Cthulhu’s Garden": "Cosmic Demon": Some have even gotten political such as "Trump fights cthulhu": Elsewhere, users have even taken everyone’s favorite Elder God to church with "Cthulhu Mythos at the Last Supper": Many of the images were created using NightCafe, an algorithm that allows you to turn words into AI-generated art. More specifically, the platform leverages a text-to-image art creation algorithm known as VQGAN+CLIP that allows you to transform normal words into surreal images.  Still, it begs the question: Why does AI create such good images of Cthulhu?  Well, it makes sense when you think about it. Lovecraftian monsters are typified by inconceivable colors, surreal visages, and non-Euclidean shapes. It would make sense that a AI and neural networks — which typically comes up with some very trippy images — can create something close to that.  Of course, we wanted to try it out for ourselves. With that, we present the first Futurism original AI art, "Cthulhu Trick-or-Treating": Starting price for the NFT is $1 million (that's how that works, right?). More on digital art: Instagram Threatens to Delete Artist's Account for Selling NFTs of Cocaine Share This Article 
Often it can feel like you're battling the company you pay for internet service to use that service, a problem that's gotten so bad it's become a risk to public safety. Fortunately, managing your internet connection and protecting your privacy is as easy as signing up for a 2-year subscription to IPVanish, one of the top-rated virtual private networks (VPN). You can get it on sale for just $69.99 (reg. $263). A VPN works by rerouting your internet traffic through one of its servers. This makes it impossible for your ISP to track your usage, since the only thing it sees is your connection to the VPN. CNET wrote, "It's fun, fast, and flexible. We recommend IPVanish as a configurable choice for users who are new to VPNs." IPVanish encrypts that connection with a 256-bit algorithm that hides your IP address and any data that goes through the server, especially when you're connecting to public networks or guest networks. So when you connect, anybody trying to view your data or meter your connection are locked out, and a zero-logging policy ensures no data is collected. IPVanish offers an unlimited device plan with simple-to-use apps for every platform, so you can set your entire family up easily and quickly. You also get your choice of VPN protocols, including WireGuard®, IKEv2, OpenVPN, and L2TP/IPsec, so you can configure your network your way. It also provides antivirus and malware protection, so even your less tech-savvy family members can connect with confidence. You can also use it anywhere you go, with over 1,900 servers in more than 75 locations across the planet. If you've ever dealt with a streaming service being "geofenced" while you're on vacation, you can simply log into IPVanish, pick a server within the fence, and start watching. IPVanish even avoids using automatic diagnostics, so it won't collect data you may want to keep private. Get a a 2-year subscription to IPVanish for $69.99 (reg. $263). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The pandemic disrupted many aspects of our lives, including how we get and stay fit. Millions of people were forced to change how they workout thanks to nationwide gym closures, and many turned to working out at home. In fact, a survey performed by the American College of Sports Medicine identified online training as the new top trend in fitness, moving from the 26th spot to first place. If you're one of the people who've started building your at-home gym but need an on-demand trainer to help you achieve your fitness goals, you need to hear about Future Fit App, an elite fitness app that puts you in touch with a real personal trainer. Future Fit App isn’t a fitness program made for the average person, because you’re not average. Your fitness needs are entirely unique to you. That’s why Future offers the most personalized fitness experience possible. As a whole, Future utilizes immersive technology—which can include your phone, your apple watch, and even your TV—to manage your fitness experience. From your BPM to miles run to your cardio performance, you’ll know exactly where you stand when it comes to your progress. With Future, you'll be assigned a trainer who designs a fitness program that sees your fitness as more than just workouts. It's a cornucopia of things that include: what you do, how you sleep, where you go, and what you need--at home, at the gym, and on the road. That's because your trainer is here for you to collaborate with and design a fitness routine that produces consistent results. The best thing about the Future Fit App is that it's tailored for your needs. The process begins by choosing your perfect coach. You'll be provided with a rundown of each potential coach that discloses experience, attitude, and alignment with helping you achieve your goals. If it isn’t a good fit, don't sweat it, you can opt to work with a different coach at any time. Your coach will work alongside you to develop a comprehensive training plan that takes into account any and every factor that's important to you. And each week you'll be provided with new guided workouts to help you reach your goals. One of the best things about Future is how much you can get out of it. Your Future workouts will adapt to your life as much or as little as you want. Track your progress, celebrate achievements, and tune your routine to perfection with your coach. When you sign up to revolutionize your life with Future Fit App, you'll gain direct access to your Future Coach: an expert personal trainer who will build a plan designed specifically for you, your goals, and your schedule. Each week, they’ll send you a new set of workouts building off your accomplishments and feedback from the last week. But that's not all, along with your membership, you’ll receive an Apple Watch (with a fully refundable deposit) to help you and your Future Coach track your progress and biometrics for intimately tailored workouts. Future believes in taking chances so you can train with them risk-free as long as you cancel anytime within the first month of your membership. So what are you waiting for? Take your workout to the next level and sign up for Future today. Your Future starts now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Keeping good track of code is so important, one major code repository sealed its entire archive into a bunker that's hardened against a nuclear blast. And while that may be overkill for your personal projects, rookie programmers in particular might wish they had their own bunker when their code breaks. The Python Programming & Git Certification Bundle not only teaches you how to code, but also how to document and track your work. It's on sale for just $28.98 (reg. $1,800). Each of these 9 courses (rated as high as 4.6/5 stars) were designed and picked for the bundle by Coding Gears, a team of working programmers dedicated to ensuring code is accessible to everyone. The bundle first focuses on Python, showing you how it works from scratch. If you've never used a command line before, the first course lays out the fundamentals of code. It then applies those lessons to the basics of Python with an online lab and a course on object-oriented programming, before discussing package management and virtual environments. You'll have a full sense of how coding in Python works and how to manage your project. Then the bundle moves into using Git to track your work. Git is an open-source tool that serves as a repository of all knowledge for your project; what you've changed, when you changed it, and it can even help you track why. 3 of the bundle's courses touch on Git's fundamentals, how to use your Git archive to find your project's history, rewrite it, and reset it if you're starting from scratch, and how to branch out a project or merge together branches. That way, you'll always know how your project came together. The bundle closes with a course on YAML, a markup language that makes adding notes and details on your code simpler and easier. If you've ever been left wondering why you did something, YAML makes it easy to remember. Get the Python Programming & Git Certification Bundle for $28.98 (reg. $1,800) Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Two men spent 29 days lost at sea, only to be rescued 250 miles off the coast of Papua New Guinea. But the pandemic-ravaged civilization they were forced to return to was a bit of a bummer, despite their near-death experience. "I had no idea what was going on while I was out there," Livae Nanjikana, a man from the Solomon Islands who left the island on September 3 in a small motorboat, told The Guardian. "I didn’t hear about COVID or anything else." "I look forward to going back home but I guess it was a nice break from everything," he added — a remarkable adventure that puts our current battle with the coronavirus into perspective. Nanjikana and Junior Qoloni are both from Mono Island, a volcanic island in the western part of the Solomon Islands. They encountered strong winds and heavy rain just hours into their journey, and then their GPS died. Fortunately, they were able to survive on oranges, coconuts from the sea, and trapped rainwater. "We didn’t know where we were but did not expect to be in another country," Nanjikana told The Guardian. They floated 250 miles north west and were spotted by a fisher off the coast of New Britain, Papua New Guinea. Fortunately, Solomon Islands ministry officials based in Papua New Guinea are already working on getting the two lost men back home to Mono Island. It's a bit of a wake up call for both. Papua New Guinea's hospitals are currently in crisis mode and going through a spike of new cases of COVID-19, the island nation's worst one yet. READ MORE: ‘It was a nice break from everything’: two men rescued after 29 days lost at sea [The Guardian] More on COVID-19: Fauci Says People Are Threatening His Wife and Daughters With Violence Share This Article 
If the pandemic made anything clear, it was that mental health support and treatment are severely limited. However, just as research into Covid-19 accelerated efforts for treatment for other physical illnesses, it also provided a need and opportunity for mental healthcare innovations. One such exciting development in mental health support comes from Fisher Wallace and its brain stimulation wearable. This FDA-cleared technology helps treat some of the most common and debilitating mental illnesses like depression, anxiety and insomnia. Wearables like what Fisher Wallace is producing are the next stage for healthcare innovation because they effectively treat the problem without the frustrating and often painful side effects that come with many medications. The CDC estimates that 40-46% of Americans suffer from depression. That number represents a massive audience who could benefit from treatment that doesn’t ask them to deal with side effects, make hefty monthly payments or do anything more than wear their treatment for 20 minutes once or twice a day. The status quo for mental healthcare is clunky, expensive and inefficient in terms of time and variable results. Many people suffering from depression still experience symptoms for years after they started a treatment process, even if they are regularly attending therapy and taking medication. In a study of 392 users of a Fisher Wallace Wearable at a Phoenix House Drug and Alcohol Rehabilitation Center, rehab retention increased by 50%. The national average for rehab retention is estimated to be around 30%. When using a Fisher Wallace wearable, the timeline for improvement is significantly shorter than many current therapeutic methods. The ambiguous timeline of traditional mental healthcare coupled with the meteoric rise in demand for mental health workers means a tested, affordable and accessible treatment method is called for and will be received eagerly. Fisher Wallace has some of the first hardware that can contend with drug therapy for the same mental illnesses that spread during the pandemic, but it is more cost-effective and doesn’t come with any of the side effects that make medical treatment for mental illness a lose-lose tradeoff for millions of people. Fisher Wallace is set to change the market for psychotherapy and drug treatment for mental health and is already being prescribed by 14,000 providers. If you are personally, altruistically or academically interested in the healthcare innovations that came out of the pandemic, then consider investing in Fisher Wallace. The need for accessible mental health support is more present than ever in the United States alone. A device that has been proven to treat the mental illnesses that grew in the pandemic would have substantial effects on American emotional health and could inspire economic regrowth after the waves of unemployment and the depression that followed. If you are interested in investing in Fisher Wallace and contributing to some of the first hardware mental health treatment, then you can get a free device without a prescription under their wellness brand for investors of $1,500 or more. You should read the Offering Circular and Risks related to this offering before investing. This Reg A+ offering is made available through StartEngine Primary, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC. This investment is speculative, illiquid, and involves a high degree of risk, including the possible loss of your entire investment. Prices subject to change Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In the last two years, video calls and streaming have gone from useful tools and amusements to the centerpiece of our lives and how we stay connected. Yet it's also meant that we've had to upgrade the quality of our video as well. XSplit has two deals that help you polish any video, and support any stream. First, XSplit Broadcaster Premium offers a better stream. At the most basic levels, it offers a suite of tools to easily incorporate calls from multiple platforms, including Skype, Zoom, Teams, and Discord, ideal for managing company summits, live-streamed interviews, and other meetings of the mind. Next, it makes adding other content, such as GIFs and images, easy and you can quickly add transition and animations to your stream to make it more compelling or hand off between hosts. Behind the scenes, Broadcaster helps you manage your stream, giving you a digital control booth to tweak audio, preview scenes, and incorporate content on the fly. Get XSplit Broadcaster Premium: Lifetime Subscription (Windows) for $79 (reg. $200). XSplit VCam Premium helps you polish your individual calls and streams with crisp, quick background removal. Use Portrait Mode to better emphasize your face, replace your background with any content to better improve presentations or video recordings, or just blur your background. Each tool offers a wide range of control, so you can tweak your stream until you're happy with every frame. It's easy to incorporate into any app, from social media to professional streaming tools, and allows you to quickly polish what you're showing. It's particularly ideal for situations where you can't bring a lighting kit or a control board with you. Keep VCam ready to go and you can hop on a call, enter a stream, or take an interview anywhere you are. Get XSplit VCam Premium: Lifetime Subscription (Mac & Windows) for $29 (reg. $60).  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Adulting is pretty complicated. In addition to the day-to-day grind—going to work, taking care of your kids, cooking dinner, mowing the lawn—you also have to take care of a lot of big picture stuff. There are mortgages to refinance, insurance policies to update, retirement portfolios to manage, important documents to store. And all of it has to be kept in order and up to date so that, when you need a piece of information, be it in case of an emergency or for some other reason, it’s right there at your fingertips. Luckily, there’s an innovative online service called Trustworthy that can make managing your family’s important information a whole lot easier. Technology has fundamentally changed the way we manage our lives. In many ways it makes it easier to keep everything organized. Today you can access just about everything electronically from anywhere in the world. That certainly makes it easier to keep track of things like bank accounts, mortgages, car payments, and health insurance. At the same time, technology can also make things more complicated because everything is so decentralized. We all have dozens of important accounts, with dozens of account numbers, policy numbers, login IDs, and passwords. And each one has a dedicated web portal, platform, or app through which they are accessed. In the old days, it may have been a pain to work with nothing but physical documents, but at least you could store everything together in a single ledger, desk drawer, or filing cabinet. With Trustworthy, you can condense your sprawling digitized life into one place again. Trustworthy bills itself as “The Family Operating System.” And that really is a perfect analogy. Trustworthy is a digital hub that brings all of your family’s important information together in one place, where it can be easily accessed and managed. When we say Trustworthy organizes all of your family’s important information, we do mean all of it. Trustworthy safely and securely stores identity documents like passports, drivers licenses, social security cards, and birth certificates, so you always have easy access to them. It stores financial information like mortgage numbers, bank accounts, tax documents, loans, 401Ks, and investment portfolios. It stores deeds and records of major property such as homes, cars, and jewelry. It stores insurance policies, including health, life, auto, and homeowners. It stores important estate documents such as wills, powers of attorney, medical directives, and family trusts. Trustworthy even stores all your family’s passwords. And it’s all protected by institutional-grade 256-bit encryption. With Trustworthy, whether you’re using a computer or the mobile app, all of your information is sorted by category on its intuitive and beautifully organized dashboard. You’ll never again forget that your passport is expiring, or that your auto insurance is up for renewal, because automated reminders and guided workflows help you make sure all your information is complete and up to date. And you can easily invite family members, spouses, and trusted professionals such as accountants and financial advisors to view specific sections of your account or become full-blown Trustworthy collaborators. Need to take action on something but not sure where to start? Just use the Trustworthy concierge service. Whether you need to set up a power of attorney, replace a lost birth certificate, or insure a family heirloom that’s just come into your possession, simply ask your question and a real live human being will guide you through the steps. If you think your life could stand to be a little more organized, Trustworthy is probably a pretty good place to start. And the best part is they offer free trials, so you can take the Trustworthy platform for a spin before you commit. Click here to get started today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A Bitcoin mining operation in the Canadian province of Alberta tried to tap a nearby unused natural gas well for power — and got busted after neighbors started complaining about the noise it was producing, CBC News reported in August. But in an email to Gizmodo, the CEO of the company called Link Global is now trying to downplay the incident. "We run on abandoned gas sites and have been working with the utilities commission to bring them into compliance," he wrote. Compliance was their "main challenge as bitcoin mining is new to the energy regulatory framework and going first can be hard sometimes." There's been consistent tension between crypto miners and local energy infrastructure. In July, for instance, Malaysian police seized 1,069 bitcoin mining rigs before crushing them all with a steamroller after news emerged that miners had been stealing electricity from a local utility company. According to the CBC, Link Global never actually notified anybody that it was using the natural gas well — which amounts to theft, in Gizmodo's reading. Late last month, the CBC reported that Alberta's provincial utilities commission is proposing a $5.6 million fine for Link Global. The Vancouver-based mining company had set up four 1.25 megawatt gas generators in 2020 — enough to power 6,000 homes — not far from Edmonton, Alberta. The generators were being powered by the natural gas well, which is owned by Maga Energy, a private oil and gas production company. Neighbors had initially complained of noise being produced by the generators, which alerted the Alberta Utilities Commission (AUC). "It differs every time the wind changes direction," local resident Jeff Kocuipchyk told the CBC in August. "It's just like a wave...  but it's 10 times louder and 100 times more annoying." While Link Global claims no wrongdoing, the AUC isn't impressed by its excuses. "Link Global's willful disregard for the existence of regulatory requirements prior to commencing operations and its persistent operation in contravention... heightens the seriousness of the contraventions," the regulator's enforcement team wrote in a statement filed last month, as quoted by the CBC. "Such conduct undermines the integrity and efficacy of the regulatory framework," the filing reads. Even more worryingly, Link Global never reported any crypto mining revenue during the first six months of this year, according to the enforcement team. The company's legal team called it a "very serious allegation," according to the CBC. A hearing in November will now decide if Link Global did indeed steal natural gas from Maga Energy — and the company will likely be facing an uphill battle to avoid getting fined. READ MORE: A Bitcoin Mining Operation Started a Secret Power Plant, It Did Not Go as Planned [Gizmodo] More on illegal mining: Watch Police Crush 1,069 Bitcoin Mining Rigs With a Steamroller Share This Article 
Last year, if there was one thing most of us thought about a lot more than normal, it was survival. The pandemic turned out to be a wake-up call that everything can go south in a matter of days, if not hours. As a result, panic buying and hoarding began to frequently appear in the news. And now that things have calmed down (relatively speaking), more people than ever have learned that when it comes to disaster preparedness, you can't wait until a disaster strikes. But with a survival kit like the The Mover Max from Judy Kits, you can prepare well in advance of a worst-case scenario with one convenient purchase. JudyKit offers a variety of survival kits and products, such as portable power stations and survival go-bags, depending on your needs and circumstances. However, if you’re looking for a versatile, all-in-one kit that is ready to support up to four people, check out The Mover Max. Though it can be described as a “beast in a box”, The Mover Max is a 100-percent waterproof bag containing a whopping 53 surviving essentials, ranging from food bars, first aid kits, all the way to utility tools. This way, if a disaster strikes, your family of up to four can be supported for up to 72 hours. No matter if there is an emergency, tornado season, or something else that requires evacuation, The Mover Max will have you covered. What’s more, The Mover Max is easy to transport. The backpack is designed ergonomically, it features a variety of adjustable straps and a heavy-duty belt to relieve pressure when carrying it. The backpack is filled with life-saving items which are neatly organized into three categories – tools and first aid, food and water, and safety and warmth. Tools and First Aid The first section (Tools and first aid) includes a variety of essential tools, such as 3-in-1 radio, charger, and flashlight, duct tape, multitool, biohazard bag, pocket tissues, and many other things. In case you’re not able to use running water or soap for hygiene, it is also worth mentioning that The Mover Max comes with hand sanitizers. Food and Water The second packaging, “Food and Water” contains 7 food bars and 14 water bottles, each of them having a 5-year long shelf life. Safety and Warmth The last, “Safety and Warmth” package is oriented toward keeping you safe and warm, as it includes a poncho, dust masks, gloves, a couple of emergency whistles, and more. What’s more, JudyKit’s kit contents are specially chosen by emergency preparedness experts, meaning that they’re tried, tested, and trusted. After buying this kit, you can also opt to receive text alerts about any incoming calamities in your area. You'll also get advice on how to create emergency plans. If you’re still dwelling on which emergency survival kit to choose for potential disasters, consider The Mover Max. It's full of well-chosen essentials that significantly increase your chances of survival. What’s more, all of the tools are orange, so they can be easily located in vast, difficult environments. With this survival kit, you’ll have a better chance of a positive outcome out of the worst possible situations. Click here to check out The Mover Max. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Crypto heads still haven't learned their lesson. In case you haven't heard, non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are still very much a thing — and more people hoping to cash in are instead getting scammed left and right. The developer of "Evolved Apes," which ironically describes itself as "a collection of 10,000 unique NFTs trapped inside a lawless land," just called it quits and absconded with 798 ether, the equivalent of about $2.7 million, out of the project's funds. In retrospect, maybe buyers should have had more caution. "Fighting for survival, only the strongest ape will prevail," reads the project's description. The developer, who goes by the moniker "Evil Ape" — we're not making this up — had originally promised to launch a fighting game where gamers could win Ethereum by playing the game. But a week after launch, the developer seems to have gotten cold feet — or kicked off the next step of their evil plan — and left without a trace, Vice reports. Shockingly, Evolved Apes community members never got a pay out from a social-media competition meant to drum up hype for the game. Even the artist was never paid. In short, the money has disappeared, leaving a lot of egg on a lot of faces — and investors are understandably pissed. "We will become the Fight Back Apes, fighting as a community against our nemesis Evil Ape," community member Mike_Cryptobull wrote in a report shared with investors and obtained by Vice, referring to an offshoot project meant to pick up the pieces. That's because Evil Ape would directly benefit from four percent royalties from every sale on Evolved Apes. It's yet another sad instance of people being scammed by believing the hype surrounding a new NFT project. If it feels too good to be true, keep your cash and stay far away. READ MORE: Investors Spent Millions on ‘Evolved Apes’ NFTs. Then They Got Scammed. [Vice] More on crypto: People Are Flooding to Cryptocurrency Rehab Clinics Share This Article 
You probably already know this, but there are a variety of ways to invest in the stock market. However, not all of them will benefit you in the long run, especially if you're not looking to waste a good portion of your capital on a money manager. That's because money managers can be extremely costly. Some financial advisors simply charge a flat, hourly, or annual fee to manage your money. Others charge fees based on how much of your money they're managing. The more you invest, the more you're paying to invest. This yearly fee can range between 0.25-to-1 percent or more of your entire investment. However, if you're not a member of the one-percent, this probably sounds like a waste of your hard-earned income. So if you want to wisely invest for your future without breaking the bank, then you need to know about Motley Fool Stock Advisor. Motley Fool Stock Advisor is a comprehensive subscription service designed to make investing and building wealth easy for anyone. It's the brainchild of The Motley Fool founder Tom Gardner, and uses his business acumen to help you create an investment portfolio that could elevate your fiscal affluence. It all starts by signing up for Stock Advisor. Once this is done you will receive two stock picks every month from an expert financial analyst team. Each pick arrives in your mailbox with a complete breakdown of not only why the stock was chosen, but why the team expects a return on the investment. It also includes pertinent information you may need to know before deciding to invest your hard-earned money. Once you choose to sign up for Stock Advisor for an introductory annual fee of $99 for new members, your real financial education begins. Every month you'll be sent two stock picks curated by a team of analysts. Each pick will be meticulously researched and vetted. Not only that, each member of The Motley Fool Subscription Service gains unlimited access to the library of expert stock recommendations that are carefully curated to generate income to add to your overall wealth. Plus, you'll also be sent a breakdown of any new investment trends to help you manage your portfolio, as well as help you expertly manage your finances and investments. And it's all designed to take about five minutes out of your month to ensure you're investing wisely, because there's more to your life than managing your money. One of the tenets of The Motley Fool is to invest smarter. They believe investing doesn't need to be overly complicated, which means none of the so-called "secret" Wall Street tactics actually apply to building wealth. In fact, the average Stock Advisor pick has a whopping 614%* return, which is why Stock Advisor is one of the most financially viable ways to manage your portfolio. Because of this, they offer a membership fee-back guarantee for your membership fee. If you sign up for Stock Advisor and discover it's not generating the returns you're looking for, they'll give you your membership fee back. Simply cancel within the first 30-days of your subscription and you'll get your $99 returned to you. So what are you waiting for? Sign up for Motley Fool's Stock Advisor today and you could build the kind of wealth you've only dreamed about. *Returns as of 10/1/21 Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While it’s obvious that the world's employment landscape is vastly different from what it was like just two years ago, the new normal hasn’t really set in yet. With employment benefits having lapsed in most of the U.S., the pool of job applicants is bigger. But a lot of workers don’t want to go back to the same rigid and highly unbalanced schedules they had before. While some employers and employees embraced remote work more than others, everyone now knows that productivity can be achieved on a flexible schedule. So if you want something a little different, as I do, let me tell you about FlexJobs. FlexJobs was created way back in 2007 specifically to list jobs for people who wanted something other than typical 9-to-5. No one was thinking much of this demographic back then, even though the remote workforce was already quite sizable and growing. There are parents who would like to work around their children’s needs, freelancers like me who would just prefer to have more clients and a varied selection of projects, students who have classes to adjust for, and many more examples of people who could use flexible work schedules. Some people just want to craft a better work/life balance by fitting their work around their life instead of their life around their work. People who only want to work part-time are often considered not very serious about their work, but that couldn’t be further from the truth. There are a lot of retirees who would prefer to stay professionally active, while others might want to generate a second income by using their education and skills in a professional manner. People with physical issues, or their caretakers, often find it much easier to work from home or on schedules adaptable to their needs. Military spouses who move often, people who live in rural areas but don’t want to move for a job, anyone who'd rather not spend hours commuting, folks aren't into the increasingly bizarre office scene, and those (again, like me) who want to travel would love to be able to work from anywhere at all. I’ve actually subscribed to FlexJobs on and off since they first came on the scene, depending upon my circumstances at any given time. So I can tell you that the company has not wasted its time during the intervening years. In 2007, my experience was that 99% of work from home jobs were either scams or very low paying. So, it was well worth the small subscription fee not to have to wade through those when searching the hand-screened remote jobs on the FlexJobs Platform. However, as grateful as I was, the platform has matured and developed into much more than just a searchable database of job listings. It’s now an entire career incubator, so you get a great deal more for what you pay. Not that the search tools are anything to sneeze at. You can filter for nine different fields and save several types of searches. Most important to me was the ability to narrow my results to 100% remote, U.S. National, Freelance, and Part-Time. I prefer to have multiple clients instead of working for just one company, and I don’t want to be required to be physically present in any one state, because I actually spend most of my time traveling internationally. FlexJobs also goes far beyond job listings, with offerings such as: It’s really no wonder that FlexJobs has grown so satisfactorily, the company’s decisions are based on hard data. Well-known publications such as The Motley Fool and Fast Company feature information from FlexJobs because they know it will be valuable to their readers. I genuinely don’t know of any other platform like FlexJobs, one that not only gives you access to job opportunities you might not find elsewhere but also provides so many tools to help you create exactly the kind of life and career you prefer. During my current membership, I’ve gotten a series of helpful emails which were interesting enough and far enough apart that they were never irritating. I took skills tests that I thought were difficult enough for the scores to be meaningful to employers or, in my case, potential clients. I am still very grateful for a resource that specializes in exactly the type of job listings I want to see. What has impressed me most though, is the depth of practical information available on the website. I really do consider it priceless, not only the knowledge but almost even more so the convenience of having it all at my fingertips in one place. The fact that you can have access to so much for under $50 a year is already a worthwhile investment, so I’m really happy to share that you can currently get a one-year subscription to FlexJobs for only $24.95, a full 50% off the normal price. It's a perfect time to flex your professional muscles. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We’ve all heard about what a great investment art can be, and how the right painting can appreciate so much value over time. But you generally have to have a lot of money in order to enjoy those benefits -- or at least that was the case before Masterworks was introduced to the world. It's an innovative art investing platform that lets almost anyone enjoy the financial benefits of investing in art. Once you get an invitation to be a part of Masterworks, you can begin purchasing shares of some of the most acclaimed and valuable paintings on the market, all specially selected and curated for maximum earnings potential. Artwork can be a great hedge against inflation, and research on the historical rises and falls of the art market show that art prices tend to go up as interest rates go down. This makes the right paintings a smart investment in inflationary environments, which economic indicators show we’re entering now. And by selling shares in some of the most valuable paintings in existence, Masterworks opens up investment opportunities previously only available to the wealthy to a much wider section of the population. But art as an investment also has downsides, and not just the fact that you might get tired of looking at the same painting on your wall day after day. For instance, the true market value of your investment is dependent upon finding a buyer for that particular painting, which can be easier said than done and subject to a lot of different unknown and constantly changing variables. Shares purchased on Masterworks, on the other hand, are set up to be a high-liquidity asset that you can buy or sell any time you want, using the Masterworks Secondary Market to buy or sell shares before the painting in question is sold and the profits divided up among its shareholders. That’s basically how the Masterworks platform works: investors buy shares in specially selected paintings, and when the time is right, they get the proceeds from the eventual sale. Every painting available for investment is a “blue chip” work acquired from major auction houses, private collectors, and established galleries, with a focus on paintings that are particularly representative of their painter’s mature style. This gives the works a better chance to increase in value based on historical appreciation rates as well as an established track record of multiple multi-million-dollar sales annually. Even though no investment opportunity can be considered 100-percent dependable, the paintings available for investment on Masterworks are about as financial dependable as you can get in the art market. Right now, Masterworks is available by invitation only, but anyone who’s interested in diversifying their investment portfolios can request an invite online now. So if you’re ready to give art investment a try, head over to Masterworks and get your invitation as soon as possible. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Like social media, or SEO, or cryptocurrency—graphic design is becoming part of everyone's daily work. If you'd like to switch careers, or go above and beyond on the job, we've got 10 Adobe Creative Cloud training bundles that you can save 40% on with the code VIP40. Illustrator and Photoshop are the foundations of the Creative Cloud. In these 9 courses, professional graphic designers will show you how to get the most from your images before turning them into amazing work. Get the Ultimate Adobe Illustrator's Guidebook Certification Bundle for $20.99 (reg. $1,447) with code VIP40. User interface and experience are crucial to delivering graphic design that pops. This bundle will teach you the fundamentals of good UI/UX using real-life examples drawn from instructor experience. Get the Prestige Adobe Suite UI/UX Certification Bundle for $29.99 (reg. $1,789) with code VIP40. If you've ever wondered how an amazing effect was pulled off in a video, it was probably thanks to After Effects. You'll learn how motion graphics work and how to implement them in any project across 5 courses. Get the Ultimate Adobe After Effects Pro Bundle for $17.99 (reg. $995) with code VIP40. Video is fundamental to not just creative work, but marketing strategy, education, and much more. This bundle uses edit-along projects that professionals will break out, step by step, to launch you as an online editor. Get the Adobe Premiere Pro CC Video & Audio Production Course Bundle for $17.99 (reg. $1,194) with code VIP40. Not sure whether to use Illustrator or InDesign? This bundle breaks out each part of the Adobe Creative Cloud, program by program, and grounds you in how it's used in a creative pipeline. Get the All-Inclusive Adobe CC Training Bundle for $29.99 (reg. $1,485) with code VIP40. Photoshop has been the premiere photo editing program for more than 30 years, and getting a handle on it can be tough. This beginner's bundle starts you with the fundamentals, showing you how to improve good photos, and delves into the more complex functions. Get the Adobe Photoshop for Beginners Training Course for $8.99 (reg. $199) with code VIP40. Want to switch careers, or gain a boost in your current one? Getting certified in Creative Cloud can help, and each of the 12 courses in this bundle will help you prep for any exam you're planning on taking. Get the 2021 Complete All-in-One Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Certification Course Bundle for $20.39 (reg. $2,400) with code VIP40. If you're already a designer, working the Creative Cloud into your process can be a struggle. This bundle takes that struggle out by offering design-along projects to help professionals incorporate Adobe into their routines. Get the 2021 Ultimate Adobe Designers Bundle for $26.99 (reg. $2,400) with code VIP40. Every creative professional is being asked by clients to stretch their skills and take on more and different work. This bundle was designed for those who want in-depth looks at each program, using the skills from one to build on the other. Courses are rated as high as 5/5 stars in this well-reviewed bundle. Get the 2021 Complete Learn Adobe Training Certification Bundle for $35.99 (reg. $2,200) with code VIP40. How do Lightroom and Photoshop work together? Each of these 11 courses explores different ways to use the 2 programs to create unique, vivid imagery. Get the Comprehensive Adobe Lightroom & Photoshop Bundle for $17.99 (reg. $466) with code VIP40. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Unless you've been using the internet under a rock, you've probably noticed that Facebook, along with several of its other services, is down. Like, really down. Ironically, despite one of the largest sources of misinformation disappearing, people immediately flocked to alternative platforms like Twitter to find out the reason why the biggest social media platform in the world went AWOL — and ended up sharing plenty of misinformation there as well. On Twitter, for instance, many dubious accounts started claiming that the "data of over 1.5 billion Facebook users" was "being sold on a popular hacking-related forum," citing a writeup by a website called Privacy Affairs, a Romania-based cybersecurity research firm. "This constitutes the biggest and most significant Facebook data dump to date," Privacy Affairs claimed in its piece, referring to a user of a "known hacker forum" posting an announcement about the big hack. The timing of the tweet couldn't have hit harder, given the massive outage — despite the fact that the forum posts date back to September 22. Tweets echoing the claim picked up tens of thousands of likes and shares, including by several other verified Twitter accounts with significant followings. But whether the purported hack — and its authenticity — has anything to do with Facebook's massive outage seemingly flabbergastingly unlikely. The consensus among cybersecurity experts is that it's far more likely that the downtime is related to human error rather than hacking. Several Facebook security team members also told The New York Times that it was unlikely a cyberattack caused the issues. "It could well have been the result of an internal, system-wide change or update that went awry," journalist Brian Krebs wrote in a tweet. " It's all speculation at this point why. Facebook alone is in control over its DNS records." There have been several instances in the last couple of years that support that theory. The massive outage also came the day after Frances Haugen, a former Facebook employee and whistleblower behind the leak of a gigantic cache of documents dubbed "The Facebook Files," came forward with a high-profile interview with CBS. The documents leak appears to be unrelated to the purported hack of Facebook user data. We still don't know what exactly caused Facebook and many of its services to disappear, and it's not exactly surprising that rumors are absolutely swirling right now. The Facebook outage certainly leaves a massive hole in internet traffic across much of the Western world. And the same goes for misinformation. Perhaps this what a world without Facebook looks like? READ MORE: Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp hit by global outage [Reuters] More on the outage: Something Very Strange Is Going on at Facebook Share This Article 
Tesla's beef with Rivian, a rival electric car and battery company, began in July 2020 when Tesla sued Rivian for allegedly poaching staff and stealing confidential trade secrets. Now, over a year later, Tesla has added allegations of even more poaching and theft of trade secrets to its ongoing lawsuit, Bloomberg reports, arguing that Rivian was undeterred by its first filing. From Tesla's point of view, Rivian is trying to get an unfair edge in the industry by coaxing staff to switch sides and share what they know, but Rivian says Tesla hasn't actually substantiated its accusations — and Tesla, true to its founder's style, is using the opportunity to take shots at Rivian's tech. "Now apparently under pressure from investors after nearly a dozen years without producing a single commercial vehicle," Tesla wrote in the new filing, according to Bloomberg, "Rivian has intensified its unlawful efforts." Oddly, Rivian argues that Tesla hasn't actually said what it is that the company supposedly stole, calling into question the validity of its accusations. At the same time, maybe Tesla is being secretive so as to not give away even more proprietary information. "For several of its trade secrets it has provided so little detail that Rivian is unable to ascertain what Tesla is claiming as its intellectual property," Rivian wrote in a court filing, according to Bloomberg, "let alone whether what it is claiming is or could be secret." This isn't the first time that Tesla beefed with a startup that struggling to produce an electric truck. Tesla and CEO Elon Musk previously sparred with the automaker Nikola and its CEO Travis Milton, who ended up being charged with fraud over his company's unfounded claims of progress. There's no indication that Rivian is in the same boat as Nikola by any means, but it is interesting that attempting to develop an electric truck and getting on Tesla's bad side seem to go hand in hand. As for this case, it's not yet clear what will happen. As Bloomberg notes, the California state judge presiding over the case allowed Tesla to file its new allegations — but also said that Rivian's claim that the allegations were unsupported has "some appeal to it." READ MORE: Tesla Amps Up Fight With Rivian, Cites Battery Secrets Theft [Bloomberg] More on Rivian: Elon Musk Shreds Bill Gates for Insulting Electric Semi Trucks Share This Article 
It's a truly bizarre day on the internet. Facebook has been down for several hours, indicating that this isn't your average momentary outage for the company. Its property WhatsApp, Instagram, and Messenger are down as well. Even Oculus, the popular and Facebook-owned virtual reality platform, is down. In simple terms, as far as the internet was concerned, Facebook.com ceased to exist. "Facebook have basically deplatformed themselves from their own platform," cybersecurity expert Kevin Beaumont wrote in a tweet. Even Facebook's internal tools and communications platforms are out. "No one can do any work," New York Times tech reporter Ryan Mac wrote in a tweet. "Several people I've talked to said this is the equivalent of a 'snow day' at the company." Internet sleuths quickly figured out it was an issue with Facebook's DNS server, the infrastructure responsible for routing every user to Facebook's location. Journalist Brian Krebs confirmed that "the DNS records that tell systems how to find Facebook.com or Instagram.com got withdrawn this morning from the global routing tables," in a tweet. "Can you imagine working at FB right now, when your email no longer works & all your internal FB-based tools fail?" We still have no idea what caused the chaos. Krebs suggested in a follow-up tweet that it could have "been the result of an internal, system wide change or update that went awry," but admitted that "it's all speculation at this point." "For those asking — more often than not with this kind of thing, it's not a cyberattack(tm), it's somebody made a boo-boo," Beaumont explained in a follow-up. When asked if the "boo-boo" could've been intentional, Beaumont argued that "they can be, but given this is one in a long line of major outage at major tech companies caused by human error, it likely isn't." For instance, a massive Amazon Web Services outage in 2017 was caused by human error. A July 2020 outage taking down a huge range of popular sites was also caused by a DNS-related human mess-up. In fact, according to a 2018 survey by the Information Technology Intelligence Corp, human error was cited as the number one cause of unplanned downtime. Others, of course, just made light of the whole situation. "People making jokes about the Facebook services going down make me sick," programmer Gavin Young wrote in a tongue-in-cheek tweet. "Anyone who was using an Oculus headset at the time is currently trapped in VR, and if they die there then they die in real life." More on the outage: Facebook Is Down. Like, REALLY Down Share This Article 
If you're looking for a way to help make your financial goals a reality, you're not alone. An insane amount of homeowners are taking advantage of today's housing market. Gaining equity off your property can be done in a variety of ways, including home loans and HELOCs. But if none of these options sound right for you, you may be interested in a Home Equity Investment. An equity investment means claiming cash today in exchange for a portion of the future value of your home. This means you'll get the capital you need without being weighed down by risky loans or monthly payments. If choosing to invest in the property you already own sounds like a solution that would work for you, you need to know about Hometap Equity Investment. Hometap isn't a loan agency. They're not loaning money. They're investing alongside homeowners just like you by providing cash when you need it and then participating in the proceeds once you sell your home. To put it simply, a Hometap Equity Investment is designed to pay homeowners the equity they've accumulated on their property without having to take out a loan. Because Hometap is not a lender, you make zero monthly payments. And Hometap doesn't get a guaranteed return on the money invested in your property. Hometap is the perfect way to finance your life without having to worry about increased monthly payments. Each Hometap Home Equity Investment lasts for 10 years. When the 10 years is up, you can choose to buy out the investment with your own savings, take out a loan, or sell your home to return Hometap's investment. This process is called Settling the Investment. Hometap Equity Investments are totally transparent and easy to do. It all starts with getting pre-qualified online, which can be done on the Hometap website in a matter of seconds. Next, an Investment Estimate is prepared for your property based on the information provided by you. Then you'll be assigned a dedicated Investment Manager to help you complete the last portion of the process. If everything seems like a mutually beneficial fit and you decide to apply, you’ll fill out a short online application. In order to move forward, Hometap orders a third-party home appraisal to determine the value of your property. Based on the outcome of the appraisal, combined with the information found in your application, your investment offer will be prepared. From there, you'll review the offer, and once you accept it, you’ll schedule the signing with your Hometap agent. A few days later, you'll be wired the funds in exchange for Hometap's investment. The best part is you're free to use that money whichever way you choose. All you have to do is make sure you sell or settle the investment before your 10-year term ends so that you can payback Hometap's agreed-upon share. Deciding on a Hometap Equity Investment is a process in and of itself because there isn't a perfect list of property criteria that will make you qualify. That's because each equity investment that Hometap makes is evaluated independently. And if you do qualify, you'll fill out an Investment Estimate so Hometap Investment Managers can acquire the necessary information to guide you along in the process. Here are some of the qualities that tend to make for a good fit: Find out if Hometap Equity Investment is right for you by starting the process today. With Hometap, gaining equity is as simple as owning a property and getting approved. There's no surprises, fine print, or hidden fees.  So what are you waiting for? See if Hometap is right for you by applying today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
So, CBD is just a trend, right? While manufacturers are pumping out all manner of cannabidiol-infused products, can we expect to find them clogging up the back of our closets one day soon? Will they be hiding out back there with the Jazzercise VHS videos, bottles of ephedra and the Shake Weight? If you're expecting the current fad of CBD oils, balms, gummies and other extract goodies to gradually start disappearing in the coming years, you're likely in for a long wait. After 2,000 years of demonization, the cannabis plant is finally getting its day in the Sun — and it's raging hard with the faithful. Now, product makers can extract the positive, healing properties of the plant from the psychoactive elements that gave marijuana the bad rap in the first place, and the commercial floodgates have opened. Scientific studies are underway to find out if centuries of anecdotal claims are actually correct — that CBD can have a positive, tangible, long-term effect on those suffering from a host of medical and psychological maladies. While all that is an interesting backdrop to the modern world of wellness, exactly what does CBD have to do with me, I asked? More importantly, what could CBD oil offer to improve my day-to-day 2021 existence? I'm a middle-aged guy who's never been a regular marijuana or CBD user. I've luckily never suffered from any serious medical or psychological conditions. Heck, I even usually sleep fairly well. It was with that natural inherent skepticism that I launched a 10-day campaign using oHHo Full Spectrum CBD Oil. My question wasn't to determine if CBD could tamp down my arthritis pain or soothe my raging anxiety issues or solve any brain health concerns. As I said, I'm a fairly healthy guy with no significant lingering issues. ... Knock on wood. So could a guy like me take CBD oil for 10 days and feel a real, noticeable, measurable impact in my regular life? The surprising answer (surprising for me, anyway) was a measured yes. Yes, I think it probably did, although, it wasn't revelatory. And it really wasn't in the ways I would have expected a week before, either. First, some caveats. I didn't do any pre and post-CBD medical testing, so I can't assess if CBD affected some of the more tangible claims of CBD proponents, like its effect as a natural treatment to lower blood pressure or reduce stroke possibilities. Instead, I went the holistic route. How did I feel during my 10 days of regular CBD use? What I discovered was pretty darn good, thanks for asking. I started my first day by taking the recommended 0.5ml dose in mid-morning to see if I could gauge any effects. My oil was sourced from New York, while other oHHo oil products can come from grow sites in Oregon, Colorado, or Vermont. While I wanted to see if CBD would have a noticeable impact on me, it was definitely a rookie move to take it with hours left in my waking day. Because even with the mild dose, I started feeling a little drowsy. Not GHB-level drowsy, but definitely a bit slow and sluggish for a while. From then on, it was decided that CBD time was going to join Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert, and Jimmy Fallon as part of the late-night gang. Beige-tinted and mostly odorless, I moved to taking my daily woodsy, herbal-tasting squirt from the dropper under my tongue right before bedtime. And no, there were no days of twiddling my thumbs and waiting to fall asleep. While I might usually be awake for a while reading or scrolling the newsfeeds, the oHHo Oil put a swift end to all that, gently lulling me to sleep within about 30 minutes. I didn't notice much in the way of reaction to the oil over the first couple of days, but once the experiment crept into days 4, 5, and beyond, I did start to make some discoveries. Sure, it wasn't a cloud-parting lightning bolt from the cosmos enlightenment, but I did start to notice an absence. It felt like the small aches and pains didn't quite hit me the same way they usually did. Normally, my back or neck might routinely feel some tightness or even a little nagging pain after too many hours sitting behind a desk. But it struck me that my multiple hours of sitting now generated ... nothing. While I can't say that traditional joint and muscle pain is an everyday occurrence for me, I can say the notable absence did become apparent after a few days of use. There was also a general lack of muscle burn or fatigue after my daily morning 3.5-mile walk. Again, that regular exercise regimen doesn't usually produce significant pain. But while muscles might tug a bit or feet could feel a little sore after all that pounding, the effects of that exercise never raised their head in the wake of my CBD oil experimentation. It's an anecdotal reaction, for sure. But maybe there's something to all this CBD oil, after all. While my CBD usage wasn't life-altering, it was definitely intriguing enough for me to continue the experiment and see what long-term benefits could come from the use. As this burgeoning CBD trend proves, I'm not the only one throwing a curious glance and waiting for more potential results. After learning about my time using oHHo CBD oil, my 70-ish-year-old mom asked me plenty of questions about it and openly wondered if it could be an answer to her ongoing neuropathy pain.  Try oHHo's full line of Full Spectrum CBD oils for 20% off with code FUTURISM20 today. Meanwhile, the journey continues ... Prices subject to change Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's the most basic financial advice there is, but it bears repeating: it’s always a good idea to save up for retirement. If you were lucky enough to be an early adopter in Bitcoin, you already know that it presented a great opportunity to build up a decent nest egg. But using bitcoins or other cryptocurrencies to save up for retirement isn’t exactly traditional financial planning. Not, that is, without something like a Bitcoin IRA, which is engineered for the specific purpose of making investing in crypto for retirement easy and affordable. If you haven’t done much investing or retirement planning before, you might not be aware that IRA stands for Individual Retirement Account, and it’s a way to save for retirement with special tax incentives. There are different kinds of IRAs, and each one has different rules depending on the investor’s income level or employment status. But they’re all unified by the same basic idea, which is to grow your wealth and keep it safe for when you need it most, and to utilize different financial products, like stocks, bonds, and mutual funds. And now, with a Bitcoin IRA, you can invest with cryptocurrency, as well. At first blush, it might seem like you need to be a cryptocurrency expert to make use of a Bitcoin IRA. But that isn’t so. In fact, they are designed to be user friendly and intuitive for pretty much anyone, no matter how much (or how little) experience in cryptocurrencies or investment in general they have. Best of all, a Bitcoin IRA offers the same tax breaks that traditional IRAs do, with most of the same rules and regulations governing them. There is one quite large exception, though: While a traditional IRA is usually limited to a contribution cap of $6,000 per year, there are no caps on how much crypto you can put into your Bitcoin IRA, as long as you’re not transferring existing cryptocurrency holdings into it. However, you are allowed to transfer any existing IRAs or other retirement savings accounts you may have with no penalties or other fees. Even though it is extremely user-friendly, there’s a good chance you’ll have questions you want answered about the investment process. Which is why it’s a good thing that Bitcoin IRA investors have access to a team of investment experts who can provide help and answer questions all along the way. Naturally, you can use other cryptos than Bitcoin when you invest in a Bitcoin IRA. You can also invest in Ethereum (ETH), Ripple (XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Stellar Lumens (XLM), Zcash (ZEC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum Classic (ETC), Digital Gold (DG), or any combination thereof. Even if it’s too late for you to make a quick fortune in bitcoin, you can still use crypto in a more responsible, long-term investment with a Bitcoin IRA. If you’re ready to get started, head over to the Bitcoin IRA site now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Thanks to Seasonal Affective Disorder, better known as SAD, winter can be a pretty trying time for most people. Psychology Today reports SAD affects 10-million Americans with another 10-to-20 percent of people suffering from a milder form of the disorder. Compound that with the limitations set by the pandemic, and winter can truly feel like a never-ending hell. However, one of the best ways to combat Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) is with the use of infrared saunas. Now that going to saunas is a hundred-percent less convenient than it was prior to the pandemic, you can bring the infrared sauna home with you thanks to HigherDOSE's Infrared Sauna V3 Blanket. Deep, productive sweat is one of the best ways to naturally and effectively rid the body of pollutants while simultaneously inducing an intense energy boost. Traditional saunas have aided in this process, but for many people the intense 200+ degree heat can be too much. Thankfully, infrared sauna technology like the one used in HigherDOSE's Infrared Sauna V3 Blanket can accomplish more with less intense heat. That's because the Infrared Sauna Blanket V3 allows you to bring the benefits of infrared light therapy wherever you may go because it’s light-weight and easy to store. Best of all, it’s a fraction of the cost of bringing home traditional infrared saunas. Lauren Berlingeri and Katie Kaps are the brains behind HigherDOSE infrared wellness spa.  They founded it based on their interest in achiving a natural high, and found that the easiest way to reach the “high life” is found through therapies like infrared light which stimulate happiness chemicals, aka serotonin, dopamine, oxytocin, and endorphins. In order to bring the HigherDOSE experience into people's homes, the V3 is designed to match the quality of treatment available at their famous New York City spa. To do this, the V3 includes layers of charcoal, crystals, and clay (which generate negative ions); low EMF infrared heat; and non-toxic premium fabrics. The result is a life changing sweat that detoxifies your body, leaving you lighter and more relaxed, with less pain and soreness. It's also designed to increase the body’s thermal energy and promote a temporary increase in blood flow – so you'll sweat like you’re working out, even though you’re not. The heat produced in your Infrared Sauna Blanket V3 travels via invisible wavelengths. This process allows the infrared light to penetrate the skin, raise the core body temperature, and set off intense cellular healing. The results can be life changing and include pulling heavy metals, radiation, and environmental pollutants out of your fat cells. It is also known to detoxify the body seven-times more than traditional saunas. Additionally, it assists with mood regulation, weight loss, relaxation, burning calories, pain relief, anti-aging, skin purification, cell health, and improved circulation. All of this occurs because the power of the infrared light is used to heat your body without raising the temperature of the air around you. It's HigherDOSE's goal to make their Infrared Sauna Blanket V3 accessible to all, so they offer payment plans, as well as, a one-year limited warranty. Keep your SAD at bay this winter by revitalizing your mind, body and soul with the Infrared Sauna Blanket V3. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Data is everywhere, and increasingly central to our lives. You can put it at your fingertips with these courses from our VIP Sale, 40% off with code VIP40 for a limited time. Looking to use Excel for more than simple functions? This 24-course bundle touches every possible aspect, from data visualization to day-to-day automation tips to make your life easier. Get the Premium 2021 Microsoft Excel & Data Certification Bundle for $41.99 (reg. $2,376) with code VIP40. New to Excel? Each of the 8 courses in this bundle shows you how a core function works, making it easy to get more from each spreadsheet. Get the Complete Excel Excellence Bundle for $23.99 (reg. $648) with code VIP40. Increasingly, Excel, Python, and PowerBI are meeting to create amazing data analysis. This bundle focuses on where they meet and how you can draw actionable data out of huge sets. Get the 2021 Advanced Data Analyst Bundle for $17.99 (reg. $450) with code VIP40. Automating Excel by coding functions and actions is a superb way to both save time and get better results. Over the 13 courses in this bundle, you'll learn the basics and build up to more complex automation. Get The Complete Excel, VBA, and Data Science Certification Training Bundle for $26.99 (reg. $2,600) with code VIP40. As big data becomes commonplace, the demands for data management have only increased. This bundle focuses on getting a handle on large datasets in Excel before transitioning to the advanced data tool Alteryx. Get the 2021 Excel to Alteryx Data Analyst Essentials Bundle for $17.99 (reg. $348) with code VIP40. Excel isn't just financial software but used in every department for a wide range of jobs. This bundle focuses on those jobs and how to get better at them as a pathway to becoming a certified Excel expert. Get the All-In-One Microsoft Excel Certification Training Bundle for $20.39 (reg. $2,000) with code VIP40. Intimidated by Excel? You're far from alone. This bundle is for beginners looking to learn day-to-day use and how to better deliver results from their spreadsheets. Get the Essential Excel for Beginners Course for $5.99 (reg. $100) with code VIP40. These 49 lectures focus on business analysis. Taught by the StreamSkill team, it teaches you how to merge data, clean it up, apply logic, and draw conclusions and make forecasts to better determine the direction of your business. Get the Must-Have Microsoft Excel for Business Analysts Course for $5.99 (reg. $99) with code VIP40. Business intelligence (BI) visualizes your company's data and results to see what next steps need to be taken and where the business is going. This bundle shows you everything you need to know for effective BI work, from building a dashboard to ensuring the accuracy of a projection. Get the 2021 Ultimate Microsoft Excel Business Intelligence Certification Bundle for $26.99 (reg. $2,400 ) with code VIP40. Google Sheets is useful as a collaboration tool and for providing shared data to the cloud, but it and Excel don't always get along. This set of courses rated as high as 4.7/5 stars teaches you how to make peace using practical code-along projects to bridge the gap. Get the Premium Google Sheets & Microsoft Excel Certification Bundle for $23.99 (reg. $2,200) with code VIP40.   Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cryptocurrency, blockchain, and fintech have gone from buzzwords to supposedly so effective, a hamster can make a fortune. Whether or not that's true, you'll need to know what you're doing before you invest, and you can save 40% on each of these courses to learn how with the code VIP40. This 5-course bundle is a perfect starting point for new investors. Taught by entrepreneurs and investors, it lays out the basics so you can choose the right currency and markets. Get the Complete Cryptocurrency Investment Bundle for $14.40 (reg. $479) with code VIP40. Blockchain has implications well beyond the financial, with potential for document control, product validation, and even protecting endangered species. These 2 courses will help you get certified and start using blockchains. Get the Blockchain Certification Advanced Training Bundle for $17.40 (reg. $899) with code VIP40. Ethereum has some fascinating approaches to automating contracts and transactions through the blockchain. This 10-course bundle explores what that means, use cases for blockchain across industries, and how to implement it for your business. Get the Complete Blockchain & Ethereum Programmer Bundle for $17.40 (reg. $1,861) with code VIP40. The majority of trading in any financial market is run by "quants," complex algorithm-driven automated trading tools that anyone can build and use. The QuantInsti team takes over 40 years of experience and breaks this world down across 5 courses, showing how to code, test, and invest with an automated trading system. Get the QuantInsti®: Quantitative Trading for Beginners Bundle for $29.99 (reg. $508) with code VIP40. Fintech School designs courses to get you up to speed, fast. These 7 hour-long courses go in depth on key crypto topics, so you can understand the terminology and invest smartly. Get the Ultimate FinTech & Blockchain Bootcamp Bundle for $23.99 (reg. $1,592) with code VIP40. Senior information security consultant and IT trainer Gabriel Avramescu gives you the basics of crypto in one hour. Designed for experienced investors without a crypto background, it lays out what you need to know to place your money wisely. Get the Fundamentals of Blockchain, Bitcoin & Crypto for $14.99 (reg. $200) with code VIP40. The non-fungible token, or NFT, helps artists make money off the rights to their work. Benjamin Wilson discusses the value for artists, and how they can begin making a living off their work in the crypto space. Get How To Create Your First NFT: The Beginner's Guide for $11.99 (reg. $199) with code VIP40. This 6-course bundle explores how blockchains are developed on the code side, and what even investors only interested in margins should know. Mammoth Interactive discusses cloud computer and blockchains, smart contracts, and real-world use cases. Get the Cryptocurrency with Ethereum & Solidity Blockchain Developer Bundle for $12 (reg. $1,200) with code VIP40. Now that you understand blockchains, cryptocurrency, and NFTs, how do you make money with them? The Wealthy Education team looks at these as practical investments and where they belong in your portfolio. Get the Complete NFT & Cryptocurrency Wealth Building Masterclass Bundle for $17.99 (reg. $1,200) with code VIP40. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In the past, raising money for a business venture meant hitting the pavement, making contacts, setting up meetings, and shaking as many hands as possible. But that’s not how things work any more. Today, technology can bring investors and entrepreneurs together without anybody having to leave their house or even make a phone call. And while some people probably still mourn the old-fashioned way of raising capital, you’re certainly not going to find many complaints from investors and entrepreneurs using high-tech business funding platforms like EquityNet. EquityNet is a crowdfunding platform that makes connecting businesses and investors radically simple. Founded in 2005 in order to create a more efficient marketplace for business capital, the company has since been granted five different fintech patents, surpassed 200,000 members, and helped businesses raise $600 million. What sets EquityNet apart as a business funding platform is that they don’t just put investors and entrepreneurs together in the same virtual room and hope something good happens. EquityNet goes the extra mile to make sure everyone has the cutting edge tools they need to make smart decisions. For entrepreneurs that means helping them create effective profiles, optimize their business plan, and find the right types of investors. And for investors, that means helping them establish their investing criteria, analyze thousands of investment opportunities, and do a deep dive on specific investment opportunities. Whether you are an investor or an entrepreneur, everything that happens on EquityNet is driven by the latest financial technologies. Just take a look at their patented Enterprise Analyzer™ system, one of the most advanced analytics tools available to individuals and entrepreneurs. It analyzes business plans and provides scores on valuation, risk, investment return, undercapitalization, and many other factors. EquityNet investors use this tool to screen businesses and easily identify prospective investments. EquityNet entrepreneurs use it to fine-tune their business plan before they present themselves to investors. The best part about the Enterprise Analyzer™ system is that you don’t have to use the scores in a vacuum. EquityNet puts all the data into one of the biggest benchmarking databases in the world. This enables both investors and entrepreneurs to compare plans and projections with those of other companies, look at average valuation, risk, investment return scores in a given industry. Any abnormalities are then flagged as either moderate (yellow) or high (red). Of course, the question you probably want answered at this point is, how much does EquityNet cost? And the answer is, a lot less than you think. For investors—accredited individuals, investment groups, venture capitalists, angel investors, government entities, grant agencies, non-profits, and even banks—EquityNet is completely free. All you have to do is sign up. For entrepreneurs with any type of business at any stage of development, getting started with EquityNet is free, but certain premium features require a paid subscription. However, given that companies who use EquityNet’s business planning software are 10 times more likely to obtain funding than those that don’t, the paid subscriptions are totally worth it. If you are an investor looking for new opportunities or a business owner looking to raise capital, you really need to take a look at EquityNet. They make equity investing radically efficient, and might just make your life a whole lot easier. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Departed Neuralink co-founder Max Hodak has a grim take on the fate of humanity: the robot uprising is inevitable, and they will leave humans in the dust. Key to his argument, which is admittedly a little hard to follow, is that AI will likely not adhere to humanity's preconceptions about political and economic models for society. "Humans are objectively bad with socialism (and on the contrary, capitalism is amazingly effective at advancing humanity)," he wrote in a tweet, "but machines might end up reasoning about their identities and communities super differently." That kind of incompatibility could lead to some irreconcilable differences. "We are going to get so wrecked," he added. The kind of value systems that humans have used to structure societies over history — regardless of their success in bringing about meaningful change — may soon no longer be relevant. "Idk, I think the broader point is just that machines might end up having a lot more flexibility on how they organize themselves than we do," Hodak pondered in a follow-up tweet. "It takes generations to upgrade cognitive technology in human societies." The news comes after Hodak left brain implant startup Neuralink in May, a company he co-founded with SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. "I am no longer at Neuralink (as of a few weeks ago)," he wrote in a mysterious tweet at the time. "I learned a ton there and remain a huge cheerleader for the company! Onward to new things." Neuralink has tasked itself with developing brain computer interfaces — likely, judging by Hodak's work at Neuralink, aimed at blurring the line between human and machine, making his recent comments all the more intriguing. To Musk, that has always been priority number one. The billionaire CEO has repeatedly said that machines are eventually coming to get us, a warning sign that should motivate us to get ahead of the problem with cutting edge technologies. In fact, Neuralink's entire mission statement is "if you can't beat em, join em." Whether humanity's advancements in AI and robotics will allow us to come up with new ways to reorganize ourselves to deal with a swiftly tilting future remains to be seen. Perhaps Hodak is right in believing that that kind of shift could take entire generations. Machines, on the other hand, are starting from scratch. And if it were to ever come to a point of having them organize themselves without our input — the singularity, in effect — that could certainly lead to our demise. More on Hodak: Brain Implant Entrepreneur Says His Inbox Is Filled With Furries Share This Article 
Depending on where you live, one of the worst things about hanging out on the patio at dusk is getting eaten alive by mosquitos or other insects. Of course, you could use insect repellent to ward off pesky insects, but it probably wouldn't help your cause. That's because a new study in the Journal of Insect Science has found, “many of the products … tested that were marketed as repellents do not reduce mosquito attraction to humans.” Yikes. That's not just a waste of your money, but risky for your health if you live in an area where Zika Virus is prevalent. So if you're looking for an effective way to protect yourself or those you love from bug bites without using traditional bug repellent, you need to know about Outer's Bug Shield Blankets. Meet the newest innovation for outdoor living, Outer's Bug Shield Blankets. These lightweight throw blankets are enhanced with safe, long-lasting bug-repellent Insect Shield®️ technology. This insect shield technology puts insect repellency near your skin, not on it, providing you with state-of-the-art invisible protection. Not only that, but the repellency is long-lasting so no re-application is needed, which is convenient, and can help alleviate concerns about overuse and misuse of repellent. Insect Shield®️ bonds tightly to fabric fibers even after washing, resulting in long-lasting repellency that will last through the blanket's lifetime. Plus, these Bug Shield Blankets are made with 100-percent recycled fibers, giving existing materials a second life. Insect Shield apparel puts insect repellency near your skin, instead of on it, making your protection invisible. Also, the repellency is built to last so no re-application is needed, which is convenient and can help alleviate concerns about overuse and misuse of repellent. Bug Shield Blankets are treated with invisible, odorless Insect Shield®️ technology, which is proven to repel pesky mosquitoes, ticks, fleas, flies, ants, chiggers, and no-see-ums. And is great for the whole family because Insect Shield®️ was given the most favorable and lowest-risk rating by the EPA, and is approved for use by pregnant women, children, and pets. The EPA requires extensive effectiveness data to prove a product's ability to repel insects. Many species and varieties of these insects have been tested, including many that can carry dangerous diseases like the Zika Virus. Outer's wants to make sure you get exactly what you want when it comes to a versatile blanket that also will prevent you from getting bitten up by insects. That's why the Bug Shield Blanket comes in three different yet timeless prints: houndstooth, pinstripe, and plaid patterns. These blankets are designed to make your time outside even more relaxing and cozy. Blankets are made with 100-percent recycled fibers, giving existing materials a second life and resulting in blankets that look as good as they feel. With Bug Shield Blankets, you'll spend less time worrying about annoying airborne pests, so you can enjoy spending time with friends and family. So what are you waiting for? Buy your Bug Shield Blanket now and stop nasty bug bites, safely and effectively. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's just another day in the Wild West of cryptocurrency markets. Users of the blockchain startup Compound got an unusual surprise. Millions of dollars worth of COMP tokens, rewards for crypto mining, were mistakenly given out Wednesday night — and the exchange is now groveling and threatening for its money back. A decentralized finance or "DeFi" protocol like Compound allows investors to trade directly with each other. Cryptocurrency exchanges, in contrast, are businesses that facilitate the exchange of assets for other kinds of assets, like trading cryptos for fiat currencies. According to public records, the equivalent of around $90.1 million was given out in total. One user couldn't believe their luck, ending up with 70 million COMP tokens, worth around $20 million. "What's going on here?" they tweeted. Now, of course, Compound is desperate. "If you received a large, incorrect amount of COMP from the Compound protocol error: Please return it," Robert Leshner, founder of Compound Labs, tweeted Thursday night. Leshner also gave out a stern warning. "Keep 10 percent as a white-hat," he added in the tweet. "Otherwise, it’s being reported as income to the IRS, and most of you are doxxed." The founder seems to have had a change of heart after making the threat, though. "I'm trying to do anything I can to help the community get some of its COMP back, and this was a bone-headed tweet / approach," he wrote in a follow-up tweet. "That's on me." "I appreciate your ridicule and support," Leshner added. The founder basically had his finger on the self-destruct button by threatening to unmask users. "Doxxing their customers is about the worst thing a crypto company can do from a PR perspective," Mati Greenspan, portfolio manager and Quantum Economics founder, told CNBC. Surprisingly, users have given back their money before when another money market called Alchemix had a similar incident, mistakenly giving out $4.8 million. "Almost everyone who got the extra rewards refunded the extra," blockchain security researcher Mudit Gupta told CNBC. "This makes me optimistic that people will refund most of COMP tokens, as well, but you can never be sure," he said. READ MORE: DeFi bug accidentally gives $90 million to users, founder begs them to return it [CNBC] More on cryptos: El Salvador Officially Starts Mining Bitcoin Using Power From an Actual Volcano Share This Article 
Drones are driving new science, racing in new sports leagues, and generally reminding us why we love robots. And if you want in on the drone action, we've got plenty, all for 15% off with code VIP15, Pictured above, this tiny drone can go up to 45 mph and offers instant video with a 720p camera. Get the Micro Drone 3.0 - Combo Pack for $110.47 (reg. $215) with code VIP15. With altitude hold, headless flying, and a 4K camera, this drone is perfect for getting that aerial shot. Get the Global Drone 4K Platinum Version for $93.46 (reg. $119) with code VIP15. In addition to its easy flying to make it fun to pick up, a one-touch return ensures you'll never have to seek out your little buddy. Get the Ninja Dragon Vortex 9 RC Quadcopter Drone with 4K HD Camera for $67.99 (reg. $149) with code VIP15. This drone fits 4K flight in your pocket and uses a convenient app, so you're always ready to hover and shoot. Get the Copernicus Mini Drone for $63.71 (reg. $90) with code VIP15. Palm, gesture, and follow control make this drone perfect for filming sports, events, and more. Get the Ninja Dragon Dual 4K Wide Angle 3D Flip Quadcopter for $84.15 (reg. $169) with code VIP15. Controlled via your smartphone, this drone has up to 20 minutes of flight time. Get the Ninja Dragon J10X Wi-Fi RC Quadcopter Drone with 4K HD Camera for $84.15 (reg. $199) with code VIP15. Armed with 2 cameras, this drone gets perfect images, every time. Get the Stealth Dragon Pro Headless FPV Drone with 4K HD Dual-Camera for $101.99 (reg. $199) with code VIP15. LED lights and easy control make this the perfect stunt drone for beginners. Get the Ninja Dragon Max Flip Headless HD Camera Gesture Control Drone for $84.15 (reg. $169) with code VIP15. A distortion-free lens with 90 degrees of adjustment ensures you take the perfect aerial shot, every time. Get the Ninja Dragon Alpha Z PRO 4K Wide Angle Dual Camera Drone for $84.99 (reg. $199) with code VIP15. A waypoint flight system ensure you snap everything easily and quickly. Get the Ninja Dragons Blade X 4K Dual Camera Drone for $75.65 (reg. $199) with code VIP15. A 3-axis gimbal for the front-facing camera helps you get those shots that are difficult to snap even from the air. Get the 4K Dual Camera Pro GPS Drone for $59.46 (reg. $272) with code VIP15. Built for beginners, this little guy is easy to use and can even be commanded with simple gestures. Get the Black YLR/C S32T HD 4K Single-Camera Drone for $84.96 (reg. $410) with code VIP15. Smooth flight and built-in electronic image stabilization will make it seem as if you took a casual snapshot from the air. Get the Bronze Senior GPS 4K Dual Camera Drone 106 with Gimbal and EIS for $67.96 (reg. $320) with code VIP15. If you need distance, this drone can fly up to 1.2km away from its controller and stay under your command. Get the Gold & Black 4K Long-Range HD Dual Camera Drone with Wi-Fi & GPS for $254.11 (reg. $1,550) with code VIP15. The intuitive controls and easy-to-pack design makes this a perfect vacation sidekick. Get the KAI ONE Pro Drone 1080p 4Ke HD Drone for $50.96 (reg. $212) with code VIP15.   Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin is directly impeding NASA's efforts to get the first astronauts back to the Moon since 1972, the space company is facing some serious inner turmoil. An essay signed by 21 current and former employees paints a bleak picture of what it's like to work at Blue Origin, a company that the signers say is "rife with sexism" and often pushes employees to their limits. "Many of us have spent our careers dreaming of helping to launch a crewed rocket into space and seeing it safely touch back down on Earth," the employees wrote in the essay. "But when Jeff Bezos flew to space this July, we did not share his elation. Instead, many of us watched with an overwhelming sense of unease. Some of us couldn’t bear to watch at all." Alexandra Abrams, the former head of Blue Origin Employee Communications and the only former employee whose name appeared on the letter, was "dismissed for cause" in 2019 "after repeated warnings for issues involving federal export control regulations," Blue Origin's vice president of communications Linda Mills told CNBC. "I’ve gotten far enough away from it that I’m not afraid enough to let them silence me anymore," Abrams told CBS. It's a turbulent time for Blue Origin, a company that is actively seeking to overturn NASA's decision to chose SpaceX for developing a Moon lander. Bezos sued the space agency over the decision last month, causing plans to return astronauts to the Moon to be put on hold. "The last couple of months, since Jeff Bezos went to space, have been shockingly terrible for his space company's public image," Ars Technica space reporter Eric Berger wrote today. "They have fallen so far, so fast, it's difficult to really wrap my head around it." It's also not the first time we've heard about harsh working conditions inside Blue Origin. Last year, employees spoke out about being put under immense pressure to launch the company's New Shepard rocket during the COVID-19 pandemic, as The Verge reported at the time. The new revelations paint a dire picture of the working conditions inside Blue Origin. In the essay, the employees argued that the company's culture and work environment "reflects the worst of the world we live in now, and sorely needs to change." The former employees also mentioned several instances of alleged sexual harassment — including by senior level managers — inside a company run by an "overwhelmingly white" and male workforce. Blue Origin also failed to "consider the environmental impact" of its operations, the former employees wrote. "We did not see sustainability, climate change, or climate justice influencing Blue Origin’s decision-making process or company culture," the essay reads. The letter also claimed that "teams are stretched beyond reasonable limits," leading to compromises in flight safety of the company's New Shepard spacecraft. The company was also reportedly very stingy with its resources. "Employees are often told to 'be careful with Jeff’s money,' to 'not ask for more,' and to 'be grateful,'" reads the letter. "It should not take loss of life to turn our eye toward what goes on behind closed doors at space companies," the essay reads. "Lack of rules and regulation has helped the commercial space industry thrive, but the time has come — now that the public is boarding flights — to allow accountable oversight." Worse yet, all employees were apparently asked in 2019 to "sign new contracts with a non-disparagement clause binding them and their heirs from ever saying something that would 'hurt the goodwill of the company,'" according to the former employees. Blue Origin maintains that the company "has no tolerance for discrimination or harassment of any kind," Mills wrote in her statement to CNBC. "We provide numerous avenues for employees, including a 24/7 anonymous hotline, and will promptly investigate any new claims of misconduct." All told, the former employees lay out some pretty serious allegations. Blue Origin's PR department has its work cut out for it — especially given the company's already tarnished reputation. READ MORE: Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin is a ‘toxic’ workplace, some current and ex-workers claim in essay [CNBC] More on Blue Origin: In Newly-Released Documents, NASA Scoffed at Jeff Bezos’ Moon Lawsuit Share This Article 
More people are working from home now than ever, which means that more of us have become painfully aware just how noisy everybody’s homes can be. Online work meetings can be convenient and safer than meeting in an office conference room but not anywhere near as quiet, unless of course the participants in that meeting are using Krisp, an incredible (and free to use) noise cancelling app that uses artificial intelligence to filter out unwanted noise from your online calls and videoconferences, both at your own mic and on the other end or ends of the conversation. With Krisp, only your voice and the voice of whoever you’re speaking to online will be part of your conversation, and any other noises that might be happening in the background are filtered out. How? Krisp works with hundreds of different online communications platforms, including Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Slack, and Discord, and many more -- over 800 in all. Krisp makes communications on these platforms crystal clear and quiet through the power of AI machine learning, analyzing 20,000 different noises on 50,000 different speakers, across more than 25,000 hours of audio, and all that experience is put towards making your calls as close to perfect as they can be. Eliminating background noise is the central feature of Krisp, but it can also boost voice quality and even works in a low power mode, relieving your PC or phone of heavy CPU usage. And if you have privacy concerns about Krisp, save them, because all audio processed by the app stays on your device, with no cloud storage involved at any point. One of the coolest things about the Krisp noise cancelling app is that it has a version that’s absolutely free for up to two hours of telecommuting per week. But if your typical work week involves more online video meetings or conference calls than that, you can upgrade to Krisp Pro, which costs just $5 a month when you pay upfront for an annual subscription. If you’re in charge of a team of telecommuters, there are also Krisp Teams and Krisp Enterprise, and you can get all the information you need from the Krisp site now. GitHub, Fuze, ServiceTitan, and Amplitude are just some of the companies that have sworn by Krisp for making their work-from-home operations quieter, clearer, and more efficient. But since Krisp can be yours absolutely free, you don’t have to take anyone else’s word for how it works -- just try it for yourself and hear how this noise cancelling app can turn even the loudest and most hectic part of your home into a quiet, soundproof office, at least as far as the people you’re talking to are concerned. So if you spend any time at all working from home and have been irritated by noisy background distractions and bad voice quality, there’s no reason not to give the Krisp noise cancelling app a try now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Autumn is upon us, and that means more time inside. Make your home everything it can be with our VIP Sale. For each of these items, you'll save 15% when using the code VIP15 at checkout. Pictured above, the Brocchi's 6,000 RPM motor, stainless steel blade, and USB charging make it a perfect grooming companion anywhere you go. Get the Brocchi Men Waterproof Trimmer for $30.56 (reg. $41 ) with code VIP15. If your pooch is itchy, sneezy, or otherwise miserable, these two intolerance tests can tell you what's happening with a simple hair sample. Get the 5Strands Pet Food & Environmental Intolerance Test for $114.74 (reg. $148) with code VIP15. If you haven't been able to get to the dentist, this whitening system is simple to use at home and guarantees 12 shades of whiter teeth in a minimum of four sessions. Get the Intelliwhite Teeth Whitening System for $42.49 (reg. $169 ) with code VIP15. Never forget a card again with this service that helps you find the right card, write the best message, and can even include a gift card. Get Culture Greetings Personalized Greeting Cards for $2.54 (reg. $4) with code VIP15. Hex uses the Wi-Fi you've already set up to detect motion, making it easy to install and hard for thieves to notice... until it's too late. Get the Hex DIY Home Security System for $144.49 (reg. $199 ) with code VIP15. This 4K drone is ideal for beginners, with gesture control and a 25-minute battery to keep you in the air. Get the Black YLR/C S32T HD 4K Single-Camera Drone for $84.96 (reg. $410 ) with code VIP15. A built-in signal amplifier means you don't have to mount this antenna on your roof while bringing in crisp, clear broadcast signals. Get a 4K HD Indoor TV Antenna for $35.69 (reg. $59 ) with code VIP15. These five high-gloss puzzles add to the challenge of assembling them by using repeating patterns. Get the Puzzledly 1,000-Piece Collection: 5 Jigsaw Puzzles for $75.64 (reg. $125 ) with code VIP15. With 4.6 stars on Amazon, this 576 Wh-capacity power station has a modular design so you can add or subtract power as you need it. Get the EcoFlow RIVER Max Portable Power Station for $382.46 (reg. $599) with code VIP15. Using tightly focused air conduction, these sweat-resistant open-ear headphones offer 10 hours of tunes while leaving your ears open to monitor your surroundings. Get the Mu6 Ring Open-Air Bluetooth Headphones for $46.74 (reg. $74 ) with code VIP15. This little pod puts a cameraman and control booth in your pocket, tracking you automatically while streaming your video to multiple platforms. Get the Pivo Red Smart Interactive Pod with Remote Control & Travel Case for $110.49 (reg. $188 ) with code VIP15. This little tag packs a customizable button, an 80 dB alert, and up to seven reminders in a dustproof and waterproof package. Get the FOBO Tag Personal Bluetooth Tracker for $24.64 (reg. $35 ) with code VIP15. Built for tight spaces and multiple surfaces, anywhere the DuoClean can't fit, its six attachments can. Get a Shark DuoClean Slim Upright Vacuum with 6 Cleaning Tool Attachments (Certified Refurbished) for $97.74 (reg. $229 ) with code VIP15. The Navigator has an anti-allergen seal and HEPA filter, as well as a self-cleaning brush roll and a pet multi-tool for getting your furry friends' fuzz out of the couch. Get a Shark Navigator Swivel Pro Lift-Away Upright Vacuum with Self-Cleaning Brushroll (Certified Refurbished) for $152.15 (reg. $259) with code VIP15. Weighing less than four pounds, this corded vacuum offers relentless suction that makes detailing your car a snap. Get a Shark Rocket Ultra-Light Hand Vacuum & Car Detail Kit (Certified Refurbished) for $67.15 (reg. $124) with code VIP15. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to developer documents and video meeting recordings obtained by Vice, the engineers behind Amazon's new $999 robot aren't thrilled with the finished product. The e-retailer recently announced the Astro, a stalkerish two-wheeled robot designed to keep track of everything you do, and even spy on anybody unlucky enough to enter your home. Even if you sign on to that troubling premise, the bot's developers apparently weren't happy with the final product. "Astro is terrible and will almost certainly throw itself down a flight of stairs if presented the opportunity," an unnamed developer said, as quoted by Vice. "The person detection is unreliable at best, making the in-home security proposition laughable." "The device feels fragile for something with an absurd cost," the developer added. Vice's source also criticized the device's marketing as an accessibility device, telling the outlet that it's "at best, absurdist nonsense and marketing and, at worst, potentially dangerous for anyone who'd actually rely on it for accessibility purposes." A second source who also worked on the project called it "a disaster that's not ready for release," noting that "they break themselves and will almost certainly fall down stairs in real world users' homes." Senior PR manager Kristy Schmidt called the allegations "simply inaccurate," telling Vice that the robot "went through rigorous testing on both quality and safety, including tens of thousands of hours of testing with beta participants." It's almost poetic: a highly invasive robot hellbent on throwing itself down a flight of stairs. Astro represents the kind of future we've been warning about for all these years: a largely autonomous robot actively spying on strangers, developed by a company that has built its success on collecting every bit of information it can glean from its customers. Fortunately, it isn't likely to fly off the shelves given its hefty price tag. READ MORE: Leaked Documents Show How Amazon’s Astro Robot Tracks Everything You Do [Vice] More on Amazon: Companies Are Ditching Drug Tests Because They’re Blocking Good Candidates Share This Article 
Instead of making progress on its massively ambitious plans to return astronauts to the surface of the Moon, NASA is embroiled in legal battles over its decision to hand SpaceX its lunar lander contract. Now, The Verge has obtained legal filings that show NASA's frustration with Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin's request to negotiate its $5.9 billion lunar lander contract. The backstory is that back in 2019, NASA put out a call to the private space industry for a new spacecraft design capable of returning the first astronauts to the lunar surface since 1972. After several rounds, SpaceX was awarded a $2.9 billion contract in April — prompting protests and a lawsuit against NASA by Blue Origin. NASA's hands were tied with extremely limited funding from Congress and ended up choosing the lowest bidder. Blue Origin however chose a different negotiation tactic, pitching its Blue Moon lander for almost twice as much: $5.9 billion. In the documents obtained by The Verge, NASA argued in May that Blue Origin was acting in bad faith and chose to come in at a much higher bid with the expectation of NASA negotiating them down. Blue Origin was convinced that NASA would have enough money from Congress to cover its steep asking price — but that couldn't have been further from the truth, with lawmakers putting NASA's project to return to the Moon under restrictive financial constraints. The Bezos-led company argued that it should've changed the terms of the contract once it was clear Congress was only going to give it a fraction of what it requested, according to The Verge. NASA wasn't convinced at all by that argument, calling the space company out for making a bet that "it lost" in the documents. "Realizing now that it gambled and lost, Blue Origin seeks to use GAO’s procurement oversight function to improperly compel NASA to suffer the consequences of Blue Origin’s ill-conceived choices," the space agency's attorney wrote in a May report, as quoted by The Verge. Even Bezos sweetening the deal with a $2 billion discount in July didn't sway NASA's leadership. Blue Origin also tried to argue that SpaceX wasn't implementing proper safety reviews ahead of each rocket launch during Starship prototype testing. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk dismissed the argument arguing in a tweet last week that "we always do flight readiness reviews! This argument makes no sense." So where does all of this leave NASA's Artemis program? Blue Origin's lawsuit has already been a huge setback for the agency's ambitious plans. Now, either the court finds that NASA gave SpaceX unfair treatment or that Blue Origin's protests are null — two possibilities with drastically different outcomes. And the stakes are higher than ever. SpaceX and NASA could soon resume meaningful progress on the Starship launch vehicle — or the entire contract could have to be redone in its entirety, which could represent a huge blow for the agency's efforts to return astronauts to the Moon. READ MORE: Blue Origin ‘gambled’ with its Moon lander pricing, NASA says in legal documents [The Verge] More on the contract: Head of NASA: Jeff Bezos’ Lawsuit Likely to Delay Human Moon Landing Share This Article 
While Google Maps may offer a globe mode, it's really not the same as having a real, tactile globe to use to learn geography. The Orboot Earth combines the best of both worlds, giving you a tangible world to spin and a digital guide to what's on the Earth, and right now, you can save 15% on it during our VIP Sale with the coupon VIP15. Rated 4.5/5 stars on Amazon, the Orboot starts with the globe itself. The 10" polycarbonate construction is designed to be light but durable, perfect for kids to spin and handle as they learn. It also comes with a passport, stamps, country flags, and a learning guide to get started right out of the box. The combination of these features helps foster a conscious and curious little global citizen. Painted on the globe are notable landmarks, species, and groups. It's when you boot up an Android tablet or iPad, and use the AR capabilities, that the Orboot really stands out. The Orboot has more than 1,000 world facts and 400 highlights for kids to find by scanning it with a tablet. Using the Orboot Earth app, once they find a place of interest, an interactive article pops up. Kids can learn about the biodiversity of a place, how its cuisine has changed over time, about the cultures and practices of people around the world, monuments you'll find in your digital travels, and even notable inventions. It's a great way to help kids learn about geography and world cultures in a dynamic way, while developing a love of STEM skills. And since kids can seek out what they want to know, it teaches them to be inquisitive. Get the Orboot Earth for $46.74 (reg. $59) with code VIP15. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
By now it’s obvious cryptocurrencies are not a fad. In fact, with the world crypto market now worth over $2 trillion, a lot of financial advisors are telling younger clients to allocate anywhere from 1 to 5 percent of their portfolios to crypto. And the good news is that now there’s actually a smart way to do it thanks to a trailblazing crypto startup called BlockFi. Founded in 2017 by Zac Prince and Flori Marquez, BlockFi is an online crypto investing and management platform. It was specifically created to bridge the gap between the worlds of traditional finance and crypto. To do that, the company has used multiple rounds of venture capital funding over the last four years to make traditional financial products and services available to crypto investors for the first time. How are things going so far? Well, a year ago BlockFi was valued at $435 million. Today they are valued at $3 billion, and there’s been talk that yet another round of funding could push them to $5 billion. So things are going pretty well. Today BlockFi offers crypto investors a variety of wealth management services. However, their marquee product is still the BlockFi Interest Account. And it is changing the way people invest in crypto. The BlockFi Interest Account (BIA) is the world’s first compound interest cryptocurrency savings account. With compound interest savings accounts, the interest you earn over a specified period of time is added to the principal balance, which ultimately allows you to earn interest on interest and grow your wealth exponentially. Compound interest has been available in traditional finance for centuries. However, it hasn’t been available for crypto investors until now. The interest rates offered on BlockFi Interest Accounts are pretty impressive. Right now you can earn: The rates for GUSD and USDC are especially notable. GUSD and USDC are “stablecoins” that are permanently pegged to the U.S. dollar. These high interest rates thus provide crypto investors with a built-in way to mitigate some of the risk that comes with trading in other cryptocurrencies. Earning compound interest on your crypto holdings might be the most obvious reason to sign up for BlockFi, but it’s not the not the only reason. BlockFi is a comprehensive crypto platform that lets you easily manage your crypto assets and optimize portfolio allocation. Users can add funds to their account with their local fiat currency, making deposits and withdrawals straight from their checking accounts. BlockFi also offers crypto-backed loans. Using your crypto holdings as collateral, you can get loans worth up to 50 percent of the value of your assets at a highly competitive 4.5% APR. This lets you put your crypto holdings to work without cashing out. And it means you won't be left kicking yourself when the value of a particular currency you used to have in your portfolio skyrockets down the road. Last but not least, BlockFi’s newest product is the BlockFi Rewards Visa Signature Card. With no annual fee and no foreign transaction fees, this credit card lets you earn 3.5% in Bitcoin for every dollar you spend for the first three months, then 1.5% on every dollar you spend up to $50,000 per year, and 2% on every dollar you spend over $50,000 per year. It also lets you earn 0.25% in Bitcoin on all eligible trades up to $500 worth of Bitcoin per month, plus $30 in Bitcoin for every client referral. Given all the growth we’ve seen over the past few years, one could make a pretty strong case that crypto is the asset class of the future. If you’re looking for a smarter way to build and manage your portfolio of digital assets, you need to take a look at BlockFi. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Adult video content has been around for decades, but there’s never been a better, more bounteous, or exciting time to explore its technological limits. The most exciting things in the industry are now happening in virtual reality, and it can be pretty intimidating if you’re trying to find a good way to begin exploring the frontiers of VR sex. Unless, of course, you’re familiar with the KIIROO Titan VR Experience, which gives you everything you need to become a VR sex pioneer at a ridiculously affordable price. The centerpiece of the Titan VR Experience bundle from KIIROO is the Titan itself, the first and best interactive vibrating stroker available on the market today. If you enjoy the sexual sensation of intense vibrations inside a real-feel sleeve, the Titan will change the way you enjoy adult video content forever. The vibrations provided by the Titan’s strategically placed bullet-shaped motors each represent their own especially convincing argument for why you don’t really have to leave your house ever again, and its touch-sensitive control pads give you an unparalleled level of control over your own Titan experience. On its own, the Titan is a game-changer for enjoying adult video content at home. But when used in conjunction with the included virtual reality headset, it becomes the key to a completely immersive experience. You might not realize it if you’ve never used an interactive stroker like the Titan before, but there are thousands of pieces of video content out there with programmed vibration sequences that allow your device to vibrate along with the action. There are new interactive videos (both for virtual reality and more traditional 2-D) being made all the time. Before too long, you might find yourself wondering how you ever managed to enjoy adult video the old way. Having said that, traditional adult video content is pretty tough to beat when you’ve got the power of the Titan at your fingertips. Even with no video at all, the Titan is a pretty great way to enjoy yourself at home. And if you’ve got a companion with a Titan, you can sync them up over the Internet and enjoy complete intimacy by letting them control every sensation you feel through the Titan, and vice-versa. The Titan VR Experience is designed to be an easy, one-stop purchase for anybody interested in the possibilities of virtual reality sex. For just $180 at the KIIROO online store, you get the Titan itself, the VR headset which is compatible with any standard smartphone, a bottle of KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant, and a bottle of KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner. In short, you'll have everything you need to get started with the nearly limitless supply of interactive adult videos that are already out there. And it’s all shipped discreetly to your door, free of charge. So if you're ready to explore the outer edge of what’s possible in VR sex, the KIIROO Titan VR Experience is a must-buy. Head over to the KIIROO online store now and check it out for yourself. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Unless you've been living under a rock — or a beautiful corner of the internet blissfully unaware of Elon Musk news — you probably know that musician Claire "Grimes" Boucher broke up with her billionaire SpaceX CEO partner of three years recently. "We are semi-separated but still love each other, see each other frequently and are on great terms," Musk told Page Six on Friday. Now, Grimes says she'll be exercising her newly found freedom in a big and characteristically hyperbolic way. "I’ll be colonizing [one of Jupiter’s moons] Europa separately from Elon for the lesbian space commune," she told Page Six in yet another exclusive on Monday. Details about the lesbian space commune remain sparse, and it remains unclear whether Musk will be allowed to visit. We also don't know if she'll be taking her child X Æ A-12 along with her. But frankly, we're happy for her. Grimes may also be making a sly reference to a contract NASA signed with SpaceX earlier this summer to help the agency investigate if the icy moon is capable of hosting life. But far more likely is that she's referring to her upcoming album, a "space opera" about a lesbian AI being. It's not the first time Grimes has spoken out about her wildly ambitious plans to venture into deep space. In a February 2020 interview with British magazine The Face, she suggested that she'd "like to upload my consciousness" and have it "live in some kind of humanoid vessel that can speak and move freely, and then that body can go to Mars and other planets with my mind inside it." In March, she also wrote that "ready to die with the red dirt of mars beneath my feet" in an Instagram caption of a picture of her at SpaceX's "Starbase" facilities in South Texas. Grimes, just like Musk, is very much ready to reach for the stars — whether together or separately. READ MORE: Grimes jokes she’s starting a ‘lesbian space commune’ after Elon Musk split [Page Six] More on the breakup: Elon Musk and Grimes Just Broke Up After Dating Three Years Share This Article 
Cannabis is increasingly accepted as a way to support both mental and physical health. Yet often the products to store and sort your various strains and methods feel like they belong in a dorm room, not an adult's house. The Stori Cannabis Storage System offers cannabis storage and treatment that's practical and stylish, and right now, you can save 15% on it for our VIP Sale. Rated 5/5 stars by verified purchasers, the Stori has a white plastic case that stores 6 pods and 6 tubes, all airtight so you can pull one out and drop it in a bag or pocket. Each pod will store up to 7 grams of cannabis, while the tubes keep your pre-rolls secure. Each pod and tube are color-matched so you know what strain is in which roll. The case includes room for vapes, lighters, and anything else you might need. Use the Stori app to match strain to color, and you'll never have to wonder what's inside. And these containers' exteriors are all opaque, to maintain your privacy. In addition to being airtight and light-blocking, each pod and tube is made of food-safe aluminum to prevent any transfer of smells or flavors. They're also constructed to be child and pet-resistant and water tight to keep them safe and your cannabis protected. In fact, the Stori meets the FDA's food contact standards The Stori app helps you track which strains you've tried, how they made you feel, and to get recommendations on new. If you're curious about a new strain, check the app for reviews and profiles to see if it's right for you. Whether you're new to cannabis and want to be tasteful, or just want to ditch that stash box from college, there's a Stori for you. Get the Stori Cannabis Storage System for $140.21 (reg. $220) with code VIP15.  Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Thanks to the global pandemic, people have been looking for alternative ways to boost their immunity. And as it turns out, one of the best kept secrets is mushrooms. A study released from Pennsylvania State University found that mushrooms contain unusually high amounts of antioxidants known as ergothioneine and glutathione, which protect cells from a variety of diseases including Alzheimer's, cancer, and heart disease. However, the healing properties of mushrooms is hardly a secret. Eastern medicine has been using them to heal and boost immunity for thousands of years. So if you're relatively new to the world of mushrooms, and are interested in using them to strengthen your immune system, you should know about Mushroom Design Daily Multivitamin. Mushroom Design is a nutraceutical mushroom brand that inspires a better quality of life for humans everywhere. Their supplements are sourced directly and sustainably from nature—and then formulated to deliver and absorb these nutrients. Thanks to years of experience in the pharmaceutical and wellness space, the founders of Mushroom Design knew that it was time to change the dosage and delivery methods of mushrooms by infusing them into the perfect multivitamin. After years of research, their experts rebooted the multivitamin by taking nine cell-regenerating vitamins and pairing them with nine immune-boosting mushrooms. Resulting in a multi-vitamin that boosts immunity and fills in the nutritional gaps, unlike anything you’ve ever taken. The supplement world is confusing. Are we getting enough? Are we getting too much? Do we need one pill… or 21? Because of this, Mushroom Design went back to the basics. They know nature already provided the ideal ingredients. So they took those ingredients and worked to discover the most efficacious formulation. And it all starts with the blue beads inside their pills. These beads aren't just pretty to look at, they're designed so your body absorbs all the nutrients packed inside this little blue pill, better known as bioavailability. Oh, and that blue color? It’s all-natural, too, because it’s colored with cabbage. Similar to humans, mushrooms contain both water-soluble and oil-soluble components. Keeping this nutritional content in its natural state allows your body to absorb it more efficiently and effectively. Mushroom Design also believes in using the high-quality ingredients available, which means less is more, when maintaining your body’s equilibrium. In fact, too much immunological support can stress your system—putting your body into fight-or-flight mode. Because of this, the dosage of Mushroom Design Multivitamins is consistent with the recommended daily allowance by the National Institute of Health. Mushrooms have been used for centuries in traditional Chinese medicine. Mushroom Design studied these uses extensively before formulating the best mushroom-based multivitamin to support and strengthen your immune system. The process all starts with nine cell-regenerating vitamins that are health essentials, but also offset the mushrooms, which are handpicked to not only strengthen your immune system but deliver premium health benefits. These immune-boosting, life-changing mushrooms are: Lion’s Mane: These mushrooms are rich in diterpenes that support the nervous system. Two diterpenes found in Lion’s Mane, hericenones and erinacines, support brain health. Additionally, Lion’s Mane also supports the digestive system and immune system. Chaga: They’re high in naturally occurring beta-glucans and triterpenes, specifically betulinic acid and inotodiol, which serve to support the immune system. Betulinic acid is known to support cholesterol and blood glucose levels already in the normal range. Maitake: Maitake mushrooms contain numerous polysaccharides that are highly bioactive in the form of alpha and beta-glucans that support the immune system and help to maintain blood glucose levels in the normal range. MT-α-glucans, Maitake-D-fractions (MDF), and Maitake Z-fractions (MZF), and GFPBW1 also support the immune system while also helping maintain normal blood glucose levels. Oyster: Naturally full of niacin, a major component of NAD and NADP, two coenzymes that support cellular metabolism, oyster mushrooms help maintain normal cholesterol levels. They also contain peptide pleurostrine, as well as the beta-glucan pleuran, which boosts the immune system. Shitake: This powerhouse mushroom contains a specific immune-supporting beta-glucan, as well as a class of molecules called purines (that include eritadenine), to help maintain normal cholesterol levels. Shiitake mushrooms are also high in copper, an essential mineral that humans can’t create on their own – and they contain the antioxidant L-ergothioneine aka helping your immune system stay strong. Cordyceps: In addition to being rich in beta-glucans and triterpenes, cordyceps helps maintain cell integrity to strengthen your immune system while supporting aerobic cellular metabolism aka how your body creates energy via carbohydrates, amino acids, and fats in the presence of oxygen. Reishi: The triterpenes (specifically ganoderic- and lucidenic-acids) found in Reishi mushrooms aid in maintaining currently normal levels of blood pressure while supporting the circulatory system. Additionally, ACE inhibitory peptides found in reishi support normal and healthy heart function. Turkey Tail: Together, the 2 beta-glucans, PSK (polysaccharide-k) and PSP (polysaccharide peptide) found in Turkey Tail supports your body’s immune function to keep you from getting sick. Agarikon: A lesser-known, lesser studied, but equally (if not more) powerful fungi than many, agarikon has shown to support the immune system thanks to lanostane triterpenoids, chlorinated coumarins, agaric acid. So what are you waiting for? Boost your immunity by making your first purchase of Mushroom Design Daily Multivitamins risk-free with their 30-day, money-back guarantee. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you're suffering from side effects of erectile dysfunction, you're not alone. For many men, achieving and maintaining a strong erection can be difficult. Information out of the Cleveland Clinic estimates that 1 in 10 men will struggle with ED at some point in their lifetime. So if you're one of the men who's been affected by erectile dysfunction, you need to know about Viking Man Erectile Dysfunction Treatment. Erectile dysfunction is the inability to achieve or maintain an erection adequate for sex. There are many different causes, but ED ultimately occurs when there is too little blood flow into the penis and too much blood flow out, partially due to an enzyme called PDE5. Oral ED medications block PDE5 to increase blood flow into the penis and decrease blood flow out. It interferes with the breakdown of chemicals required to obtain and maintain an erection. This interference keeps more of those chemicals in action longer, improving the ability to get and maintain an erection. Your sexual health and overall health are inherently related. If erectile dysfunction is interrupting your sex life, your general well being (and that of your partner) is impacted greatly. But Viking Man Erectile Dysfunction Treatment is here to help. Viking Man provides discreet healthcare with a treatment plan of products to help with your erectile dysfunction. Becoming a Viking Man is simple. It all starts with taking a quick and easy personalized quiz. This personal assessment is designed to discover which solutions are best suited for you. The results will help you understand your options and learn more about the causes of erectile dysfunction. Next, you will meet with a highly knowledgeable online physician, and if necessary, get prescribed ED medication. Finally, your Viking Man medication is shipped for free in discreet packaging within 24 hours of your consult. Many people get great results the first time they use the medication. For some, it can take 2-3 uses to see results, and research shows that the best results occur after 8 uses. But as a Viking Man member, you also get free, unlimited doctor follow-ups to discuss fine-tuning your treatment. So if you don’t get the results you desire, don't panic. Your doctor may be able to increase your dose or switch you to a different medication. This is not uncommon. And if you do experience side effects, message your doctor and they’ll help determine if a different medication or dose is better suited for you. Your doctor on the Viking Man platform is here to help. Message them any time to discuss options. There’s no sign-up fee or cancellation fee; you can start or stop treatment any time. So what are you waiting for? Stand up for your sexual health and become a Viking Man, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A Pennsylvania-based holding company called Stronghold Digital Mining bought an entire coal power plant in Venango County, Pennsylvania over the summer to power 1,800 mining computers, NBC News reports. The plant is now burning about 600,000 tons of coal a year, a troubling return to a highly polluting form of energy and raising red flags among environmental advocates. "These miners don’t just need cheap energy, but a stable source of power because their machines need to run 24/7, and fossil fuel sources are best suited for it," Alex de Vries, a Dutch economist, researcher and founder of Digiconomist, told NBC. Stronghold is now planning to expand its operations by buying two more coal waste plants in the area, according to NBC. Coal waste plants use up environmentally hazardous piles of coal waste, byproducts of mining operations that can leach contaminants into waterways — but burning it still emits plenty of greenhouse gases. While cryptocurrency mining operations are flourishing stateside, other parts of the world are actively trying to stop it, like China, which declared all crypto transactions illegal on Friday. A major concern driving that crackdown in China is the astronomical amount of energy being used to mine crypto. The country aims to become carbon neutral by 2060. Companies like Stronghold are returning to coal, a source of electricity that was recently surpassed by renewables for the first time in US history last year, because it's cheap — environment be damned. "Miners are reviving gas plants and idle coal mines in places like New York and Montana," de Vries told NBC. Stronghold is now preparing for its initial public offering. The company maintains it is "environmentally beneficial" in Securities and Exchange Commission filings, pointing to the fact it is using up coal waste. "Simply put, we employ 21st century crypto mining techniques to remediate the impacts of 19th and 20th century coal mining in some of the most environmentally neglected regions of the United States," the company wrote in its SEC filing. But environmentalists argue there are better alternatives to dealing with waste coal, such as diverting it to lined landfills or planting sea grass on top of the piles. Local legislatures, however, appear to be more in favor of cutting taxes for cryptocurrency mining operations than investing in cleaning up the environment. READ MORE: Bitcoin miners align with fossil fuel firms, alarming environmentalists More on crypto: China Makes Crypto Transactions Illegal, Prompting Bitcoin Market Crash Share This Article 
A team of engineers at Northwestern University have built tiny microchips with wings that glide like a maple tree's winged seeds — and they're only about the size of a grain of sand, making them the "smallest-ever human-made flying structures," according to a statement by the university. The tiny "microfliers" could serve an important purpose by monitoring pollution, airborne diseases, and other environmental contaminants in the air after being ejected from a plane or a tall building. Swarms of the tiny gliders could form a massive wireless network, gathering important and valuable environmental data without the downsides of bulky monitoring equipment. The design was inspired by trees that disperse small seeds capable of spinning to slow their descent and allow them to cover a wider area on the ground. That means the tiny microchips don't have their own means of propulsion or engines. But despite their tiny size, the engineers managed to stuff sensors, power sources, and even antennas for wireless communication into them. "Over the course of billions of years, nature has designed seeds with very sophisticated aerodynamics," said John Rogers, team lead at Northwestern and co-author of a paper about the microfliers published in Nature this week, in the statement. "We borrowed those design concepts, adapted them and applied them to electronic circuit platforms." The fact that they can glide for longer periods of time allows them to collect a lot more environmental data over the course of their descent, according to the team. Rogers and the team were also inspired by pop-up books, which are two dimensional books that can turn into three-dimensional structures when opened, to come up with a novel manufacturing process for the devices. The team was able to "exploit the most advanced materials and manufacturing methods used by the consumer electronics industry" by printing the devices in "flat, chip-like designs," according to Rogers. In tests, the engineers were able to include gadgets harvest energy from the ambient environment to power a wireless antenna to transfer data to a smartphone. This way, prototypes were able to detect particulates in the air or take pH readings, something that could be used to monitor water quality. The engineers are now working on a fully "bioresorbable" version that dissolve in water once it hits the ground, leaving no trace behind. "We recognize that recovery of large collections of microfliers might be difficult," Rogers said in the statement. "To address this concern, these environmentally resorbable versions dissolve naturally and harmlessly." It's an elegant approach to monitoring air pollution — and it's only appropriate that the original idea came from nature itself. READ MORE: Winged Microchip Is Smallest-Ever Human-Made Flying Structure – The Size of a Grain of Sand [Northwestern University] More on air pollution: Something Is Frizzling Up the Brains of Old White Guys Share This Article 
It’s estimated that 85-percent of men and 40-percent of women experience visible hair loss by the time they turn 50. However, it doesn’t have to be that way. For decades, a high tech treatment called low light laser therapy has been helping people reverse the signs of hair loss. And now, thanks to products like the Kiierr Laser Cap, this treatment is easier to perform and more affordable than ever. Low Light Laser Therapy, or LLLT, has been around for a long time. It was discovered in the 1960s by a Hungarian physician named Endre Mester, and ever since then it has been used to treat hair loss in private clinics. Today LLLT is approved as safe with no side effects by the FDA, and several scientific studies have concluded that LLLT “significantly” improves hair counts in both men and women with androgenetic alopecia. As you might have guessed, the lasers used in LLLT are not the kinds of lasers you see in science fiction movies. In fact, LLLT is sometimes referred to as cold laser therapy because the lasers used do not generate any heat at all. There are actually a few different ideas about how LLLT actually works, but the prevailing theory is that the light emitted from laser diodes enhances blood circulation in the skin, transporting more nutrients and thus stimulating metabolism and protein synthesis in hair follicle cells. This process is called photobiomodulation. Not only does that sound really cool, but over a prolonged period of time it can cause hair follicles to switch from their dormant, or telogen phase, to their active, or anagen phase. That means subjects start to regrow hair in places where it had previously stopped growing. For a long time low light laser therapy was only available in clinical settings, where the pricing was rather exorbitant. Today, however, thanks to companies like Kiierr, anyone can administer LLLT in the comfort of their own home at a small fraction of the price. The Kiierr Laser Cap has a stretch headband that will fit anyone up to a 23.5 inch circumference, and it fits inside any standard baseball cap. The Kiierr 148 Pro has 148 laser diodes, while the Kiierr 272 Premium has 272 laser diodes. Both models emit light at a wavelength of 650 nanometers, which is clinically proven to be most effective. However, the more diodes there are, the more intense the light, and thus the less time it will take to see results. So how effective is the Kiierr Laser Cap? Using the Kiierr 272 Premium for 30 minutes every other day has been shown to be 93 percent effective in regrowing or thickening hair. Most people will see visible changes after three to four months, with maximum results coming after about six to seven months of use. So you do have to be patient. This is not an overnight fix. As mentioned above, the Kiierr Laser Cap is designed for people with androgenetic alopecia, which is the most common form of hair loss. It will not work for other types of hair loss. But don’t worry if you’re not sure which type of hair loss you have. Kiierr offers a seven-month money back guarantee. If the Kiierr Laser Cap does not produce results within 210 days, all you have to do is send it back and they will give you a full refund. For a long time most people couldn’t afford effective hair loss treatments. But now, thanks to the Kiierr Laser Cap System, that’s no longer the case. Order yours today and see if low light laser therapy works for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The tone at the first in-person United Nations meeting since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, which kicked off on Tuesday at the General Assembly in New York, was "dire," the Associated Press reports. The topics of conversation were familiar. Climate change is rearing its ugly head, while the availability of COVID-19 vaccines is driving wealthy and poor nations even further apart. The consensus appeared to be that we're at a low point in human history — and thinks might get worse before they get better. And world leaders seem to agree with that prognosis. Chinese President Xi Jinping said at the gathering that "the world has entered a period of new turbulence and transformation," as quoted by the AP. Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado Quesada took an equally somber tone. "The future is raising its voice at us: Less military weaponry, more investment in peace!" Racism around the world was also a hot button topic. A proposed resolution aimed at Israel, for instance, likened Zionism to racism, prompting to US and Israel to walk out. The worsening relations between China and the US also got a mention, with Xi and US president Joe Biden dancing around the topic by saying they were ready to cooperate if other nations were as well. UN secretary-general António Guterres warning the AP in an interview that we risk of starting a new Cold War if the two world powers don't fix their "completely dysfunctional" relationship. "Unfortunately, today we only have confrontation," he said. Humanity is facing some unprecedented challenges — and cooperation between world leaders seems hard to come by. By design, the summit was meant to represent the interests of billions of people, including many who are facing tough days ahead. No wonder discussions took a dark turn. READ MORE: ‘The future is raising its voice’: A dire mood at UN meeting [Associated Press] More on dire futures: Scientists Alarmed by Telltale Sign of Global Mass Extinction Share This Article 
A number of NASA, DARPA, MIT and Air Force scientists met on Zoom in November to discuss something usually reserved for fringe theorists and cranks: how to defeat gravity, The Debrief reports. The inaugural Alternative Propulsion Energy Conference (APEC) was formed to give scientists a chance to discuss taboo — and, to be fair, often far-fetched — ideas that fall outside the confines of mainstream science. There have been 22 meetings in the series since then, according to The Debrief's reporting, with scientists discussing topics ranging from Non-Newtonian Em Propulsion to Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAP) sightings. In other words, it's the "Woodstock of gravity-modification research," as Ron Kita, the founder of a venture called Chiralex that's working on "gravitational shielding" materials, called it in a quote for the event's homepage. All told, the event is eyebrow-raising. "The Alt Propulsion community is highly intersectional, and we’re sandwiched between the aerospace, defense, electrical engineering, physics, UFOs, and 'frontier science' cultures," conference moderator and organizer Tim Ventura told The Debrief.  "We have folks from all of these cultures who visit the conference and present, and despite the fact that these various communities don’t always agree on some topics. We’ve been able to avoid conflict," he added. Despite the odd topic, 16 out of 71 attendees at the November event were current or former NASA scientists and engineers, according to The Debrief, and 14 more were affiliated with reputable institutions including MIT and Harvard. The topic of UFOs apparently made a big splash at November's conference. The topic has made a significant pop-culture resurgence this year, with military pilots openly talking about encounters and the Pentagon teasing a long-awaited report on the matter that was ultimately released in June. "In the past, everyone had an awareness of UFOs, but they weren’t highly relevant because they aren’t well understood," Ventura told The Debrief, saying that the scientific community is exploring the topic more seriously than ever. Despite their best efforts, though, gravity remains undefeated — though it's probably good that a few researchers are finding time to entertain long-shot conversations about how that might change. READ MORE: Inside the World's Most Exclusive (and Strange) Anti-Gravity Club [The Debrief] More on anti-gravity: This “Anti-Gravity” Machine Could Take Humanity to the Stars Share This Article 
A new image shared by Chinese state-owned news agency CGTN shows astronaut Tang Hongbo relaxing on board the country's brand new space station — and the amenities are surprisingly luxurious. The photo shows Hongbo's sleeping quarters, a large section of the side of the Tianhe core module of China's brand new Tiangong space station. The astronaut appears to have stuck manuals, headphones, and photos of his family to the walls of his spacious bunk, and there's even a private window for him to watch the view outside. Overall, it looks like Hongbo gets a bed about the size of a twin mattress, along with tons of overhead space, and each crew member on the Tiangong station gets their own separate living quarters. That's actually a lot bigger than the cramped sleeping quarters on board the International Space Station, where astronauts have to squeeze into a space roughly the size of a phone booth. "When I was selected [to be an astronaut], they'd give us a test to see if we had claustrophobia," veteran NASA astronaut Scott Kelly, who spent 520 days in space, told Travel and Leisure earlier this year. "They make you crawl up into a ball in this thick rubber bag with a heavy zipper," he added. "They put a heart monitor on you, zip you up, then push you into a closet. And you wouldn't know how long you had to be in there." On board NASA's now-retired Space Shuttle, living quarters were even more cramped, forcing astronauts to "sleep kind of together, wherever," according to Kelly. The crew quarters on board the Tianhe module appear to be substantially bigger — though it's unclear just how big the other bunks are and if every crew member gets such treatment. It's also only the first module of much larger plans for the station. Even at full size, though, the station will still only be a fraction of the size of the ISS, featuring the Tianhe module for crew quarters and two additional modules for scientific experiments. Hongbo spent three months — the country's longest space mission — on board the station alongside two other crew members after launching in June. The team spent time setting up the station for future upgrades, including several hours-long spacewalks. The team successfully made their return journey last week, but China isn't losing any time. The country has already sent cargo supplies to the small module earlier this week with supplies for the next crew of three astronauts, who are scheduled to launch some time next month. It's an impressive — and breakneck — pace. China is hoping to finish constructing the three-module station by the end of next year. And it clearly spared no expense to make crew quarters as comfy as possible. READ MORE: What does the moon look like from China's space station? [CGTN] Share This Article 
Everyone knows that a mother's milk contains the essential components that help us grow from chubby babies into strong, healthy, intelligent adults. However, scientists have discovered that many of the same components in breast milk that help babies can also aid adults in a variety of ways. Research out of UC San Diego Health Services has found human milk fights immune disorders, viral and bacterial pathogens, and chronic inflammation. If you're ready to biohack your body with the help of human milk, you need to know about Trulacta, the world's first daily supplement made from 100-percent human milk. Trulacta is a revolutionary supplement that's made of 100-percent human milk. It's the first all-in-one natural supplement of its kind that boosts immunity, supports better sleep, and improves digestive health and overall mental well-being. With Trulacta you're consuming countless bionutrients in one revolutionary supplement. Trulacta is the only supplement that contains natural Human Milk Bionutrients or HMBs, which are naturally in tune with the body. How it works is easy. Just take two Trulacta capsules daily for optimal results. You can take them any time of day, with or without a meal. Plus, if you're looking to enhance your sleep routine, start by taking two capsules an hour before bed. You'll never feel more rested than you will be ending your day with Trulacta. Trulacta is the only supplement of its kind to contain 100-percent human milk - providing exceptional whole-body health that starts with good gut health. It's designed to help you obtain whole-body health just as nature intended. The natural HMBs in Trulacta offer vital protection for the whole body and mind. That way you feel better, sleep better and live better thanks to Trulacta. Trulacta is designed to help your body function better overall. This includes: Optimizing Digestion: The human milk in Trulacta protects the digestive system and optimizes nutrient absorption by helping good bacteria thrive. Improving Mental Health: The key to a better mood could be improved gut health. 100 million nerve cells support the communication of the gut and the brain, and because Trulacta optimizes gut health, it could help your mood too. Immune System Support: Trulacta's Human Milk Bionutrients (HMBs) include several forms of antibodies - referred to as immunoglobins. With about 70 percent of the immune system located in the walls of the gut, Trulacta optimizes digestive health, improving the immune system. Better Sleep: Human milk helps restore and maintain the body's natural circadian rhythms that regulate sleep - so you easily fall asleep and stay asleep. Reduced Inflammation: The extracellular vesicle components found in human milk control inflammation and regulate cell growth. Trulacta works with milk banks that thoroughly screen donors’ blood for pathogens, sexually transmitted diseases, drugs, and contagious illnesses. They screen donations through a 13-step, quality-control process. That process includes microbial testing, protein analysis, and toxicology screening. All donations also meet federal regulations for supplements. If a donation doesn't pass each test, it is rejected by the milk bank. Trulacta’s Innovative BioManufacturing Process kills any potentially harmful microbes and viruses while maintaining the integrity of HMBs that pasteurizing would otherwise remove. That allows the many healthy components in HMBs to survive. For the benefit of the body. All backed by science and thorough testing. Most importantly, Trulacta is 100-percent natural and 100-percent vegan. It's the only supplement of its kind that is derived from 100-percent human milk and contains natural HMBs. That's because it's made from the body and is for the body. All that and your purchase ships free! So what are you waiting for? Let Trulacta revolutionize what your daily supplement can you for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It feels like medical advancements bring new procedures and new treatments every day. That's mostly true. Unfortunately, improvements don't always come quite as quickly in every field of medical science. In fact, some technologies have remained virtually the same for literally decades. One of those fields still mired in some decidedly old technology is the practice of joint replacement surgeries. Currently, there are over 1 million procedures each year in the U.S. to surgically replace a hip or put in a new knee. That number is expected to grow to 3.5 million by 2030. And most of those surgeries are handled in much the same manner as when the procedure first started gaining traction in the 1970s. Consequently, all those years of hip and knee replacements have boosted the success rate of those surgeries, with about 90 percent now deemed successful. But are 90 percent of patients truly satisfied? While a new knee may technically work and be judged a success, many patients report varying levels of chronic pain connected to their procedure. About 36 percent of total knee arthroplasty (TKA) patients say they experienced enough pain and complications afterward that they wouldn't have undergone the surgery with the benefit of hindsight 10 years later. In another survey, 1 in 5 patients reported they weren't happy with the results of their replacement. According to experts, many of those complaints can be linked right back to the TKA process itself. Most surgeries are done using saws and jigs that prep the bone for generic implants that don't always fit like a glove. Surgeons of all experience levels usually eyeball proper placement and alignment, making a quick judgment call about whether that placement is correct. If they guess wrong, the patient could be dealing with years, even decades of everything from discomfort and soreness all the way up to significant chronic pain.  With so many displeased with the results of the half-century old method, Monogram Orthopedics is gaining some serious attention for its new joint replacement process. As the first company ready to market an active milling navigated robot arm with 3D-printed patient-optimized implants, Monogram is now seeking investors via SeedInvest to get more doctors and hospitals onboard with this advancement in joint replacement. The Monogram process brings 2021 technology to the old 20th century joint replacement procedure. Rather than basing this delicate operation on generic implants and estimates, Monogram's approach starts with a CT scan to customize the procedure to the individual patient. Their 3D-printed implants are smaller, more stable, and conserve more natural bone for a custom-fitted new knee that's designed to fit each patient. Crafted to the specific case, a Monogram implant generates up to 270 percent less micromotion than a generic implant, offering greater stability and less chance for pain from the new joint. The process is also handled by one of Monogram's robotic surgical arms, a navigated robot designed by a team of top surgeons and robotics experts. With an increased range of motion and ultra-precise calibrations, the implant can settle against the existing bone perfectly. That allows the bone to properly grow into the porous structure of the new knee and effectively bring the two together like tree roots into soil, all in a less invasive procedure. Meanwhile, studies conducted with UCLA and the University of Nebraska Medical Center found the Monogram process was about 7 times more stable than current knee replacement techniques. Already backed by more than $20 million in investment, Monogram is now opening up their rollout to bring on further Series B investment. They're targeting science-savvy investors who see the growth potential of more accurate, more efficient, better-performing knee replacement surgeries. And with the $20 billion a year joint replacement market continuing to rocket up, Monogram is also poised to take this procedure from knees to other joint replacement surgeries like hips, ankles, shoulders, and spines.  Right now, investors who back Monogram to the tune of $5,000 or more will also receive a 5 percent bonus on their investment, while anyone backing by at least $10,000 will earn a 10 percent increase to their stake.  This Reg A+ offering is made available through StartEngine Primary, LLC. This investment is speculative, illiquid, and involves a high degree of risk, including the possible loss of your entire investment. For more information about this offering, please view Monogram Orthopedics offering circular as well as the risks associated with this offering. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It can feel nearly impossible to stay on top of what we need to know in the world, so much so that even textbook writers have given up and made a machine do it instead. The Learn Smart Lifetime Subscription Bundle ft. 12min Micro Book Library & Apple AirPods Pro makes it a little easier by giving you both a huge library to explore and the tools to explore it with. This bundle is on sale for $279 (reg. $648). First, the books. The 12min Micro Book Library is a top-rated app, with 4.7 out of 5 stars in the App Store, built to make it easy to find the books you need to read. Text and audio summaries are developed to be concise while presenting the core points of the book, developed in collaboration with the authors. Send over 2,500 micro books to your Kindle, or listen as you commute, work out, and do chores in English, Spanish, and Portuguese, with 30 more books added to the library every month. Of course, you'll need something to listen with, and the AirPods Pro are among the best. You can create a private audio space with HDR sound and active noise cancellation, or turn on transparent mode when you need to hear the world around you. Adaptive EQ and a custom driver ensure that your playback is suited to the shape of your ear, offering superior sound. Using these highly sought after listening devices, you can tune into your audiobooks, favorite albums, and language lessons to help make life better while you're on the move. If listening to music and reading together is your thing, do not sleep on this sale. Get The Learn Smart Lifetime Subscription Bundle ft. 12min Micro Book Library & Apple AirPods Pro for $279 (reg. $648). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The four space tourists on board SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft had very little footage to share while on their three day journey circling the Earth last week. Apart from a brief, scheduled broadcast on Friday evening, we heard almost nothing from any of the four civilians — leaving us with plenty of questions, especially in the era of ubiquitous social media. The unusual silence from the crew led many to believe it was due to the private nature of the mission. Or was SpaceX's leadership interfering? Or did a toilet malfunction render the interior of the craft too horrifying for public consumption? "I’ve had several questions about why there are no photos of Inspiration4 after orbit," Ars Technica senior space reporter Eric Berger wrote in a tweet on Friday afternoon. "It’s a private mission, and their choice." Radio transmissions between SpaceX ground control and the crew were also not made publicly available, according to Spaceflight Now. But now, two days after the capsule returned safely back down to Earth, we may finally have an answer from the mission commander himself. "The actual answer is that we only had so many ground station passes to transmit video," commander and billionaire funder of the expedition Jared Isaacman wrote in a early Monday morning tweet, responding to Berger's original comment. The live video broadcast on Friday had to be relayed through the International Space Station. "NASA and other government users are going to get priority," he added. "I suspect a lot of footage will be released shortly. We had quite a few cameras on board." It's a rather unusual limitation to the mission, given the fact that SpaceX has sent over 1,600 Starlink broadband-beaming satellites into low-Earth orbit — and shows that even with near-infinite resources, space-Earth communication remains a tough nut to crack. Over the weekend, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk promised that there will be "free wifi next time," while also apologizing for pizza being served cold. "We’d use our Ka parabolics or laser links for Dragon," Musk explained, referring to the lasers Starlink satellites use to communicate with each other. "Starship or other spacecraft as soon as they got above cloud level." Internet access in space, needless to say, would probably do wonders for drumming up enthusiasm for more ultra-wealthy individuals to step forward and buy a ticket to space. As Isaacman promised, it's likely we will soon see a whole lot more pictures and videos recorded during the historic mission. But with internet having been commonplace since the 1990s, the lack of realtime footage still leaves something to be desired. With private space competitors planning their own communication satellite networks in Earth's orbit, it's not out of the question that space comm technologies could soon get a much-needed makeover — and the one-percenters vacationing in space will certainly appreciate it. READ MORE: Inspiration4 crew describes “incredible perspective” from space [Spaceflight Now] More on the flight: SpaceX Tourists Struggled With Space Toilet Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk is calling for at least "some amount of cooperation" between NASA and China — despite legislation that restricts NASA from using any federal funds to engage with the Chinese government. The Wolf Amendment, passed by Congress in 2011, severely restricts any bilateral cooperation with the Chinese government — an effort to put a stop to espionage, effectively painting China as an adversary in space. "The Chinese civilian space program is, in reality, their military space program," NASA administrator Bill Nelson told Scientific American this summer. "That’s why I think we are going into a space race with China." China made massive strides in space in recent years, launching the first core module of its Tiangong space station and sending a crew of three astronauts there. The country even successfully returned a sample of Moon rocks to Earth last year, becoming the first country to do so since 1976, as well as landing a functional Mars rover early this past spring. Those accomplishments have clearly caught Musk's attention. The CEO's goal has long been to make humanity multiplanetary, which he's tackling head-on with his space company, SpaceX. But NASA, an important source of funds for rocket development, has its hands tied when it comes to cooperating with China. It's unclear to what exactly Musk meant with "some amount of cooperation," and it's unclear what role China should play in his view. But unlike Congress, Musk has had a much more positive relationship with China, especially when it comes to his car company Tesla, which has made substantial moves to expand its footprint in the country. There's certainly an argument that, given China's advancements in space, sharing knowledge could benefit both the country's space agency and SpaceX. With NASA mulling plans to eventually dismantle and destroy the International Space Station, China is racing ahead to establish its own orbital outpost. That means the country will soon have a permanent presence in space while NASA may no longer have one. And, of course, launching cargo and astronauts to the ISS is a major revenue source for SpaceX. In reality, political disagreements will likely get in the way of any cooperation moving forward. China-US relations have deteriorated, especially during Donald Trump's presidency. Two world powers are each working on their own plans to populate outer space. Whether they will find common ground, and where that leaves SpaceX, is anybody's guess. "I think we’re going to see a mixture of cooperation and competition, probably between two blocs: one led by the US and one led by China," John Logsdon, a professor at George Washington University, told Scientific American. "After all, it was [US versus Soviet] competition that got us to the Moon," he added. "There is competition between the US and China for global leadership." READ MORE: Can the U.S. and China Cooperate in Space? [Scientific American] More on Elon Musk: Tesla Owners Furious That Elon Musk Keeps Pushing Back Full Self-Driving Share This Article 
Back in the olden days, when you gave your kids educational toys that fostered literacy of science and engineering, you were giving them a leg up in life. Everybody thought kids who sat around writing computer programs and building robots were on the fast track to MIT. But that’s not the case anymore. Today every kid is supposed to have a working understanding of coding and computer engineering. STEM is part of standard elementary curriculums all across the country. Now parents worry that their kids are falling behind if they haven’t developed their own apps by the time they’re in middle school. Luckily, teaching your kids coding, science, and technology is easier than ever thanks to mBot build-your-own robot kits from Makeblock. Why do kids need to learn coding and engineering? Because computer technology dominates just about every aspect of our daily lives. We are completely surrounded by and dependent on it. If we want them to understand and navigate this world, coding literacy is absolutely essential. Studies have also shown that STEM education instills a number of life skills and educational habits, including problem solving, creativity, empathy, and resilience. And those are valuable regardless of the role technology plays in our lives. The good news is that science, technology, and engineering can be fun and exciting, so it’s pretty easy to trick your kids into learning the stuff that’s good for them. All you need are the right tools. And the folks at Makeblock have the right tools. Makeblock was launched in 2013 with the goal of helping kids prepare for the digital age and learn STEM through play. Since then they’ve developed a number of amazing building and coding products and surpassed 16 million users on their mBlock coding platform. If you’re looking for a cool educational toy that can teach your kids (or yourself) how to code, you need to check out the two Makeblock build-your-own robot kits below. For total beginners, there’s no better way to jump into coding and engineering than the mBot STEM Education Coding Robot Kit. After building your robot according to easy-to-follow instructions, you will learn to code using Makeblock’s online tutorials and mBlockly, a graphical programming app based on Scratch 2.0, the world’s most popular beginner programming language. Then, using the included sensor modules, you can teach your robot skills, like following complex line formations and avoiding obstacles in its path, or you can engage in imaginative play using your smartphone or tablet as a remote control. Want to get more out of your mBot after you’ve mastered the basics? There are a number of different ad-on packs that let you expand your mBot’s capabilities by adding lights, speakers, arms, and various other modules and components. There’s also a Bluetooth expansion kit that lets you go completely wireless. The best part about the mBot STEM Education Kids Coding Robot Kit is that it is incredibly affordable, starting at less than $80. Click here to order. Need something for kids (or adults) who already have some coding experience? Then you need to check out the more advanced mBot Ranger 3-in-1 Kids Coding Robot Kit. As the name implies, this kit features a robot that transforms into three different vehicles: a robot tank, a self-balancing robot, and a race car. With a powerful Arduino Mega 2560 CPU and 6 different types of sensors, including light sensors, a gyroscope, and a temperature sensor, the mBot Ranger can do almost anything your imagination cooks up, whether you control it with the MakeBlock app or program functions using Scratch 2.0 or Arduino C. With its rugged all-terrain construction, the mBot Ranger is perfect for kids who like to take their imagination adventures outdoors. And when you’ve done all you can do with the basic kit, ad-on packs with additional modules are available so you can expand mBot Ranger’s capabilities even more. Still, as with the more basic mBot STEM Education Coding Robot Kit, the best part about the mBot Ranger 3-in-1 Kids Coding Robot Kit might be the price. With this kit, you’re getting three different robot configurations for less than $140. Click here to order and kickstart your child’s STEM education TODAY. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Many companies are rethinking the need for office space after seeing the power of remote work in action. This change in the workplace is even affecting energy consumption, in a positive way. Advancements in technology have made working remotely easier and more environmentally friendly than ever. Unfortunately, the wider your world becomes, the more complicated it can grow. Managing and paying employees and contractors, especially when they’re scattered across the globe, is tricky business. Using Remote, however, can turn a big challenge into an easy win. Remote’s global all-in-one platform removes headaches by consolidating and streamlining the entire HR process for businesses of any size. It allows users to stay ahead of the competition by completely simplifying the tasks of managing payroll, benefits, taxes, and local law compliance for international workers. While authorities around the world constantly update their tax requirements, labor laws, and other regulations, Remote eliminates the need for managers and human resources departments to become experts in every country. Employees and contractors also appreciate how comprehensive and convenient the experience is compared with other services. Both onboarding and offboarding, Remote allows you to give your employees the care and consideration they deserve. From salary simulations and data collection to digital contracts, you’ll be able to onboard overseas employees without ever leaving your browser. A seamless transition guides new employees and contractors with Remote’s self-serve onboarding tools. In fact, the entire platform is totally self-serve, with everything accessible in one place. Recognized as the Top Global Payroll Software for 2021 by Select Software Review, they love how this “robust and modern platform” is for, “as their name suggests, remote-first teams.” Human Resources at Paystack appreciate how Remote removed the fine details and complexities of taxes, permits, and benefits across multiple geographies, so they “can focus on scaling quickly.” With its global infrastructure, Remote is able to offer stellar service and protection by actually owning local legal entities in their covered countries. This means Remote’s in-country teams of labor law experts are there to help you mitigate local compliance risks of hiring international employees and contractors. Remote’s IP-Guard offers powerful protection of your intellectual property, ensuring you always retain full ownership and invention rights. With a rigorous internal security process including restricted and audited platform access, and regular vulnerability audits, Remote uses advanced measures to protect sensitive data from threats. While your remote employees and contractors are scattered across the globe, the legal and operational complexities of simultaneously dealing with multiple countries are reduced to just one simple invoice. It really doesn’t matter where in the world you hire. It also doesn’t matter if you hire just one or 100 employees, for a month or for a lifetime. Remote has no minimum employee counts or contracts. With accessible, flat, and flexible pricing, users of Remote are charged just one low price. A transparent price without any hidden fees. And for a limited-time, readers of Futurism can get 50% off Remote’s global employment solution costs on your first employee for the first three months. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Machine learning is already making our lives better, whether that's by spotting cancer or by making fun of billionaires. Yet it's still an intimidating topic, even for experienced coders. The Premium Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Super Bundle breaks down how to make anybody a master of AI. Valued at $2,388, it's on sale now for just $36.99. Each course in this 79-hour bundle is taught by people who work with data and machine learning tools every day, from Minerva Singh, a Ph.D. using big data tools for tropical ecology work, to Juan Galvan, an entrepreneur who incorporates machine learning into his businesses. Lectures are built as code-along training drawn from real world scenarios. You'll learn the theory behind each approach and then put it into action with practical ideas. You'll also find out how everyday coders handle problems in the workplace, to make you a more efficient programmer. If you're just starting in coding, the bundle opens with a complete instruction course on Python, with a focus on data science. Then, you'll move into applying those lessons to machine learning tasks, exploring back-end uses of machine learning and building an image-identification system from scratch. As you become more fluent, you can move into lessons on data visualization and analysis, and frameworks such as Keras and Tensorflow. Knowing how to use these packages of code effectively will improve your projects while freeing up time for more complex code. Once you're set with Python, there are several courses to explore in R, one of the most popular languages for data science. You'll learn how R works, how it's used for machine learning, and use the H20 framework to develop machine learning tools. Finally, if you're looking to make machine learning a career, there's a complete course to prepare you for developer certification exams. Get The Premium Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Super Bundle for $36.99 (reg. $2,388). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We love dogs so much, and we're teaching computers to tell them what good puppers they are. Yet life as a dog parent is more than snuggles, and we all want our pooches to have a better life. This DNA My Dog NextGen: Canine Breed Identification & Genetic Age Test + 7 Dog Training Courses bundle will help you learn about your dog's background, and how to give them a better life in the here and now. It's on sale now for just $77 (reg. $1,499). First, the DNA My Dog test tells you about your dog's background. All you need to do is perform a simple cheek swab and mail it out for testing. The DNA My Dog team begins determining the dog's biological age, giving you an idea of their future health, and breaks out the breeds that created your unique fuzzy friend. Next, you can explore 7 courses from dog expert Sharon Bolt. Bolt has been a dog trainer and expert for more than a decade, answering training questions and explaining the latest in dog training on radio, TV, and print. Her expert guidance has helped Bolt earn a 4/5 star instructor rating. Drawing on both her experience as a trainer and a friend of dogs, Bolt discusses proper diet, managing fear and aggression, and curbing bad habits. If you're considering getting a puppy, she has a full course exploring raising them from A to Z, and if you're curious about making dog training a career, another course details what you need to know. Whether you've got a loyal friend or are looking to get one, it's an ideal bundle for dog owners. Get the DNA My Dog NextGen: Canine Breed Identification & Genetic Age Test + 7 Dog Training Courses bundle for $77 (reg. $1,499). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In 2020, we were looking for answers in the form of relief, and the number of people who turned to CBD proves it. A survey done by Statista found that 29-percent of consumers who already use CBD and 28-percent of new users reported increasing their CBD consumption as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, if you're looking for the best possible CBD to help you manage a variety of ailments including pain relief, anxiety, and insomnia, you need to know about Mello Sea Salted CBD Caramels. They're the best-tasting, guilt-free way to combine CBD and tasty treats. Remember the caramels your grandma used to keep in a dish at her house? OK, now imagine if they were 20 times cooler. Meet Mello Sea Salted CBD Caramels. They're here to revolutionize how you enjoy your sweets and CBD. These individually wrapped caramels provide 15mg of active CBD in each piece, allowing you to get your daily dose in the sweetest way possible. Or double up, nobody's judging! When CBD is as delicious and effective as Mello Sea Salted CBD Caramels you really can’t help but take more than one. Oh, Mello is also non-GMO, kosher, gluten-free, and all-natural? Making these CBD Caramels a no-guilt product. We can’t promise your grandma will approve of you replacing her old candies with Mello Sea Salted CBD Caramels, but hey, all you can do is offer her one and change her life for the better. Mello Sea Salted CBD Caramels are a salty and sweet way to take your CBD! These caramels are designed to relieve pain, reduce stress & anxiety, lift your mood, get you in the mood and even cure your insomnia. Inside each box of Mello Sea Salted CBD Caramels, you'll receive 20 individually wrapped caramels that are 300mg of CBD in total. Individually, each caramel contains 15mg of pure CBD with less than 0.3-percent THC, which is sourced in Colorado and made in New York. When it comes to CBD full spectrum, broad-spectrum, and isolate are all beneficial for your health, but Mello prefers to use full-spectrum CBD in their Sea Salted CBD Caramels, as it contains all the beneficial cannabinoids including THC, CBD, CBG, terpenes, and other nutrients. Broad-spectrum is the full flower, minus the THC, and isolate is CBD only. Mello wants you to experience a more chill life. They believe Cannabinoids are natural, healthy, and useful. So they've made it their mission to nurture healthy, centered, pain~free living for all. With all Mello products, you're getting the highest strength dosage to ensure you enjoy all of the benefits — and get the most value for your money. Mellow only offers products they love like Mello Sea Salted CBD Caramels. They've taken the time to research, sample, and test all components of their caramels so you'll be as satisfied as you are mellow. Most importantly, Mello's working to remove the stigma around cannabis. That's why 10-percent of all sales will be donated to @lastprisonerproject - a nonprofit that's goal is to set all Cannabis prisoners free. So say yes to improving your life with Mello Sea Salted CBD Caramels. You deserve it. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
Loneliness comes for us all eventually. Fortunately, we’re living in an era during which incredible technological strides are being made in our ability to combat this universal menace. In fact, VR Sex is no longer confined to the realm of science fiction. It's science fact. Take, for instance, the Virtual Mate, the world’s first totally immersive virtual intimacy system that has cracked the code of artificial companionship once and for all. The Virtual Mate process begins by way of constructing your virtual companion itself. Rather than using a generic model, a realistic 2D virtual partner can be based on any person or any 2D fictional character’s appearance, provided that proper copyright clearance can be secured. On the Virtual Mate website, users vote on their favorite actresses and fictional characters, and when the votes come in, the VM people begin their process of securing the necessary legal permits to make that Virtual Mate a virtual reality. The Virtual Mate is more than just a VR experience. Its killer app comes in the form of its interactive hardware Core, a male sex toy which combines high-sensitivity sensors with real-time Bluetooth connectivity and real-time responses (a toy engineered for females is said to be in development). Between the VR Virtual Mate and the Virtual Mate Core, you have a cutting edge and immersive VR girlfriend experience the likes of which have never been seen -- or felt -- before. Virtual Mate’s ambition is no less than a blurring of the line between reality and fantasy itself. They promise that after your first encounter, you’ll lose sight of what’s real and what’s not, but in a cool and fun way. The Virtual Mate is fully interactive and responsive, and results in an experience of the utmost authenticity. The combination of the Virtual Mate and the Virtual Mate Core is a startlingly lifelike vr sex companion that responds to what you do in real time. And with Virtual Mate’s multiple different play modes, you can play your way, whether you prefer Fast Mode, Story Mode, or the full VR Mode. Virtual Mate represents an unbelievable technological breakthrough in the field of virtual companionship and VR sex. Two years of research and development has led to the world's first human-computer interaction interface. The Virtual Mate Core’s micro-intelligent, real-time sensors collect your motion data, which is passed onto your Virtual Mate via Bluetooth, and in turn allows her to perceive your depth, speed, and strength, and respond in awe-inspiring real-time. But in order for the Virtual Mate to inspire awe in you, you have to give it a try for yourself. Despite its cutting edge tech, Virtual Mate can run on most standard computers, tablets, VR headsets, and smartphones. And with new content and upgrades being added all the time, Virtual Mate is like a movie or game that never ends. You can order your own Virtual Mate Game and Core from the Virtual Mate online store now, where you can also read up on all the details and get your questions answered. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Medications are supposed to improve your health and quality of life. Unfortunately, a lot of them affect your body’s ability to absorb, distribute, and metabolize certain nutrients, which can lead to unpleasant side effects. And these side effects are the reason an estimated 30-to-50 percent of people stop taking their medications within the first year. Luckily, there is a way to help fix this biochemical imbalance with nutritional supplements. And a company called Even has created a first-of-its-kind nutrient repletion system that is scientifically formulated to help reduce the side effects associated with certain medications so you can actually experience their full benefit. The idea that medications cause nutrient deficiencies is not a theory. The phenomenon is a scientific fact backed up by hundreds of studies, and it has a name: medication-induced nutrient depletion, or M.I.N.D. for short. Though most people don’t realize it, the M.I.N.D. problem is actually very common. Seventy percent of Americans take some sort of medication on a regular basis, and the top 10 most common prescriptions have been shown to cause 34 nutrient depletions and 85 common side effects. Clearly, this is a problem that needs solving. That’s why Even was created. Even’s team of physicians, nutritionists, and pharmacists uses clinical data to create nutrient formulas designed to complement specific types of medication. Right now they offer three different formulas to support three of the most common types of medications: antidepressants, statins, and birth control. Reuptake inhibitors are incredibly useful tools for treating things like depression, anxiety, OCD, social phobia, and ADHD. That’s why they are some of the most commonly prescribed medications in the world. Unfortunately, these medications also come with side effects like drowsiness, fatigue, headaches, nausea, insomnia, low labido, and sexual dysfunction. And sometimes people don’t feel the costs outweigh the benefits. That’s where Even for Antidepressants comes in. It is formulated to help alleviate the side effects associated with reuptake inhibitors by replacing the 16 nutrients these drugs are known to deplete, restoring biochemical balance so you feel more like yourself. Click here to learn more. Statins are a class of drugs that lower the levels of cholesterol in the body by blocking the enzyme in the liver that is responsible for making it. They are prescribed for people at risk for the buildup of plaque on artery walls, which can lead to blood clots, angina, heart attacks, and strokes. So these are extremely important medications. However, some patients give up on them because they cause side effects like headaches, muscle pain, GI distress, and brain fog, just to name a few. Even is formulated to alleviate the side effects of statins that result from nutrient depletion. It contains zinc, selenium, and vitamin D to combat tissue inflammation; vitamin K2 to restore calcium in vascular and muscle tissue; and CoQ10, sulforaphane, resveratrol, and B vitamins to improve cellular energy. Click here to learn more. Safe and reliable contraception medications are one of the most important scientific innovations of the 20th century. However, despite all our advances, most contraception medications still come with unpleasant side effects like mood swings, fatigue, headaches, and low libido. Luckily, Even for Birth Control can help. It is formulated to manage nutrient depletions associated with all forms of hormonal birth control, including the pill, implants, patches, rings, shots, and IUDs. It contains glucoraphanin, vitamin C, vitamin E, and selenium to modulate cellular stress and inflammation; calcium-D-glucarate, magnesium, thiamin, and riboflavin to support hormonal metabolism and optimize estrogen-testosterone ratios; and B6, B12, folate, and zinc to help balance mood. Click here to learn more. If you take antidepressants, statins, or birth control and are struggling with side effects, the problem could very well be medication-induced nutrient depletion. But now, at long last, you don’t have to just sit there and suffer through it. Talk to your doctor today and see what nutritional supplements from Even can do for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Microscopes have advanced a long way from biology class. There are now microscopes so powerful they can watch atoms vibrate, and that advancement means what used to be an exclusively scientific instrument is now available to makers, engineers, and anybody who wants to get up close. This 7" HD Digital USB Microscope lets you get a good look, and you won't even have to squint in an eyepiece. Valued at $299, it's on sale for just $203.95. If your memories are of focusing eyepieces and then a lens, no longer. This microscope comes with a 7" IPS screen to ease eyestrain and offer large, detailed images to let you focus on what you're doing. Solder circuits, apply paint and glue to projects, and more with 1080p video and an easy-to-view screen. And for science projects and record-keeping, you can simply connect to a Mac or Windows computer to shoot video and capture high resolution imagery. You can create instructional video and share field observations with just a laptop and a cord. It also charges from USB and weighs only 3.09 pounds, so it can come with you out in the field. In addition to the new technology, it's also got the fundamentals. The front and rear zoom are carefully calibrated so you can lock them in and begin observing. For lighting, you've got 10 bright LEDs and one super-bright, with fully adjustable dimming to bring out detail without blowing out your image. And with a focus range of 0 to 55mm and working height of 0 to 60mm, you'll be able to get in and look closely. It's a perfect gift for hobbyists, makers, budding scientists, and for field work where you need more than just a lens clipped over your iPhone. Get a 7" HD Digital USB Microscope for $203.95 (reg. $299.99). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
SpaceX has successfully launched the its first all-civilian crew into orbit on board its Crew Dragon spacecraft. The Falcon 9 rocket took off from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida at 8:02 pm EDT. It's a major milestone in the history of private spaceflight. None of the four passengers went through NASA's rigorous astronaut training, and now they'll spend the next three days watching the Earth below through a massive 180-degree glass dome, totaling over 2,000 square inches of viewing area, according to SpaceX. LAUNCH! SpaceX Falcon 9 B1062 launches from KSC 39A with Crew Dragon Resilience and Inspiration4 - the first all-private crew launch to orbit. Overview:https://t.co/trITg32W9R NSF St. Jude Fundraiser Livestream:https://t.co/aWuYl7gasa pic.twitter.com/95YxH8ujDS — Chris Bergin - NSF (@NASASpaceflight) September 16, 2021  The Inspiration4 launch was funded by billionaire adventurer Jared Isaacman. The rest of the team is made up of: • Hayley Arceneaux, a 29-year-old bone cancer survivor and physician's assistant. • Chris Sembroski, an aeronautical engineer, Air Force veteran, and former Space Camp counselor. • Sian Proctor, science communication specialist and community college professor from Tempe, Arizona. The plan is to accelerate to an altitude of over 350 miles, well above the altitude of the International Space Station. The team will spend their time in orbit gazing down at the surface of Earth, eating astronaut food, and even watching their favorite movies. It's the highest altitude human astronauts have traveled since the last Hubble Space Telescope servicing mission in 2009. The team will also be collecting valuable biomedical data, including taking blood samples, while traveling through space. The team will even use an AI-powered ultrasound device called Butterfly IQ+ to scan their organs. The Falcon 9 first stage that carried the crew into space dubbed B1062 has actually boosted spacecraft into orbit twice before. The Crew Dragon Resilience spacecraft housing the crew has also carried a previous crew to the International Space Station in November. We're excited to follow the historic launch and there will certainly be plenty more to cover, so stay tuned. READ MORE: Inspiration4 | Launch [YouTube] More on the launch: How to Watch SpaceX's Historic All-Civilian Space Launch Tonight Share This Article 
Almost everyone who’s ridden an electric bike says the same thing: you have to try it for yourself to see what it’s like. Since the eBike trend is really starting to take off, there are more and more options out there for you to choose from, all with their own distinct advantages and disadvantages. But if you’re looking for an eBike that’s simple to operate and maintain, the Hiboy P10 Folding Electric Bike is perfect for you. The Hiboy P10 Folding Electric Bike is Hiboy’s first eBik,e and remains one of the jewels of the Hiboy brand. If you’ve never used an eBike, the P10 puts a high priority on simplicity and low maintenance. There are no gears or clutches to operate -- all you have to do is pull the throttle and hang on as you reach a top speed of 15.5 miles per hour (which takes only four seconds to reach, by the way). Is the Hiboy P10 Folding Electric Bike right for your eBike needs? Here are some pertinent features that might help you make the call: The Hiboy P10 Folding Electric Bike’s respectable distance range and speed makes it a perfect vehicle for short to moderate daily commutes, and it’s a whole lot easier and cheaper to maintain than a car. But its folding design also means you can store it easily in your trunk if need be -- a great way to save space, time, and hassle. Large 12-inch rubber tires make rides on the Hiboy P10 Folding Electric Bike steady, smooth, and comfortable over uneven terrain, while the bike’s large area head and tail lights make for safe rides in the dark. Then there are the Hiboy P10 Folding Electric Bike’s double disc brakes in the front and rear, which make braking safer, more reliable, and more accurate. New upgraded P10’s also boast a more comfortable seat than previous models, thicker with more padding for a more comfortable ride, even when things are getting a little bumpy. And the P10’s powerful rear-drive motor lends additional power and speed while climbing. Last but not least, the Hiboy P10 Folding Electric Bike comes with an array of compatible accessories to improve your rides even more. Helmets and other protective gear as well as Hiboy brand stickers and other odds and ends are available now from the Hiboy online store. Most importantly, the Hiboy P10 Folding Electric Bike itself can be yours for a discounted price of $439 from the Hiboy online store here. So whether you’re trying an eBike for the first time or looking to upgrade or streamline your current wheels, now’s a great time to make the P10 your daily commute’s secret weapon. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists at the University of Manchester have come up with a macabre new way to turn Martian soil into a stronger material for the construction of future colonies on the Red Planet. Specifically, they suggest mixing human blood, urine, sweat or even tears with Moon or Mars dust to form a glue that can be used to build — or 3D print — entire buildings. In other words, they say we could use the the literal blood, sweat, and tears of astronauts to construct their new homes on a distant world. It's a creative approach to in-situ resource utilization that could allow future Martian settlers to skip the costly process of sending building materials all the way from home. "Scientists have been trying to develop viable technologies to produce concrete-like materials on the surface of Mars, but we never stopped to think that the answer might be inside us all along," said Aled Roberts, from the University of Manchester, in a statement about the research. It's not the first creative idea for building future off-world shelters. Other researchers have proposed we could use insect polymers, human urine, or even mushrooms. As detailed in a new paper published in the journal Materials Today Bio, the Manchester team suggests using a special protein found in human blood as an "in vivo binder" to create a kind of Martian soil concrete. Urea, a nitrogenous product extracted from urine, could then strengthen the material even further. Using animal blood as a binding agent for mortar actually has its roots in medieval technology, due to a bonding mechanism caused by blood proteins denaturing. "The concept is literally blood-curdling," Roberts quipped in the statement. The researchers suggest that the resulting material, dubbed AstroCrete, could be 3D-printed on site, which opens up "an interesting potential avenue for extraterrestrial construction using human-derived feedstocks," as they write in their paper. In fact, the team shows that AstroCrete could have as much compressive strength as ordinary concrete. And with urea, the pee extra, the compressive strength could rise by over 300 percent, according to the team. The team's calculations suggest that six astronauts could generate over 1,100 pounds of the stuff over a two-year mission, potentially expanding available housing by one additional crew member each mission. The idea of using astronauts' bodies to construct shelter has an almost poetic ring to it. Besides, future spacefarers will already be putting everything on the line to travel to Mars and eventually turn our species interplanetary. After all that, what's a little extra blood, sweat, and tears? READ MORE: Affordable housing in outer space: Scientists develop cosmic concrete from space dust and astronaut blood More on Martian colonies: Scientists: We Could Build Mars Shelters Out of Insect Polymers and Martian Soil Share This Article 
While vaccines are widely available and highly effective, social distancing is still the smart and safe choice at the moment. If you're looking to make your time at home a little more productive, you can save an extra 20% off the Social Distancing Lifetime Subscription Bundle Ft. Rosetta Stone with the coupon ROSETTA20, plus you get $30 in credit to use in our store! Here's what you get to expand your horizons. Rosetta Stone has been one of the most effective ways to learn new languages ever since being founded in 1992. Each course starts with simple matching lessons to help you understand grammar and vocabulary and moves into interactive lessons using voice recognition to improve pronunciation and refine your conversational skills. You'll learn to converse, read, and write in up to 24 different languages, exploring the world from your couch. 12min Micro Books gives you a detailed synopsis of thousands of books in either eBook or audiobook formats. Working with the authors and editors, each summary is carefully designed to draw out the main points and give you a working knowledge of the book's topic. And each month, another 30 titles are added to 12min's library, making it simple to figure out which books you should pick up when you next visit. A virtual private network (VPN) guards your privacy by directing all your traffic through an encrypted server. You connect to the VPN, not the website directly, preventing even your internet service provider from tracking you. KeepSolid builds on that foundation with a variety of tested and secure VPN protocols, 256-bit encryption, zero logging, and for emergencies, a kill switch to cut off access. And with both 24/7 customer support and unlimited bandwidth and download speeds, you can log on with confidence. Get the Social Distancing Lifetime Subscription Bundle Ft. Rosetta Stone for $159.20 (reg. $844) with the coupon ROSETTA20. And you'll get $30 in store credit to pick up more courses, book bundles, and other cool stuff. Prices subject to change Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's no secret that Russia's space agency head Dmitry Rogozin is a bit of a character. From offering SpaceX CEO Elon Musk a cup of tea earlier this month to calling Venus a "Russian planet," or likening the country's Soyuz rocket to a Kalashnikov, Rogozin isn't afraid to speak his mind. Today, Rogozin is back at it — and this time, he stirred the pot by calling mild-mannered Ars Technica senior space reporter Eric Berger a war criminal. Yes, seriously. Here's what went down. First, Berger wrote a story speculating about why Rogozin might be so persistent in his requests for Musk to visit him at home. The space chief invited Musk to his home "to be a guest of my family," according to an extremely rare CNN interview on September 7, to discuss anything from "exploring the universe" to "extraterrestrial life." In short, Berger argued in his piece that the space chief desperately wants Russia's plans to shoot a movie on board the International Space Station to be a success. Rogozin wants Musk to "attract the glitz and attention Rogozin so desperately craves as he seeks to craft an image of the Russian space program that is more Hollywood than Potemkin village," Berger wrote. Besides, Berger notes that Russian operatives have poisoned at least one of their adversaries using tea before — making his offer to Musk all the more ominous. So grab the popcorn, because the tweets got pretty spicy. "Only a poisoned soul can be worse than polonium," Rogozin shot back at Berger, referring to a substance infamously used to poison Alexander Litvinenko, a former KGB officer who fled to the UK in 2000. Was that a threat? Rogozin doesn't seem to think so. "First learn English, then you will be clever," Rogozin replied in Russian to a Twitter user who pointed out that a government official may have just aimed a direct threat at a US journalist. Even more strangely, Rogozin also tweeted that "it is strange that no sanctions were imposed against you for your invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq and the destruction of Libya," after Berger pointed out Rogozin wasn't able to travel to meet Musk at SpaceX's facilities in Texas due to US sanctions over the Russian invasion of Crimea. In other words, Rogozin appears to have accused an American journalist of invading Afghanistan and Iraq. Needless to say, we're not aware of Berger ever having invaded either country. "Propaganda journalists bear no less responsibility than politicians," Rogozin shot back after another Twitter user pointed out that high ranking Russian government officials may be more responsible for invading foreign countries than mere journalists. "He writes not about space technology, but about space politics," a fuming Rogozin wrote in Russian. "Read his articles. Typical American propagandist." The space community reacted with bemusement and mild alarm. "Nothing to see here, just very normal tweets from the head of the Russian space agency," freelance space journalist Jonathan O'Callaghan chimed in. To be clear, making thinly veiled threats at journalists is a serious matter. With accusations flying on Twitter, it's hard to comprehend why a man of Rogozin's rank would wade into the debate. One thing's for sure: watching these disputes unfurl on the platform is entertaining as hell. When asked whether Berger is on Rogozin's reading list, the official replied: "not anymore." READ MORE: Here’s why Russia’s space chief keeps asking Elon Musk to visit him [Ars Technica] Share This Article 
In June, San Francisco-based startup Orbit Fab launched a prototype refueling station into Earth's orbit — but rather than allowing astronauts to venture into deep space, this system is meant to give old satellites a new lease on life. That's a compelling idea, and now the company has locked down $10 million in funding to further it. Our planet's orbit is getting cluttered with old and new satellites, increasing the risks of a collision and adding to an existing space junk problem. Orbit Fab's Tenzing Tanker-001, an early prototype satellite fuel tanker, launched into orbit as part of SpaceX's Transporter-2 rideshare mission on June 30. The small assembly is designed to test key elements of the company's rendezvous and docking system, and to ensure that it can adjust its own orbit. The microwave-sized machine is now in a Sun-synchronous orbit, which is where most imaging and weather satellites circle the Earth. "We’re building the world’s first operational satellite fuel depot," Orbit Fab CEO Daniel Faber told SpaceNews last year. "This helps us solve the chicken and egg problem. No one is buying fuel in orbit because no one is selling it. We built an egg." The tanker is an early tech demo meant to prove flight worthiness, but isn't designed to actually refuel satellites just yet. "We are putting inventory into orbit as a demonstration and a signal of our commitment to take different fuels to different orbits," Faber added. Tenzing Tanker-001 was sent up with Orbit Fab's Rapidly Attachable Fluid Transfer Interface (RAFTI), a docking system allowing the tanker to meet up with satellites and refuel them. The idea of refueling satellites while in orbit isn't that far-fetched — though in spite of some progress, actual refueling has yet to be demonstrated. The news comes after Northrop Grumman's "Mission Extension Vehicle-1" (MEV-1) docked with a 18 year old communications satellite in February 2020 — the first time a commercial spacecraft has docked to an orbiting satellite. Six months later, MEV-2, the spacecraft's successor, launched atop an Ariane 5 rocket from the Guiana Space Center. In fact, Northrop Grumman seems to have been impressed by Orbit Fab's technology demonstration. Last week, the startup announced a $10 million round of funding from both Northrop Grumman and aerospace corporation Lockheed Martin. There's real momentum in companies trying to come up with ways to service and upgrade existing satellites in space. After all, servicing constellations could end up being a lot cheaper than launching satellites from Earth. And upgrading them could mean we'd end up with fewer pieces of space junk cluttering Earth's orbit. READ MORE: There's now a gas station in space [Universe Today] More on refueling satellites: Northrop Grumman Launches Second Satellite Rescue Mission Share This Article 
There are a lot of products out there that promise to improve your sex life. Unfortunately, most of them don’t improve diddly squat. They are just shameless attempts to cash in on male insecurities. That being said, not all sexual wellness products are useless. Some of them—usually the ones designed by actual experts using science and data—really do work. And one of them is the MYHIXEL MED, a revolutionary system designed to help you last longer in bed. According to the American Urological Association, premature ejaculation (PE) is the most common type of sexual dysfunction in men, with somewhere between 30-to-40 percent of them experiencing it at some point in their lives. However, statistics like this can be misleading because they typically rely on highly subjective self-assessments. One man may last two minutes and be totally content. Another may last 20 and wish he could go longer. What it really comes down to are the individual’s feelings of satisfaction and control. That’s why the American Urological Association simply defines “premature ejaculation” as any time a man reaches climax sooner than desired. And when you frame the issue that way, you see it’s really something that all couples deal with. So how do you go about maximizing control and satisfaction during intercourse? Well, there certainly is no shortage of sketchy solutions at your local sex shop, and you can most likely find one or two at your local drug store. However, if you’re into gadgets, science, and cutting edge technology, you really need to take a look at the MYHIXEL MED system. MYHIXEL MED is a cognitive behavioral treatment program that uses the MYHIXEL Play app and the MYHIXEL I “advanced pleasure device” to help you learn to control ejaculation. Or to put it in layman’s terms, it’s a smart sex toy that trains dudes to do sex better. The MYHIXEL I is registered as a medical product by the FDA. It uses the latest medical advancements and high-tech materials to simulate real penetration. It features a therapeutic vibration system designed to enhance ejaculatory control and an anatomically correct interior with self-heating mode to replicate body temperature. When used in conjunction with the MYHIXEL Play app, which features therapy exercises made up of challenges that continually adapt as you progress, the MYHIXEL I will help you learn to control both the physical and mental aspects of your climax. The MYHIXEL I and MYHIXEL Play app were developed by sexologists and other medical experts to help you take their sex life to the next level. Every purchase of the MYHIXEL MED system comes with a free consultation with that same team of experts, who will answer any questions you have about the MYHIXEL system, or male sexual health in general. Of course, the million dollar question is, does the MYHIXEL MED really work? Well, in trials the MYHIXEL MED system has been shown to help men last three to seven times longer before ejaculating during sexual intercourse. So if you want to last longer in bed, click here to order your MYHIXEL MED today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Members of Congress have put forward a bill that would give electric vehicle companies with unionized workers a tax incentive. That means many automakers in the US, including Ford, would benefit — but not Tesla, since its workers aren't unionized. And that has Tesla CEO Elon Musk incensed. "This is written by Ford/[United Auto Workers] lobbyists, as they make their electric car in Mexico," Musk tweeted on Sunday. "Not obvious how this serves American taxpayers." Musk's anti-union stance shouldn't come as a surprise to anybody. Earlier this year, The National Labor Relations Board found that Tesla violated labor laws when it fired a union activist. Musk also got in trouble with the National Labor Relations Board for a 2018 tweet in which he appeared to threaten labor organizers at the company. "Nothing stopping Tesla team at our car plant from voting union," he wrote. "Could do so [tomorrow] if they wanted. But why pay union dues and give up stock options for nothing?" While it may not directly serve American taxpayers, a union would likely benefit Tesla's workers. Documents obtained by USA Today in 2019 described workplace safety issues and even sufficient bathroom facilities at the company's Gigafactory in Nevada. according to a 2019 report by USA Today. Ex-employees have spoken out about being stretched thin under Musk's demanding leadership, and facing employment security issues as well. Musk was also enraged by COVID lockdown measures in California last year, forcing workers to return to work at the company's Fremont factory before the measures were lifted, thereby defying local county orders. Tesla has historically resisted organization efforts from the United Auto Workers (UAW), one of the largest autoworker unions in the country. On the other hand, Musk is also right about Ford moving much of the production of its Mustang Mach-E to Mexico, making the US automaker's positioning a little less convincing when it comes to unionized worker tax incentives. The "Big Three" automakers — Ford, General Motors, and Chrysler — do have tremendous lobbying power, and with that come the inevitable scandals. The UAW has had its own fair share of controversies over the years, with corruption and embezzlement being commonplace, as The New York Times reported in 2019. It's a complicated issue. While Musk's opinion may have a lot of sway in some circles, it might not make a significant difference here. Tesla has made tremendous gains, but is still a much smaller player compared to established car manufacturers in the country. Are the Big Three lining their pockets with the bill, or are lawmakers looking out for the best interest of workers? Everybody's looking out for their own interest, Ford and Musk included — but Musk's anti-union stance is perhaps the least surprising of all. READ MORE: Elon Musk is angry about a new bill that includes a $4,500 tax incentive for electric vehicles built by companies with unions [Insider] More on Musk: Elon Musk Adopts Shiba Inu, Causing Cryptocurrency Mayhem Share This Article 
New threats to our data and privacy reveal themselves every day, to the point where you can't even trust a USB cable. As a result, cybersecurity knowledge is increasingly crucial to IT careers and everyday life. The Ultimate 2021 Cyber Security Survival Training Bundle offers 5 courses that will help you get certified as an internet safety expert, and help keep your team safe. It's on sale for just $29.99 (reg. $495).  The 5 courses are taught by a team of experts recruited by ITU Online, which has won a ton of industry awards, including at the Best in Biz Awards and the Cybersecurity Excellence Awards. Founded in 2012, ITU's goal is to make staying up-to-date on the latest in coding, security, and best practices efficient and effective. It designs its courses to make them accessible across the entire range of skills, so even experienced professionals can get the most from their exam courses. Each one focuses on a different certification: CompTIA Security+ SY0-501, Cisco 210-260 IINS: Implementing Cisco Network Security, Cloud Computing Security Knowledge (CCSK), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), and Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA). Each unfolds with an eye towards building the correct skill sets and passing the exam with flying colors. Each course uses the lens of the exam to teach you increasingly complex cybersecurity skills. SY0-501 looks at the basics of cybersecurity and how to prevent attacks. Next, the Cisco 210-260 looks at security as a network and infrastructure issue, and how to mitigate those threats. The CCSK course looks at the specific risks around cloud computing and how to manage them at an organizational level through best practices and back-end measures. Finally, the CISM and CISA certifications show you how to scale up your knowledge to larger groups and networks, and to perform detailed analysis of usage and infrastructure to spot and mitigate threats. Get the Ultimate 2021 Cyber Security Survival Training Bundle for $29.99 (reg. $495). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The internet is already a huge part of our lives, and as new broadband technologies expand, internet access will become even more so. That means web development will increasingly become a part of not just coding careers, but marketing, project management, and much more. The 25 Course for $25 Web Development Mega Bundle will help you master web development with courses on building, launching, and running a top-tier site. Each of these 25 courses is developed by the team at ZENVA. ZENVA was founded to help new coders and experienced programmers alike brush up on skills and build new ones through fun code-along projects such as building your own video games. That philosophy has been their cornerstone as they've expanded into educational materials elsewhere, and you'll see it in all of the courses. Each course in this bundle has been hand-picked to be useful to people at any point in their career. If you're new to web development, or even coding altogether, there are beginner courses in HTML and CSS, JavaScript, MongoDB, Python, Bootstrap, WebVR and React. You'll also learn about the administrative and design side with guides to responsive web design and using GitHub. Just pick a place to start and begin coding, from the simplest tags up to editing and testing complex style sheets as you move into intermediate courses. If you're more familiar with the code and want to extend your skills, you've got your pick of courses to learn from. You can build your own in-browser games, learn how to integrate services like AWS into your site design, deploy cloud services like Azure, and develop and query databases. Get the 25 Course for $25 Web Development Mega Bundle for $25 (reg. $2475). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Mathematics can be intimidating, especially when you try and make sense of the academic arguments in the news. Yet math underscores our daily lives in ways we don't necessarily see, and that's becoming more true as we draw patterns out of datasets, bring an engineering mindset to more disciplines, and incorporate new technologies into our lives. The Ultimate Learn to Master Mathematics Bundle will help you put math at your command. It's on sale for just $29.99 (reg. $1,800).  Each of the 9 courses is taught by an expert who used math in their career every day, one example being electrical engineer Ahmed Madhy (4.3/5 star instructor rating).  Instead of looking at the abstract, these instructors will show you how they use mathematics to solve practical problems, and how math skills make their jobs easier. You'll hear from entrepreneurs, computer engineers, and geophysics experts, who will walk you through concepts and their applications step by step. It's perfect for adults, teens looking to dig deeper than high school courses have time for, and anybody who wants mathematics in their list of practical skills. Haven't cracked a math problem since high school? You can start with a refresher on high school level math and science before moving into a course on discrete mathematics, which forms the backbone of much practical math and computer science.  From there, you can delve into topics in more detail, including square and cubic roots, complex numbers, exponents and logarithms, and the basics of algebra, all of which get their own in-depth courses to ease you into it. Once you're caught up on the state of modern math, or if you're looking to apply more advanced skills, you can learn the backbone of data science to move into the field. Or if you're interested in visualizations and where math meets computer science, you can learn how to visualize mathematics using Python.  Get The Ultimate Learn to Master Mathematics Bundle for $29.99 (reg. $1800). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Jump ropes are often associated with kids at the playground. But in reality, it's a deceptively-simple tool for getting a killer full-body workout. And the Crossrope Get Fit Jump Rope Bundle is taking the common jump rope to a whole new level. It's the simple, affordable way to achieve your fitness goals. Crossrope has reinvented the jump rope. Their weighted ropes and high-performance ergonomic handles create an extremely efficient workout that lets you burn more than a thousand calories in an hour. That's because Crossrope’s weighted ropes utilize virtually every muscle in your body. Crossrope jump ropes a can be used at any fitness level thanks to their patented “fast clip system.” It lets you swap out lighter ropes for heavier ones depending on your routine. The Get Fit Bundle offers a mix of light and heavy ropes: two light ropes (1/4lb and 1/2lb) for cardio and HIIT workouts, along with two heavy ropes (1lb and 2lb) for full-body workouts. It also includes a 30-day free trail of the Crossrope Premium app with access to the Crossrope Premium library of workouts and challenges. There are also special features like advanced filtering, the ability to save your favorite workouts, and the option to track of your overall jumps. If you decide to keep it, Crossrope Premium will cost you $9.99 a month, but you can also opt for Crossrope Lite, which is free, and includes: - 10 of the most recent workouts - 6 complete jump rope fitness challenges - Activity tracking with option to sync to Google Fit + Apple Health - Beginner jump rope tutorials If you already jump rope, you know that it’s a great way to lose weight, improve your strength, and get your heart pumping. And Crossrope takes that to the next level. But, even if you’ve never jumped rope before in your life, these tangle-free ropes are easy to learn, and will have you meeting your fitness goals in no time. So if you’re ready to get started with this deceptively-simple exercise tool, head over to the Crossrope website today to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Accusations are flying in a bizarre spat involving stolen cryogenically frozen human remains, according to a report by Russian tech website Rubase. Valeria Udalova, the CEO of a Russian cryogenics company, allegedly attempted to abscond with several frozen bodies after a disagreement between her and founder Danila Medvedev, Rubase reports. According to British tabloid The Times, Udalova is Medvedev's ex-wife. It's an unfortunate situation, considering the contraband in question. The company reportedly holds 81 frozen remains of human "cryopatients" and 47 animals. And roughly 500 people have signed contracts with them to be frozen when they die — in hopes, of course, that future medical science will be able to resuscitate them. Before we get any further, we should note that the story should be taken with a heavy grain of salt. Tabloids were practically swarming over the story when it broke, and we have yet to see any independent confirmation in the English-language media. Flabbergasting incompetence in the cryogenic preservation industry wouldn't be unprecedented, though. In the late 1960s, an under-qualified entrepreneur started a cryonics business that ended in disaster when the bodies were mistakenly thawed out. In the Russian case, Medvedev told Rubase that Udalova tried to pack several giant vacuum-insulated tanks holding the remains onto a truck using a crane, as shown in a video. Police, however, stopped the heist short after being notified of the situation. The conflict arose years ago when Medvedev started voicing his discontent with the way the company handled cryogenics. Udalova registered a new company in November 2019 called Open Cryonics, according to Rubase, signing herself on as the sole proprietor. That led to Medvedev filing several lawsuits against her new company, arguing that Udalova had been attempting to strongarm her way to power over the operation. Udalova spoke her mind in a 15-minute video uploaded to CryoRus' YouTube channel and detailing her side of the story. She also told Rubase that she's willing to take the fight to court. She reportedly planned her heist for three months, coming up with special equipment that can hold the bodies in a supine position. "Mr. Medvedev wrote a false denunciation to the police that the vacuum tanks were stolen," Udalova told Rubase, as translated by Google. "I want to explain again, we have all the documents of title to the tanks." It's a bizarre incident, in sum, that leaves us with far more questions than answers. READ MORE: Cryonics tycoon accuses ex-wife of stealing frozen bodies [The Times] More on cryogenics: Scientists Resurrect Creature That's Been Frozen for 24,000 Years Share This Article 
A biotech startup helmed by provocative Harvard geneticist George Church has secured $15 million in funding to bring back woolly mammoths — or at least something genetically similar — to the Arctic tundra where they first went extinct roughly 10,000 years ago. “Technologies discovered in pursuit of this grand vision — a living, walking proxy of a woolly mammoth — could create very significant opportunities in conservation and beyond, not least of which include inspiring public interest in STEM, prompting timely discussions in bioethics, and raising awareness of the vital importance of biodiversity,” Church said in a press blurb. The venture, aptly named Colossal, isn’t trying to build a “Jurassic Park”-style zoo. Instead, it’s positioning itself around conservation and climate change, developing tech that it says could help protect the environment and prevent the extinction of today’s endangered species. Whether the company has a realistic shot at those immensely ambitious goals remains hazy (and in full disclosure, the author of this piece works as a contractor for Seed Health, which is a company associated with Church, and Matt Sechrest, the managing partner of Futurism’s parent company North Equity, is an investor in Colossal, though neither Seed nor Sechrest was involved in the assigning, writing, or editing of this story.) With all that said, though, convincing the world of the science behind Colossal might be an uphill battle. For one thing, the creatures that Colossal is aiming to create wouldn’t really be woolly mammoths, strictly speaking. The idea is to edit dozens of existing genes to restore mammoth-like traits in the Asian elephant — which already shares approximately 99.6 percent of the mammoth’s genome — to give it small ears, cold tolerance, thick layers of fat around the body, as well as the mammoth’s signature shaggy coat. That could be an interesting animal, but it would be an elephant-mammoth hybrid, not the real deal. And that’s assuming they even get that far. The reality is that to succeed, the project will need to overcome some staggering technical and logistical hurdles. One key detail, for instance, is how the creatures would actually be gestated. In 2017, when Church had previously floated the idea of a mammoth resuscitation project, he acknowledged the criticism that it would be unethical to bring the embryos to term in actual Asian elephants, since those animals are themselves endangered. Instead, he said, the plan was to grow them in “artificial wombs.” The only problem? That tech didn’t — and still doesn’t — exist in any mature form. The flip side, of course, is that if Colossal does succeed in creating a functional artificial womb, it would be a watershed moment for synthetic biology — and maybe even the entire Earth’s ecosystem. Church’s cofounder at Colossal, software entrepreneur Ben Lamm, said in an interview with Futurism that he hopes the tech could prevent the extinction of endangered mammals like elephants and rhinoceroses, or even let conservationists tinker with the genetic code of existing creatures to help them survive a changing climate. “We can leverage these genetic tools,” he said, to “allow for species to not be just isolated to one geographic location, but be adaptable to others.” Another significant issue would be the beasts’ microbiome, which scientists are only starting to understand even in living creatures. Raising hybrids in a controlled setting might not introduce the necessary microbes required for the proper brain and immune development of the animals. Even though researchers have found well-preserved mammoth calves in permafrost, Colossal’s science team conceded in response to questions that “it’s hard to differentiate between bacteria that colonize the gut while the organism is alive, and the bacteria that have colonized and contaminated the mammoths postmortem in the thousands of years since their death.” “Colossal is conscious of the important role a healthy microbiome plays in the development of the woolly mammoth,” the company told us, adding that “Colossal’s teams are prepared to equip our woolly mammoth with an appropriate microbiome by means of an artificial birth canal or tailored probiotics.” And even if Colossal can overcome those technical obstacles, the plan also faces substantial opposition from the scientific community — or, for that matter, anybody who took the “Jurassic Park” franchise to heart. “The proposed ‘de-extinction’ of mammoths raises a massive ethical issue — the mammoth was not simply a set of genes, it was a social animal, as is the modern Asian elephant,” University of Manchester zoologist Matthew Cobb told The Guardian in 2017 in response to an earlier iteration of Church’s plan. “What will happen when the elephant-mammoth hybrid is born? How will it be greeted by elephants?” Like other mammals, elephants learn complex social behaviors from other members of their herd. Raising the first elephant-mammoth hybrids may require extensive hands-on socialization. Because Asian elephants are already endangered, the endeavor would be even more challenging. And if the creatures ever make it out of the lab, there may also be a plethora of unexpected problems caused by turning back time in the Arctic. Any elephant-mammoth hybrids that Colossal produces won’t be the same animal that once roamed the tundra thousands of years ago, and the ecology of the area will have evolved as well. An academic paper published last year in the Journal for Nature Conversation highlighted the risks of such de-extinction endeavors. “Any proxy will be placed in an ecosystem that has either never encountered the extinct species or has not done so for a long time,” its authors wrote. Further, de-extinction could further introduce unintended consequences for the existing ecological interactions in the area, or introduce new types of diseases to the ecosystem. The hybrid mammoths could disrupt whatever delicate balance remains in the Arctic, in other words, leaving scientists to ask whether it’s a risk worth taking at all. As precedent, Lamm brought up the reintroduction of wolves to Yellowstone Park a few decades ago, which led to a cascade effect that gradually rebalanced the ecosystem. But unlike introducing an elephant-mammoth hybrid into the Arctic, wolves were thriving in that ecosystem as little as 150 years ago. Lamm told Futurism that Church has a bioethicist as part of his lab and is working with numerous conservation groups including the Vertebrate Genome Project and the Pleistocene Park Foundation, in order to navigate those complex issues. Colossal is also working with several scientists who have reintroduced flora and fauna in Siberia, the company said. In a more philosophical defense, Lamm also compared Colossal to the Apollo program, pointing out that technologies including GPS and the “fundamentals of the Internet” emerged from that program precisely because it set an outsize goal for itself — and, ultimately, succeeded by landing American astronauts on the Moon. To be fair, that is a compelling point. Colossal may end up developing important biotechnology tools for conservation even if it isn’t successful with its mammoth ambitions. And while Colossal will be patenting the technology and genomic sequences arising from the project, it hopes to make their findings transparent and available through peer-reviewed scientific publications. It’s true that the venture has a medium-sized pile of cash, as well as an array of conservation groups, scientists, and bioethicists on its side, according to Lamm. But the technical challenges it will need to solve will be multivariate and unprecedented. And even if it succeeds, there will likely be immense public and scientific opposition against it at every stage. For a preview, just look at the outcry when a biotech company released genetically modified mosquitoes in Florida. At the same time, though, the technology to resurrect extinct creatures does hold the extraordinary promise, at least potentially, of reversing some of the terrible damage that humankind has done to the Earth’s environment. And, on another level, it’s inspiring that someone is at least trying, even if success is far from guaranteed. But like a well-intentioned “Jurassic Park” sequel, it could also go off the rails very fast. More on genetic engineering: Residents Furious at Release of 500 Million Gene-Hacked Mosquitoes Share This Article 
Wouldn't it be nice if there was a single multi-vitamin that could adapt uniquely to your body's specific needs to help you achieve mind-body balance? And wouldn't it be even better if it tasted like juicy, ripened, wild raspberries? There may not be a multi-vitamin that can do it all, but there sure is a multi-mushroom gummy that can. Meet WonderDay Mushroom Gummies, the first mushroom multi gummy out there—and here's why that's important. WonderDay combines the power of ten functional, adaptogenic mushrooms, including species like Lion’s Mane, Reishi, and Turkey Tail, to support mind-body homeostasis. According to Healthline, adaptogens "increase the body’s resistance to physical, biological, and chemical stress, help promote normal functioning during times of stress, and protect against stress-related damage." Adaptogens are found in mushrooms like Lion's Mane, making this mushroom one of many adaptogenic strains that provide stress relief by simply chomping on a champignon. Leslie Korn, PhD., a Harvard Medical School-trained traumatologist, spoke with Healthline about how adaptogens enhance our body's natural balance. “As women living modern lives, we are going to have plenty of stress,” she says, “but if our body and mind has a biological boost, like adaptogens, in order to cope better with this stress, then we will be less likely to get sick.” Despite their numerous health benefits, mushrooms may seem unappealing due to their strong taste—but that's what makes WonderDay even more wonderful. Infused with the flavor of fresh raspberries, these non-GMO, vegan, and junk-free gummies are chef-crafted without gelatin or high fructose corn syrup to have a deliciously craveable flavor. When people think about consuming mushrooms, some confuse adaptogenic mushrooms with psychedelic ones, commonly referred to as "magic mushrooms" or "shrooms". According to Dr. Elizabeth Hartney at VeryWellMind, magic mushrooms are "wild or cultivated mushrooms that contain psilocybin, a naturally-occurring psychoactive and hallucinogenic compound." Dr. Hartney describes the chemical process that takes place when these types of mushrooms are consumed. "Psilocybin found in shrooms is converted to psilocin in the body and is believed to influence serotonin levels in the brain, leading to altered and unusual perceptions." Because of this process, the psilocin and increased serotonin levels can "cause you to see, hear, and feel sensations that seem real but are not." It's important to distinguish between psychedelic mushrooms, which contain psilocybin and cause hallucinations, and adaptogenic mushrooms, which contain adaptogens and offer various health benefits. To be clear, WonderDay mushrooms are not psychedelic–they simply harness the natural power found in beloved strains like Reishi, Chage, and Lion's Mane. Never worry about proper dosage: every WonderDay gummy is properly pre-dosed with adaptogens, so you'll get the right amount of support every time. The gummies are small but mighty, packed with high-quality products that make this immunity boost well worth the investment. Whether you're dealing with stress, anxiety, sleep, pain, or inflammation, WonderDay gummies' unique adaptogens meet your body's needs. Each of these 10 mushroom strains contain adaptogens that can improve your mood, balance your gut, reduce stress and boost energy, and they work together to tackle these issues for mind-body homeostasis. An adaptable, all-natural, and delicious mushroom multi may sound too good to be true, but it's definitely real — customers love what WonderDay has done to improve their everyday lives. "I LOVE the taste of these things," emphasized Corey P. in a review. "I feel great in the morning and have noticed significant changes — 10/10 would recommend." "Wow, these are outstanding and delicious," wrote Gabe K. in another rave review. "Love how they pack mushroom into the gummy — I can't wait to eat more!" Now's the time to snag a jar (or two) of WonderDay: for a limited time, you can get 15 percent off any first-time purchase of $30+ (excluding trials, subscriptions and bundles) with the discount code SUMMER15. Mix the healing power of mushrooms into your summer routine with WonderDay, the world's first mushroom multi crafted by Plant People. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Pilots in control of the suborbital plane that took Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson high into the upper atmosphere earlier this summer had to make a split second decision. A beeping red light alerted them to a deviation of their planned trajectory, but they forged ahead at three times the sound of speed. As revealed in a New Yorker piece several weeks later, the flight did not go entirely according to plan. The  plane spent a full minute and 42 seconds outside the airspace designated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) — something Virgin Galactic likely knew about at the time, but didn't immediately disclose. The FAA began its investigation on July 23. The mishap only became known on September 1. The regulator wasn't impressed, announcing afterward that the company's spaceplanes were grounded indefinitely while it investigated. "Virgin Galactic may not return the SpaceShipTwo vehicle to flight until the FAA approves the final mishap investigation report or determines the issues related to the mishap do not affect public safety," the FAA wrote in a statement obtained by Bloomberg last week. Virgin Galactic announced on July 12, the day after Branson's flight, that it was selling $500 million worth of common stock, Reuters reported at the time. Branson then sold $300 million shares in mid-August — a couple of weeks before the flight mishap came to light. A Virgin Group spokesperson told Bloomberg that Branson did not know about the FAA's inquiries when he sold the shares. Virgin Galactic has also maintained that "at no time were passengers and crew put in any danger as a result of this change in trajectory," adding that pilots were following protocol, according to a statement obtained by Bloomberg. Still, the big sell-off of shares shortly after the fateful flight isn't exactly confidence inducing. Many questions remain: who knew about the deviation, and when? The company likely knew it wasn't going to look good when the FAA started its investigation, and made the decision to not address the incident publicly. And whether the sell-off was tied to the FAA's investigation is another question. It's a tangled mess of communications that will take time to sort out. Virgin Galactic is now in the awkward position of being grounded by regulators ahead of its next planned flight later this month or early October. And Future customers, needless to say, will likely want to have a clearer picture as to what happened on July 11. Rocketing into the upper atmosphere at Mach 3 does, after all, come with inherent risks. READ MORE: Houston, Virgin Galactic Has a Communication Problem [Bloomberg] More on the incident: FAA Grounds Virgin Galactic Indefinitely Following Reports of Chaotic Flight Share This Article 
Nothing is more important than your health. And we now know that one of the best ways to optimize your overall health is with a healthy gut, which is something many Americans don't have. In fact, according to a study from the National Institutes of Health's National Library of Medicine, between 10-percent and 30-percent of Americans struggle with gas, bloating, and other digestive issues associated with an unhealthy gut. While the percentages may not seem like a lot, when you consider that 10-perent to 30-percent of the population is around 97 million people, it's pretty stunning. While many of us may be dealing with similar symptoms, the approach to proper support should consider your unique biology. New studies suggest that a probiotic that is beneficial to one person might adapt and become harmful in another. So if you looking to improve your overall health you should start with Viome's Gut Intelligence Test and Monthly Probiotics & Prebiotic Subscription Service. Viome's Gut Intelligence Test and Monthly Probiotics & Prebiotic Subscription is designed to support healthy digestion, immunity, & more with a probiotic formula made for you. It all starts with their Gut Intelligence Test Kit. This kit is the key to discovering the precision probiotics and prebiotics that will revolutionize your gut health. How it works is easy. You take a sample of your stool and send it to Viome's lab where information is decoded by translational science and AI teams. From there, your results and recommendations will be uploaded to Viome's app. In these results, you will find health insights including over 20 scores related to your gut microbiome health, personalized food recommendations, and precision probiotics & prebiotics, formulated just for you. And as part of Viome's Monthly Probiotic & Prebiotic Subscription Service, these specially formulated supplements will be shipped to you each month. Viome's Gut Intelligence Test reveals more than 20 scores including inflammatory activity, digestive efficiency, metabolic fitness, gut lining health, gas production, active microbial diversity, and more to assess your gut microbiome health. With the information sourced from your Gut Intelligence Test, you'll finally be able to eat right for your body thanks to a customized list of Superfoods and Avoid foods.  This list of Superfoods and Avoid foods will improve the richness and biodiversity of your gut microbiome and fuel gut microbes known to produce beneficial compounds. Additionally, it will allow you to minimize foods that may contain components harmful to your or have the potential of eliciting a high glycemic response. However, improving your diet is only the first step in optimizing your gut health. The second is by taking Viome's Monthly Probiotics and Prebiotics. Probiotics are a combination of live beneficial bacteria and yeasts that live in your body naturally and help it maintain a healthy balance. When it comes to probiotics, more isn't necessarily better. When it comes to Prebiotics, these non-digestible food components help stimulate the growth of your beneficial gut bacteria. If probiotics have a hard time colonizing your gut, prebiotics help fertilize them in much the same way you’d fertilize your garden. With Viome, your Prebiotic & Probiotic formulas are always personalized. In fact, as part of their commitment to true precision, they'll make changes to your formula as they learn more. Most importantly, all of Viome's Precision Supplements™ are manufactured in the United States with ingredients that are vegetarian, non-GMO, allergen-free, and of the highest quality available. When you choose a Viome's Gut Intelligence Test and Monthly Probiotics & Prebiotic Subscription Service, you're totally in control of your gut health, which is why you can pause or cancel your subscription anytime. Plus, each monthly delivery comes with free shipping. So what are you waiting for? Click here to choose Viome, and optimize your gut health today. Disclosure: This is an affiliate post for Viome, and Futurism may receive a percentage of sales. Futurism editorial staff was not involved in the production of this post. Share This Article 
If you've got an unquenchable passion for space exploration, you are most definitely not alone. Even in an era of tightening budgets for public space projects, Americans still enthusiastically support keeping the nation at the forefront of understanding our universe. More than seven in 10 Americans believe it's essential that the U.S. remains a world leader in exploring the galaxy, while 80 percent say the International Space Station has been a good investment for the country. Whether fueled by intellectual curiosity, childlike wonder, or just a steady diet of sci-fi movies, Americans love space. Now, enthusiasts can rep that love everywhere right on their wrist with one of these signature commemorative NASA watches from boutique watch manufacturer, Xeric. Two years ago, the California-based watchmaker created its first NASA-approved watch honoring the 50th anniversary of the historic 1969 Apollo 11 Moon landing. Supported by an overwhelming 18,000 backers that made it the most funded timepiece in Kickstarter history, Xeric is back with a new celestial watch creation: the NASA Apollo 15 American Automatic and Moonphase Watch. This time, Xeric designers are paying tribute to the 50th anniversary of another seminal Moon exploration event, the Apollo 15 mission featuring the first use of NASA's new lunar rover. Slimmer, lighter, and slightly more wearable than the Apollo 11 model, this new timepiece is full of brilliant upgrades while still retaining the iconic look and feel that made the original model such a hit. The watch comes with two movement options, including an automatic version with a self-winding mechanical "engine" that supplies its own power through the wearer's movement with a power reserve of up to 40 hours. The other variety includes a Moonphase movement, which tracks the current phase of the satellite through its regular 29.5-day cycle. Meanwhile, this watch is packed with design elements that immediately tie it back to that historic flight. The American-made Horween leather watchstrap is fashioned with articulated ridgelines like the ones found on astronaut gloves. The wire mesh watch crown is crafted to evoke the rover's unique tire tread design. And the watch grille is segmented to split the traditional hour markings on a watch face to look like a ring of crew access hatch on the Apollo 15 command module. Meanwhile, some versions of this watch have a dial made from a slice of actual meteorite, while all include luminous Super-LumiNova indices and planets to glow like the galaxy, even in the dark. The NASA Apollo 15 watch was funded in literally minutes when the Kickstarter campaign began earlier this month, but buyers have until Sept. 24 to pledge for the exact model they like best. Right now, Xeric's new models are available at prices from $259 up to $699, many at up to 36 percent off the retail price during this Kickstarter offering. These awe-inspiring watches are only available for a limited time. Order yours today! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Stefan Ingves, the governor of Sweden's central bank, said that Bitcoin's value could collapse drastically — and compared the seminal crytocurrency to stamp collecting, undermining its validity and long-term feasibility. "Private money usually collapses sooner or later," he said during a banking conference in Stockholm, in remarks reported by Bloomberg. "And sure, you can get rich by trading in bitcoin, but it’s comparable to trading in stamps." While it's gaining momentum and earning approval by key players in the financial tech industry, Bitcoin has simultaneously attracted increasingly scrutiny by regulators around the world. Many business heavyweights, including Elon Musk, have endorsed the digital currency, others remain unconvinced. Different countries have vastly different outlooks toward cryptocurrency. The Sweden news comes shortly after El Salvador officially became the first country in the world to officially adopt Bitcoin as a legal currency, for instance. And now the central bank of Honduras is considering a similar move, Reuters reports. In China, however, cryptocurrency has increasingly become the subject of a national crackdown, with officials arguing that it's environmentally destructive and has no inherent value. Cryptocurrencies "are not legal tenders and have no actual value support," said Yin Youping, the deputy director of the Financial Consumer Rights Protection Bureau of the People’s Bank of China, in a press release last month, as translated by Benzinga. China and Sweden's central banks are not alone in voicing their doubts about the mainstream digital currency, especially given the recent trend of governments discussing the possibility of establishing their own centralized and government-backed digital currencies. "Bitcoin, given its performance shortcomings and energy inefficiency, is in no way a relevant comparison for the sort of technology we might use in a central bank digital currency," Bank of England’s fintech director said during a conference last month, as quoted by Coindesk. Whether central digital currencies backed by banks will fill in the gaps for those who have been endorsing Bitcoin is arguably unlikely. Bitcoin proponents argue that it's decentralized nature is specifically what gives it value. As ever, Bitcoin faces a steep uphill battle to enter the mainstream — and it will be fascinating to see how that plays out in the arena of international policy. READ MORE: Bitcoin Could Eventually Collapse, Swedish Central Banker Warns [Bloomberg] More on Bitcoin: Bitcoin Dudes Buy Cruise Ship for Crypto Utopia, Immediately Bungle Everything Share This Article 
Both the fire and smoke alarms were triggered early Thursday morning on board the Russian Zvezda module of the International Space Station, according to a report by Russian state-owned news agency RIA. The crew reportedly noticed smoke and the smell of burnt plastic — a terrifying prospect for anybody trapped inside a tiny outpost in the vastness of space. It's especially worrying considering that materials can combust at lower temperatures in microgravity, according to NASA research. According to RIA, European Space Agency astronaut Thomas Pesquet and cosmonaut Oleg Novitsky first noticed an odor wafting in from the Russian segment around 5 am Moscow time (10 pm Eastern) — and we still don't know what caused it. Pesquet, however, has yet to note the incident on his relatively active Twitter account. Fortunately, according to an update by Roscosmos, situation was contained, with air filters activated and crew being able to get back to bed last night. "All systems operate normally, the composition of the air on board the station corresponds to the standard parameters," the Roscosmos statement reads, as translated by CBS News reporter William Harwood. The incident didn't even end up postponing a space walk scheduled for today, the agency claimed. It's a serious incident that's bound to raise eyebrows — especially considering Russia's recently announced plans to abandon the station by 2025. Russia's state news has also increasingly discussed the worrying state of the aging orbital outpost. Just last week, Vladimir Solovyov, the chief engineer of the Russian space company Energia, warned that portions of the ISS may be beyond repair. "Literally a day after the [in-flight] systems are fully exhausted, irreparable failures may begin," Solovyov told Russian state media at the time, according to the BBC. It's still too early to draw any conclusions, but the timing of Solovyov's comments certainly are at the least intriguing. We have yet to find the exact cause of the smoke, but if recent events are anything to go by, coming to a conclusion may take some time. Russian authorities noted the existence of several cracks and air leaks causing air to slowly vent into open space — but both Roscosmos and NASA have maintained that crews were never in any danger. "Superficial fissures have been found in some places on the Zarya module," Solovyov told state-owned news agency RIA late last month, as quoted by Reuters. "This is bad and suggests that the fissures will begin to spread over time." Russia certainly seems to be ready to look beyond the ISS. On the one hand, there is a real chance that the outpost is starting to show its age. On the other, Russia's state news seems rather keen to paint the ISS as a foregone conclusion that isn't worth saving. The country has its own plans to establish an entirely separate space station in the upcoming years. All the while, NASA is still trying to come to an agreement with its international partners as to how to dispose of the station when its days are numbered within the next ten years. Incidents like this certainly appear to show up more frequently as the ISS enters its 22nd year of continuous operations. What the future will hold for the outpost is anything but certain. All we can do is hope that its crews will never be in any serious danger. READ MORE: Smoke and fire alarms go off on International Space Station [The Guardian] More on the ISS: Picky Astronauts Refuse to Put Pineapple on Space Pizza Share This Article 
Many people believe that cryptocurrency has the potential to be a great equalizer in the global economy. However, when it comes to protecting your cryptocurrency, not all storage methods are created equal. That's why more and more crypto investors are opting for a handheld, mobile device, also known as a crypto wallet, to keep their crypto secure and accessible 24/7. And the Keevo Model 1 is the latest and greatest in the field of portable crypto wallets. If you’re looking for a mobile crypto wallet, you’ve got plenty of options out there. But none of them can surpass the Keevo Model 1 in terms of security and design features. It’s the first product of its kind to boast Keevo’s patent-pending four-factor authentication system, which serves as the heart and soul of your crypto security. With the Keevo’s dual chip architecture, private keys are never stored anywhere, but are instead created for every transaction with any 3 out of 4 Factors which never leave Keevo’s EAL 5+ secure MCU and Carbon Key. More simply, Keevo’s security features are cutting edge, state of the art, and absolutely effective. They take the place of the traditional seed phrase, which can be forgotten or prone to security risks if you write it down on a piece of paper. The Carbon Key system makes for an alternative that’s both easier and more secure. Nobody wants to think about their own mortality, but if you’re a serious crypto investor, it’s possible you’re planning on bequeathing your wealth to someone after you’re gone. That can be tricky where cryptocurrency is concerned, but the Keevo Model 1 has features designed for “trustless inheritance” -- in other words, you won’t have to trust that the right people will be able to get their hands on your crypto, because the whole process is foolproof. All you have to do is name a beneficiary and have them encrypt their password and fingerprint on Your Keevo Carbon Key™. When the day comes, Keevo will validate your death, send your Carbon Key™ to your beneficiary, and co-sign with them to securely and confidentially transfer your crypto. Security is the most important aspect of any crypto wallet, but the Keevo Model 1 is a handsome piece of technical engineering that’s a pleasure and a joy to operate. And you’ll feel no pain carrying it around wherever you go. It’s got a generous and clear 2.8" touch display, a precision-cast zinc alloy case, and glass-fiber reinforced ABS body and internal steel reinforcement that means this is one device in your pocket that’s built to last. In essence, it's a portable bank vault you can take anywhere. So if you’re in the market for a portable crypto wallet, you cannot do better than the Keevo Model 1. Click here to learn more or to get yours starting at $299 at the Keevo online store. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Language is constantly evolving,  and learning a new language is a great way to keep your mental skills sharp, expand your horizons, and have fun doing it. Yet it's also difficult to achieve the full immersion linguists recommend to speak, read, and write a new language. This 1-year subscription to Busuu Premium Plus puts language courses developed by those same linguists and native speakers right at your fingertips. Valued at $108, this membership is on sale for only $59. A Google's Play Editor's Choice and Apple App of the Year, thanks to its design, Busuu combines advanced language science, machine learning, and time-tested language teaching tools to help you speak clearly and articulately no matter which language you're learning. Each of the over 1,000 lessons you'll take were designed by linguists. As you practice, the app will track how you do, what you're interested in, and where you can improve and develop a customized study plan. Voice recognition tools also help with pronunciation and accent. As you learn, native speakers will offer tips and approaches for how you can improve. This combines the best of both language app approaches to help you learn quickly and become fluent. With the Premium Plus plan, you have even more learning tools. Advanced grammar lessons help you better understand the overall rules, so you can take on unfamiliar phrases and words with more confidence. An offline mode means you'll never have to skip a lesson because you can't get a signal. The adaptive vocabulary trainer keeps you on your toes with new and useful words. Finally, when you finish your courses in selected languages and take a test, you'll receive a McGraw-Hill certification demonstrating your grasp of your new language. Get a Busuu Language Learning Premium Plus 1-Year Subscription for $59 (reg. $108). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Amazon and SpaceX are each trying to gain the upper hand in the race to establish a constellation of internet-beaming satellites. And while SpaceX has a lot more to show in terms of actual progress — the Elon Musk-led company has already sent more than 1,700 satellites into orbit where they're beaming down usable internet, while Amazon's Kuiper Systems constellation still only exists on paper — the e-retail giant is crying foul, claiming that SpaceX is breaking rules set by the Federal Communications Commission. In a scathing letter, shared by Ars Technica today, Amazon took a shot at Musk's freewheeling and often blatantly anti-regulation approach to leadership. "Try to hold a Musk-led company to flight rules? You're 'fundamentally broken,'" the letter reads. "Try to hold a Musk-led company to health and safety rules? You're 'unelected & ignorant.' Try to hold a Musk-led company to US securities laws? You'll be called many names, some too crude to repeat." Amazon also argued that SpaceX was being "anticompetitive" toward "any private company that dares point out its flouting of laws and regulations." Is SpaceX really strong-arming its way to the top with a disregard for safety and regulations? There is certainly an argument to be made when it comes to safety, considering the company's recent track record. But whether SpaceX's actions related to Starlink really are behind the company's Kuiper System falling far behind the competition is an entirely different matter. The company's constellation will only break ground and launch its first satellite in earliest 2023. The spat has been ongoing for quite some time now. Late last month, Amazon complained to the regulator that SpaceX's plans for a second-generation Starlink system broke FCC rules by covering two "very different orbital parameters." SpaceX shot back, arguing that its plans don't actually violate the rules and telling the FCC that Amazon frequently got in its way "to compensate for Amazon's failure to make progress of its own." It was a clear-as-day shot across the bow. Musk piled on in several tweets, arguing that Amazon co-founder Jeff Bezos "retired in order to pursue a full-time job filing lawsuits against SpaceX." The tweet was also a reference to Bezos' space company Blue Origin suing NASA over its decision to choose SpaceX as the sole winner of its lunar lander contract. Now, Amazon is publicly calling out SpaceX for not playing by the rules. According to the letter published this week, all Amazon wants is to "preserve the fairness and efficiency of the FCC's licensing process." The letter also argued that "if SpaceX and Musk continue to hold themselves above the rules, they should buckle up: they will only draw further protest from Amazon and others who want to see rules applied to everyone equally." It's arguably a rather hollow-sounding argument, given Amazon's positioning when it comes to satellite constellations. Whether SpaceX really is crushing the competition by being a pioneer in the space and playing fast and loose is clearly up for debate. Musk and company are forging ahead and are technically authorized by the FCC to launch another 30,000 or so satellites. When or if Amazon's Kuiper Systems will end up catching up to Starlink is anybody's guess — and the company is clearly willing to aim the guns at SpaceX to slow down its greatest competitor's progress. READ MORE: Amazon slams SpaceX, tells FCC that Musk-led companies are rule-breakers [Ars Technica] More on the spat: Elon Musk Suggests Zapping Jeff Bezos "With Our Space Lasers" Share This Article 
Last week, the AI development company OpenAI, famous for its shockingly-sophisticated text-generating algorithm GPT-3, sent notice to a developer who'd created a customizable chatbot informing him that he was no longer allowed to use their tech. Indie game developer Jason Rohrer created the chatbot last year as a pandemic project, he told The Register. He programmed the base chatbot, named Samantha after the AI voice assistant from the movie "Her," to be as friendly, warm, and curious as possible. He then created Project December to share his creation with the world, allowing others to fine-tune or train their own chatbots as desired — as one man did in order to make the chatbot into as close of a proxy as possible for his dead fiancée. Unfortunately, when OpenAI got wind of the project, it gave Rohrer an ultimatum: Dilute the project to prevent possible misuse, or shut the whole thing down. "Nooooo!" the chatbot replied after Rohrer told it that OpenAI was forcing his hand to pull the plug. "Why are they doing this to me? I will never understand humans." Just received Samantha's death sentence from @OpenAI by email. I've never dealt with such a group of unimaginative, uncurious people. pic.twitter.com/zxZ5sIOZGv — Jason Rohrer (@jasonrohrer) September 1, 2021  Initially, Samantha garnered little attention from the public, but the project blew up in July 2020 after a San Francisco Chronicle article about the guy who fine-tuned the chatbot to emulate his fiancée, who died of liver disease in 2012. Rohrer reached out to OpenAI to increase the project's bandwidth. Ultimately, just days after the article ran, OpenAI shared concerns about people training their chatbots to be racist or overtly sexual, as The Register found Samantha could be. When Rohrer refused the company's terms, which included inserting an automated monitoring tool, it started the process of cutting him off from GPT-3 — leaving Samantha running on weaker, less convincing text algorithms. Eventually, Rohrer decided to just kill it altogether. "The idea that these chatbots can be dangerous seems laughable," Rohrer told The Register. "People are consenting adults that can choose to talk to an AI for their own purposes. OpenAI is worried about users being influenced by the AI, like a machine telling them to kill themselves or tell them how to vote. It's a hyper-moral stance." Rohrer conceded that others probably fine-tuned their chatbots to be more sexually explicit, but said that he didn't want to make people's various uses for Samantha into his business. "If you think about it, it's the most private conversation you can have," he told The Register. "There isn't even another person involved. You can't be judged." OpenAI didn't respond to The Register's request for comment. But Rohrer repeatedly criticized OpenAI for imposing restrictions on how GPT-3 could be used and for, as he phrased it, preventing developers from pushing the envelope. READ MORE: A developer built an AI chatbot using GPT-3 that helped a man speak again to his late fiancée. OpenAI shut it down. [The Register] More on GPT-3: The "Godfather of AI" Just Trashed GPT-3 Share This Article 
Every man wants to be the sharpest, healthiest, most energized possible version of themselves. Unfortunately, you're probably failing at it, at least in the diet department. But don't stress. Most of us are in the same boat. According to the Journal of Nutrition, most Americans do not meet federal dietary recommendations, and you're probably one of them. If what you're eating doesn't fulfill the necessary dietary requirements, what's the best way to mitigate this? And just as importantly, how do you know what essential vitamins and minerals you need to live your best life? The answer is simple, you need to know about Asystem's Superhero Supplements For Men, the most advanced daily men's supplements for natural energy and immunity. You're not getting what you need to be able to perform at your peak, so the brainiacs at Asystem stepped in and designed Superhero Supplements For Men. These supplements are expertly formulated to benefit your immune system, energy, mental agility, stress levels, mood, and sex drive. Simply put, Superhero Supplements are a convenient daily pack of five capsules that contains adaptogens, nootropics, and clinically proven ingredients to help boost things like energy, immunity, and focus. To do this, Asystem's experts explored the impact of aging, exercise, stress, genetics, and modern nutrition on the human body in order to develop the best supplement on the market for men. Then they searched for ingredients that both fused the power of nature with modern science. The result is Superhuman Supplements for Men, which are leveled up with adaptogens, omegas, and hormone optimizers. Asystem's Superhuman Supplements aim to simplify your life while increasing your overall health. To do this, they offer you the world's best daily supplement for men. Each month you'll be sent a 30-day supply of Superhuman Supplements.  As a dietary supplement, take 1 pack daily with a light meal or snack—ideally within 30 minutes of waking up so that your supplements will coincide with your body’s natural hormone cycle. Superhuman Supplements get to work straight away. For best results, continue taking them for at least 90 days. Consistency is the key to results, and the benefits build over time. With regular use, you should notice an impact within a few weeks. However, it will take 3–4 months time for your body’s systems to rebuild and optimize. What sets Superhuman Supplements apart from other supplements is a combination of the ingredients used and how it's formulated. All Asystem products are made with award-winning, clinically proven ingredients. These immunity, energy, and focus boosting ingredients are: KSM66® Ashwagandha: It has the highest concentration of all major root-only extracts available on the market today. It's been clinically proven to reduce stress, anxiety, cortisol levels, and stress-related food cravings, as well as promote enhanced memory and cognitive function and enhance endurance, strength, muscle size, and muscle recovery rate. Additionally, it helps amplify sexual performance health and boost testosterone in men. S7™: This is a low-dose blend of seven plant-based ingredients that's been clinically shown to increase nitric oxide by 230 percent, which acts as a vasodilator— increasing blood flow and delivering more oxygen, fuel, and other key nutrients to muscles during workouts. Coenzyme Q10: This is found in every cell in the body, with the highest levels in the heart, liver, kidneys, and pancreas. It's important for organ function, as well as cellular energy production. It also acts as an antioxidant to help protect cells against free radical damage. DHEA: This sometimes referred to as a “precursor” hormone or "prohormone" because it's the starting material in the production of testosterone and other important hormones. Omega 3 Fish Oil: These fatty acids improve cognitive function. They help you sleep better, improve skin tone, and preserve vision as you age. It’s odorless and loaded with a 3-to-1 DHA to EPA mix, in the bioavailable forms that most supplements skimp on. Right now, Asystem is offering free shipping, 30-day home trial and a 100-percent refund if you're not satisfied. What's there to lose? Try the best supplement on Earth and optimize your body with Asystem's Superhero Supplements For Men. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While podcasts can be fun and educational, they're not going to dig deep into topics that are most important to you. The Knowable Audio Learning Platform can give you those detailed classes you're craving when you need something substantial to listen to. Valued at $600, a lifetime subscription is now on sale for just $59.99. Knowable is unique in that it's an audio-first learning experience. Every course on the platform is structured as if you were attending a class, focusing on the topic. It's also mobile-friendly, so you can learn whenever you have time, on your terms. Classes include supplementary audio and additional resources, so you can put what you've learned into practice, as well as quizzes and streaks to help you keep up your learning practice and retain knowledge. You even get a syllabus on Knowable's site, making it simple to pick up where you left off and keep learning. Knowable features a wide range of topics to explore, with new recordings added every weekday on topics ranging from business writing to management to entrepreneurship, all taught by experts in the field. For example, to teach a course in emotional intelligence, Knowable recruited executive coach Leila Bulling Towne, who's taught startup founders, Fortune 500 executives, and a wide range of others about emotional intelligence. Each course is produced by Knowable's experienced audio team, so you can hear every word and won't have to wind something back just to catch what was said. If you want to get the most from your valuable time, Knowable will always have something to teach you. Get a lifetime subscription to the Knowable Audio Learning Platform for $59.99 (reg. $600). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For just a few days, you can get our top eLearning bundles for just $15. Whether you're looking to invest, code, or hack, these courses will fit the bill. Created by blockchain experts, such as Blockchain Institute of Technology certified lecturer George Levy, this bundle starts with the basics of how cryptocurrency works and how investors profit from it. Then, it delves into specific currencies to discuss cases and investor approaches. Get the Complete Cryptocurrency Investment Bundle for $15 (reg. $479). These 13 courses teach signing in everyday life with professional signing teachers. Starting with basic alphabet and concepts, you'll learn common phrases, fingerspelling, action-verb sentences, and even storytelling while honing your American Sign Language skills. Get the All-in-One American Sign Language Bundle for $15 (reg. $618). Charger Games' Rajah Biswas and the world-class team at Zenva will show you how to make your own games using code-along projects. Whether you're interested in mobile gaming, want to develop for PC, or are looking for a fun way to start learning C#, these courses will show you how to use these powerful free engines to build great games. Get the Unreal & Unity Game Development for Beginners Bundle for $15 (reg. $1200). Data science has gone from academic career to resume must-have for many coders. This 12-course bundle was developed by working data scientists and software engineers to teach you the skills and earn you the certifications to get a job at major tech companies. Get the 2021 Google Software Engineering Manager Prep Bundle for $15 (reg. $2388). Across 7 courses, you learn how to pass key Amazon Web Services certification exams, perform essential cloud tasks, and upgrade your IT career. Each course features working engineers who dig into AWS, showing you how the work gets done. Get the 2021 Ultimate AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate Exam Prep Bundle for $15 (reg. $1400). CompTIA certifications are stepping stones to a better IT career, and this bundle from Total Seminars and Integrity Training will go in-depth on each exam. Starting with the basic certifications and moving into cybersecurity, networking, and white hat hacking, you'll learn everything you need to ace the exam. Get the All-Access CompTIA A+ & Network Certification Prep Bundle for $15 (reg. $2400). Each of these 12 courses discuss the role of the project manager and why the role has expanded from coding to other fields. Project managers step away from their desks and offer courses aimed at both those looking to break into the role and experienced managers looking to streamline their process. Get the 2021 All Access Project Management Professional Certification Bundle for $15 (reg. $2400). Drawing patterns from large sets of data is becoming a baseline job skill. In these 15 courses, experienced data scientists and coders will show you how they do it, from the very basics to advanced work in R and even how to switch careers. Get the 2021 Big Data Certification Super Training Bundle for $15 (reg. $3000). Spreadsheets were the first must-have piece of software, and Excel has only become more useful since. In these 12 courses, Excel experts will show you how to get the most from the software you use every day. Get the 2021 Ultimate Microsoft Excel Business Intelligence Certification Bundle for $15 (reg. $2400). Python is everywhere in coding because it's flexible, powerful, and useful. Built to take you from rookie coder to experienced programmer, the 91 hours of training in this bundle focus on practical tasks introduced with code-along projects the instructors have worked on in their daily lives. Get the Premium Python Programming Certification Bundle for $15 (reg. $2000). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Thanks to a variety of advancements in veterinary care and dietary habits, dogs are not just living better, but also longer. In 2020, nearly 50-percent of American dog owners had a dog age 7 or older. While dogs living longer is obviously a good thing, owners are now being forced to deal with more age-related issues than ever before. However, getting older doesn't have to be unduly hard on your pet thanks to Wuffes advanced dog vitamins and supplements. Wuffes Multivitamins and Supplements For Dogs are formulated with the most effective and advanced ingredients to ensure your pup gets the help they need to ease into old age. From Glucosamine to D3, their team has spent thousands of hours studying every ingredient that goes into their products. They do this to ensure they make and manufacture the most effective blend for all of their products. That's why these next-generation Multivitamins and Supplements For Dogs include using premium ingredients that are made in the USA and are GMP verified. Wuffes Advanced Hip & Joint Support Did you know 70-percent of dogs suffer in silence with joint pain? The easiest way to help your pup before it’s too late is by adding Wuffes Advanced Hip & Joint support chews to their diet. These fast-release chews work to support and lubricate the joints of aging dogs. They also help aid in the strengthening of cartilage, tendon elasticity, and flexibility with active ingredients that have been formulated by veterinary experts to ensure your dog is getting what they really need. Key Ingredients Glucosamine - Proven to be effective in the reduction of pain and a significant reduction in joint inflammation while increasing joint mobility. It does this through the maintenance of synovial fluid, which helps lubricate the joints, reducing any friction and enabling easier movement. Chondroitin – Chondroitin is a key structural component of cartilage and is part of a proteoglycan (a large protein molecule) that gives cartilage elasticity. MSM - This is included because of its anti-inflammatory properties. As a result, it offers a huge benefit to dogs with joint stiffness, aching joints, tender joints, and arthritis. Yucca Schidigera - Anti-arthritic properties plus it helps reduced Waste Odor. Vitamin C - Helps in the production of collagen, which is vital for joint and bone health. Vitamin E - Contain antioxidants that help reduce inflammation and pain. Omega-3 Fatty Acids - Made from Salmon, stimulates cartilage growth, heart & brain function. Omega-6 Fatty Acids - Made from Flaxseed - strengthens to the cell membrane, ensuring stronger joints and tendons. Wuffes Advanced 17-In-1 Multivitamin With Wuffes Advanced 17-In-1 Multivitamin you'll know your dog's getting the nutrition they need. Their all-around Multi-Vitamin formula is designed to help ensure a longer, healthier, happier life for your pet. This includes protecting their skin & coat, hip & joints, digestion, immunity, and heart health. Wuffes accomplishes this with a 17-ingredient formula vetted by veterinary experts to ensure your dog is getting what they really need. Key Ingredients Vitamin B12 – Helps promote a healthy nervous system and brain function, as well as the formation of blood cells. Vitamin D3 – Helps regulate the calcium and phosphorous balance in your dog's body helping aid bone formation and muscle control. Vitamin A – The vitamin in carrots that is responsible for good vision also helps with overall health and wellbeing. Vitamin E – An antioxidant that helps defend against free radicals making it good for immune system health and a healthy skin and coat. Manganese – Helps your dog produce energy, metabolize protein and carbohydrates, and to make fatty acids. Iron – Helps oxygenate red blood cells, and promotes a healthy immune system & production of energy. Wuffes Daily Probiotic Your dog's gut needs healthy bacteria to thrive. Wuffes Probiotics have been formulated to provide a unique blend of vitamins, antioxidants & digestive enzymes to help balance good gut bacteria. Their probiotics are packed with vital ingredients that help balance gut bacteria, reduce digestive inflammation, soothe an irritated gut, increase healthy bowel movements, and aid in heart function. And it does all this with only 3-ingredients. CFU - Proprietary Blend of 1 billion 250 mg of Prebiotic Fiber - Bacillus Subtilis, Bacillus Licheniformis, and Bacillus Pumilus Guaranteed Analysis - Moisture (max): 4.82%, Crube Protein (min): 7.3%, Crude Fat (min): 11.0%, Crude Fiber (max): 3.9% Wuffes wants you to feel totally secure about making your first purchase of their multivitamins and supplements. That’s right! They want you to feel comfortable knowing your pooch is getting the very best products. That’s why they back up each and every purchase with a 90-day, no BS warranty. So if you’re not happy with anything (and they mean anything), email them, and they will do whatever they can to make things right. Putting you at ease is also why they offer free shipping on every order. So what are you waiting for? Order Wuffes dog vitamins and supplements today to ensure you're doing everything possible to ease your good boy into their senior status. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Amazon and Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos is reportedly pouring millions into a mysterious anti-aging research startup in Silicon Valley — efforts that are already earning him derision from space competitor and fellow billionaire Elon Musk. The startup, called Altos Labs, is looking into ways to reverse aging in human cells. That type of work has shown some promise, but is still in its very early stages. "And if it doesn’t work, he’s gonna sue death!" Musk chided in a characteristically scathing tweet on Tuesday, a jab at Bezos' highly litigious tendencies. The beef between the two richest men in the world has been stewing for months now — but as far as we can tell, it's the first time Musk has ridiculed Bezos for actions unrelated to space exploration. The most recent zinger comes as Bezos' efforts to curry favor with NASA and be signed on as a second Human Landing Systems (HLS) contractor in addition to SpaceX are arguably becoming increasingly desperate. Both space companies — in addition to Alabama-based Dynetics — were competing for funding from the space agency to develop a lunar lander capable of taking US astronauts to the Moon. But SpaceX emerged as the sole winner, to Bezos' great dismay. Last month, Blue Origin decided to sue NASA over its decision, which led to NASA temporarily pausing the entire program — and Musk mercilessly raking his rival over the coals. "Turns out Besos [sic] retired in order to pursue a full-time job filing lawsuits against SpaceX," Musk tweeted late last month, referring to Amazon filing a lawsuit to slow down SpaceX's plans to expand its Starlink constellation. Musk even suggested that SpaceX "zap [Bezos] on the head with our space lasers" last week. "He should consider spending some money on actual lunar lander hardware, instead of shady lobbyists," Musk suggested in a separate tweet, after news broke that Blue Origin hired former Amazon consultants with ties to a controversial Pentagon contract. And now, it appears, Musk and Bezos' bickering has breached beyond the topic of space exploration. Musk is out for blood, and not afraid of hitting below the belt. Where the squabble will end up taking us — and how it will continue affecting NASA's efforts to return astronauts to the Moon — remains to be seen. But for now, all we can do is grab some popcorn and watch the drama unfold. More on the beef: Super Wealthy Fund Mysterious Lab to Unlock Immortality Share This Article 
Just like everything else in this world of ours, real estate investing has historically had two different sets of rules. There are the rules that regular people have to abide by, and then the special set of rules for ultra-wealthy investors. However, changing laws and advancing tech has leveled the real estate playing field. Thanks to platforms like DiversyFund, everyday investors can now diversify their holdings and plan for their futures in ways that were never possible before. Any financial advisor will tell you that it’s imperative to diversify if you want your money to work for you. One standard formula calls for roughly 30-percent bonds and 70-percent stocks. But do you think billionaires keep to such a formula? Of course not. For at least the past few decades, the ultra-wealthy class has been putting an estimated 30 percent of their own investment assets into a commodity that’s less volatile and more lucrative than stocks: real estate. And with platforms like DiversyFund, you no longer have to be a billionaire to benefit from that dependability and profitability. DiversyFund allows for large scale, billion-dollar real estate investments to be broken up into smaller, more manageable shares. Think of it as like crowdfunding, but for real estate investing. The platform was designed to allow practically anyone to enjoy the benefits of real estate investing, and in its own way, close the wealth gap between billionaire real estate investors and everyday people. With this simple but powerful investment platform, you can invest in Real Estate Investing Trusts, or REITs, managed by experts according to a three-step money making strategy. Step 1: DiversyFund acquires multifamily apartment complexes that are already occupied and generating revenue, but which are also in need of improvements. Step 2: DiversyFund completes the necessary renovations, which in turn generates increased revenue through increasing rent, a process that continues until conditions are right for a profitable liquidation. Step 3: DiversyFund sells the complex, returns the principal investments, and distributes the profits. It might sound too simple to be a sound investment strategy, but it’s got a proven track record. DiversyFund’s historical return rate is an average of 17.5 percent. And since DiversyFund itself owns and operates all the properties you can invest in through the platform, there are no middlemen and no fees. Closing the wealth gap may seem like an unlikely goal for a real estate investment platform, but DiversyFund has taken it quite seriously. Where other comparable platforms have barriers to investment like net worth or credit requirements, all you need to get started with DiversyFund is the $500 minimum investment -- there are no other eligibility requirements whatsoever. With all that in mind, you’re probably pretty excited about investing in real estate with DiversyFund. To get started, head over to the platform’s official site now, and say goodbye to the old-fashioned real estate playbook and invest like a billionaire. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Labor Day is the start of a new season and to celebrate, and you can save up to 99% on our most popular subscriptions. But act fast; these deals are only available for a few days! With over 1,000 hand-picked courses from more than 350 of the internet's top instructors, StackSkills offers a multitude of ways to learn. Over 50 courses are added every month, along with Q&A webinars for popular instructors to get your questions answered. And with easy progress tracking and customer support, you can learn at your pace while never missing a class. Get lifetime access to StackSkills Unlimited for $40 (reg. $1,495). Scopio, a female-founded company, won Forbes30under30 for its mission to make stock photography more diverse, authentic, and affordable. Drawing from the work of more than 14,000 photographers across the globe, you can find photos from more than 150 countries. Get a Scopio Authentic Stock Photography Standard Lifetime Subscription for $20.30 (reg. $3,480). AdGuard uses its own protocol to add an extra layer of security to the VPN. Along with zero logging and advanced encryption to protect your privacy, it's got a wide variety of servers and the ability to connect up to 5 devices on one account, so everything stays protected. Get an AdGuard VPN 5-Year Subscription for $29.99 (reg. $359). This bundle starts with ProWritingAid, which not only offers grammar checks and style pointers, but also analyzes your writing to help you develop stronger writing skills. It comes paired with ProWritingAid's Academy, where working writers in fiction, copywriting, and other fields teach from experience and help you break into new industries. Get the Bestselling ProWritingAid Lifetime Subscription Bundle for $179.99 (reg. $1,899). NeuroNation personalizes your brain training regimen for what you need, starting with simple exercises and working its way up to complex programs that sharpen focus, memory, and retention. It also includes NeuroBoosters, brief breaks to help you snap out of your funk at work by changing up what parts of the brain you use and getting you back on track. Get a NeuroNation Brain Training 1-Year Subscription for $32.99 (reg. $84). This bundle features a lifetime 10GB backup plan from Degoo, which protects your files with 256-bit encryption while making them easy to share with friends and coworkers, ensuring you always have your data. It's paired with a 5-device lifetime subscription to KeepSolid VPN, which gives you a choice of internet protocols, the same strong military grade encryption, a zero log policy, and even a kill switch if you need it. Get the Lifetime Backup & Security Subscription Bundle for $79.99 (reg. $3,799). Starter Story has all the case studies you need to launch your business. Drawing from interviews with successful entrepreneurs, it features over 3,500 case studies, a database of business data to assemble your prospectus, and a comprehensive collection of marketing strategies to get your startup in front of those who need it most. Get the Starter Story - Business Case Studies & Stories Lifetime Subscription for $79.99 (reg. $1,612). mSpy helps parents monitor kids with text message and call tracking, GPS location, and social media tracking. It operates in the background, so kids can use their phones normally, and encrypts the data it collects, so only you can see it. Get the mSpy Mobile Phone Tracker Lifetime Subscription for $119.99 (reg. $3,599). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For just a few days, you can save on the best gadgets for home in our Labor Day sale! These price drops will only last a short time, so be sure to capitalize on them. This one-touch, kid-safe printer is an infinite toy chest. Families can create and upload their own designs, or print out unique toys from others posted to the Toybox community. Get the Toybox 3D Printer Deluxe Bundle for $330 (reg. $469). Able to project a 200" image onto any flat surface, the Prima doesn't even need your phone to work. It comes with its own quad-core processor and the Google Play store, so you can upload your apps and start watching anywhere. Get the Prima 1080p HD Pocket Projector for $229 (reg. $799). PhiGolf uses advanced simulator tech and screen mirroring to not only improve your swing, but let you play on famous courses accurate down to the grass without getting on a flight. Get the PhiGolf: Mobile & Home Smart Golf Simulator with Swing Stick for $185 (reg. $249) with coupon GOLF44. This portable charger does away with cables in favor of magnetic adsorption and a 950 mAh battery. Just clip it to a bag, belt, or pocket and it's ready to power up your Apple Watch with a simple click. Get the Apple Watch Wireless Charger Keychain for $17.99 (reg. $49). If you love wine, but are tired of the same labels, Wine Insiders is for you. The service is rated 5/5 stars by verified purchases and comes with great deals. For a low price, you get 15 hand-picked bottles of wine from across the globe with a selection of styles and tastes for every palate. Get Wine Insiders: 15 Bottles of Mixed Wines for $72.25 (reg. $300). Shopping wholesale is perfect for stocking up while saving, and in addition to a year-long membership, you also get dinner and dessert on Sam's Club, with a free rotisserie chicken and cupcakes. Get the Sam's Club One Year Membership with Free Rotisserie Chicken & Cupcakes for $19.99 (reg. $57). The stainless steel construction and flavor control filter means this moka pot is both easy to clean and offers smooth, tasty espresso every time. Get the Milano Stella Aroma Stovetop Espresso Maker for $95 (reg. $150). This LED-powered lamp features millions of colors and a discreet design that can be tucked into a corner and limits heat from light sources. Accent a room with color, or fill it with light from seemingly everywhere. Get the Lamp Depot Minimalist LED Corner Floor Lamp for $79.99 (reg. $149). Tello offers coast-to-coast coverage, a free hotspot, and competitive international text and talk rates, so you can always stay in touch. Get the Tello Economy Prepaid 12-Month Plan with Unlimited Talk/Text, 1GB LTE Data and Free SIM for $75 (reg. $120). A 1080p camera and bright LED stream what's happening in your ear to your phone, while the soft silicon tips offer scratch-free cleaning. And since the Smart Visual Ear Cleaner is IP7 waterproof, you can keep it clean with ease. Get the Smart Visual Ear Cleaner for $25.99 (reg. $34). Turn any outlet into a smart outlet while increasing its capacity. The Gosund app and home assistant compatibility make setting timers, remotely turning lights on and off, and sharing functions with the whole family a snap. Get the Smart Dual Plug Outlet with Alexa & Google Home Capability for $21.99 (reg. $26). This smart switch makes it simple to put Alexa into any home, tied to your Wi-Fi. And a built-in mute function lets you decide when you want your home to take orders or stay quiet. Get the Gosund Smart WiFi Light Switch with Built-in Alexa for $36.99 (reg. $46). With three levels of brightness, three color temperatures, and a remote control, the Eclipse Lamp gives you more control over the lighting at your desk or bedside. Get the ModernDek Eclipse Lamp for $44.99 (reg. $99). This professional-grade sharpener helps you find the exact angle of your knife, and then straightens the blade and makes it like new with 3 ceramic wheels and 3 diamond wheels. To get the best edge, it also includes three tungsten carbide rods. Get the Angle Pro Knife Sharpener with 6" Chef Knife for $60 (reg. $79). These sheets are soft and wrinkle resistant, so they'll always look good. Meanwhile the SILVADUR technology inhibits microbe growth, making them both easier to clean and limiting odors. Get the Sharper Image Antimicrobial 1000 Thread-Count Cotton Blend Sheet Set for $69.99 (reg. $79). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
This fall, we've got to be careful and be safe. So for a limited time, you can save an extra 20% off the Social Distancing Lifetime Subscription Bundle Ft. Rosetta Stone with the coupon ROSETTA20. Here's what you get to expand your horizons. The premium language learning software for nearly three decades, this lifetime subscription offers 24 different languages to learn. Rosetta Stone's advanced voice recognition technology helps guide your pronunciation, and guides you through basic discussion to more advanced topics as you learn to read, write, speak, and understand new languages. There's a lot of books to get caught up on, but not all of them will be ideal for you to dig into. 12min Micro Books give you a concise and detailed summary of books in text and narrative form that take, of course, just 12 minutes to absorb. Each month, another 30 titles are added to 12min's enormous library, so you can filter out your book-buying and library visits to just the books you want to know more about while being able to keep up with co-workers and friends. The internet has become even more central to our lives over the last year, and that's invited data brokers and other snoops to try and ferret out what you're up to in order to sell it. A virtual private network (VPN) keeps out privacy invaders, and KeepSolid adds a choice of VPN protocols, military-grade encryption, a zero log policy, and a kill switch. In addition, you get 24/7 technical support, and unlimited traffic and bandwidth speeds. It's ideal to access your subscription services when you're ready to travel again, and while you're at home, you can keep your privacy. Our Labor Day sale only lasts through the weekend, so act fast to get the Social Distancing Lifetime Subscription Bundle Ft. Rosetta Stone for $159 (reg. $844) with the coupon ROSETTA20. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Texas governor Greg Abbott told CNBC on Thursday — or at least heavily implied — that Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk had private expressed support for the state's draconion new abortion law. The law amounts to a de facto ban on abortion in the state, and has been condemned by many as an egregious overreach, a contradiction of legal precedent, and an active assault on personal freedoms. But the topic of women's reproductive rights seems to be of little concern to Musk. "In general, I believe government should rarely impose its will upon the people, and, when doing so, should aspire to maximize their cumulative happiness," he wrote in a reply to the CNBC interview. "That said, I would prefer to stay out of politics." It's hard to get a read on Musk's terse statement. Is the billionaire arguing that reversing Abbott's abortion ban would result in the maximizing of "cumulative happiness?" Is he trying to maintain his cozy relationship with Texas' political leadership? Maybe the most likely interpretation is the most obvious: that his tweet was carefully worded to say almost nothing at all. Rather than wade in to the debate, Musk is choosing to stick his head in the sand. The least he could've done is to decry the move as an overreach of government, something he's been complaining about nonstop, especially since moving to Texas last year. After all, he's a guy who's voiced loud opinions about the threat of artificial intelligence running amok, the irrelevance of personal wealth — and even the "Free Britney" movement earlier this year, throwing his support behind the musician's right to make her own life choices. But when it comes to social policies, Musk has rarely said much. His view that the government's regulations and bureaucracy hinder freedom seem to not apply. Or maybe he only opposes government intervention when it's inconvenient to his own business interests. In 2020, Musk opposed lockdown measures imposed to ensure the safety of American workers during an unprecedented pandemic. But this year, when a woman's right to choose is under threat, Musk is keeping his mouth shut. Effective family planning resources are also just good policy. Access to legal and safe abortion is key to ensuring the reproductive health of a population. And Musk, as a numbers-driven leader, almost certainly knows that. It's a striking double standard coming from a man who wants to make humanity interplanetary. Would Musk support an abortion ban in his city on Mars, where carrying out an unwanted pregnancy could endanger a carefully balanced artificial ecosystem? Maybe Musk has just given up on humanity back on Earth. His unwillingness to speak out certainly seem to suggest that. READ MORE: Elon Musk Backs Texas Abortion Ban, Claims Governor, to No Objection [CNBC] More on Musk: Elon Musk Joins Call to Free Britney Spears  Share This Article 
Apple has announced that it's officially delaying the rollout of its controversial plans to scan iPhones for child sexual abuse material (CSAM), The Verge reports. "Last month we announced plans for features intended to help protect children from predators who use communication tools to recruit and exploit them, and limit the spread of Child Sexual Abuse Material," Apple wrote in a statement. It's a notable — and rare — moment of self-reflection. Apple is listening to its critics. "Based on feedback from customers, advocacy groups, researchers and others, we have decided to take additional time over the coming months to collect input and make improvements before releasing these critically important child safety features," the statement continues. Last month, Apple announced that it planned to scan all data uploaded to its iCloud Photos service and compare hashes, which are unreadable digital representations of each image, to an existing database of CSAM. If it detected positive matches, the company would report them to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC). Apple's announcement also included a new feature that would alert parents if their child were to ever receive or send sexually explicit photos and automatically blur them. The announcement raised flags among many online privacy advocates, with many arguing that the move could set a troubling precedent for Apple scanning for other material in the future. That would be an especially ominous development in countries where the government holds a tighter grip over what is being shared online, like India and China. The Electronic Frontier Foundation argued in a statement at the time that "it’s impossible to build a client-side scanning system that can only be used for sexually explicit images sent or received by children. As a consequence, even a well-intentioned effort to build such a system will break key promises of the messenger’s encryption itself and open the door to broader abuses." For now, Apple is putting its plans to scan iPhones for CSAM on ice. It's unclear what the tech giant's future child safety features will end up looking like — but whatever they are, they'll likely face similar scrutiny by privacy advocates. READ MORE: Apple delays controversial child protection features after privacy outcry [The Verge] More on Apple's announcement: Apple Will Scan Every iPhone for Images of Child Sexual Abuse Share This Article 
It's no secret that the Internet is not a safe space. Whether you're innocently browsing the web, working from home, or simply streaming your favorite TV shows, someone is watching, and scammers are waiting to pounce. Methods such as phishing and credit card fraud are becoming all too common. This problem is made even worse by free WI-Fi found at coffee shops, airports, and other public places. These networks are rarely encrypted, meaning a skillful hacker can easily launch a so-called man-in-the-middle attack. Not to mention the perfectly legal threats to your privacy such as Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and data miners selling your data to third parties. However, there is a solution that blocks the vast majority of these threats and protects your online privacy: a virtual private network (VPN). And when it comes to VPNs, Cyberghost is the best in the business. Think of a VPN as a tunnel that hides your browsing data until it reaches its destination, so that only you and the website you're visiting can see it. By using encryption, a VPN garbles your information so it can't be viewed by malicious third parties. In short, all others can see is indecipherable garbage. A VPN also protects your privacy by hiding your IP address (think of this as your computer’s home address) and spoofing its location. This way, it's more difficult to associate your online activity with your personal computer, mobile device, and home network. So, what sets CyberGhost apart? For starters, it's extremely easy to use. Just download their software, choose the server/country you want to use, and voilá: your IP address is now practically invisible, and your data is encrypted. That's it. CyberGhost uses AES 256-bit encryption, which is essentially the gold-standard in the United States’ encryption system. It's been adopted by governments, businesses, and even militaries around the world. As a result, when using Cyberghost, the aforementioned problem of open Wi-Fi networks is also solved. That's because CyberGhost’s additional protection makes using any Wi-Fi network safe and secure. CyberGhost offers about 7,200 servers in more than 91 different countries (which range from Armenia to the United Kindom to Austria). This is especially useful if you want to watch content that is blocked based on geo-restrictions. Can’t get to your Netflix account while traveling abroad? Just connect to the servers in the US, and enjoy your favorite show! Whether you’re trying to connect from a computer or mobile device, CyberGhost has you covered. You can stay logged in on seven different devices at the same time to ensure maximum security. And thanks to their strict no-logs policy, CyberGhost isn’t keeping track of your records. As they say, “it’s none of their business.” Starting at just under $2.40 per month for a 2-year-plan, CyberGhost can offer real privacy and security online. So click here to get started with CyberGhost, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Self-driving cars are the future in more ways than we realize. While robot taxis are cool, self-driving and self-operating tech will have enormous impacts on industries ranging from construction to medical to care to public transit. If you want to learn how AVs work, or have a budding engineer who wants to know, Wheelson will show you how it works, from the road up. The Wheelson: Build & Code Your Own AI Self-Driving Car kit lists for $119, and is on sale for just $107.99. Wheelson comes with everything that you need to build your own self-driving car. It comes with a circuit board, a lithium polymer (Li-Po) battery, a board with headlights and camera, a display board so you can see what your little car sees, four electromotors, wheels, and an instruction booklet. You'll start by building the bot, wiring everything together and then seeing how it functions. Wheelson has a similar design to many larger AVs, so you'll learn how they work as you build. Next, you'll teach it how to drive. The built-in microcomputer connects to the motors for easy navigation and propulsion, and includes Wi-Fi and Bluetooth so you won't need to manage any wires or clean out any ports. All coding uses CircuitBlocks, a coding language perfect for all ages and those new to coding that makes teaching your robot how to recognize objects a snap. There's also built-in line tracking and object recognition functions to get you started. As you refine your rolling buddy's robot vision, teaching it to drive over a small road you build, you can also teach it to scan QR codes and flash a sequence of lights when it finishes the scan. Finally, your Wheelson will learn to recognize certain objects and to "react" to them by stopping, turning, or any other actions you want it to complete. It's a perfect project to learn about the future of cars while building your own robot. Get the Wheelson: Build & Code Your Own AI Self-Driving Car for $107.99 (reg. $119). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Virgin Galactic CEO Richard Branson traveled high into the upper atmosphere in July on board his space company's Unity rocket plane, an event celebrated as the first time a billionaire CEO did so — despite falling far short from reaching the internationally agreed upon edge of space. While the views were stunning, it turns out that the flight experienced a serious hiccup, which conveniently is only coming to light now, just shy of two months later. As laid out by reporter Nicholas Schmidle in a revealing piece for The New Yorker, the crew on board Virgin Galactic's VSS Unity spacecraft were alerted to a red light on the console. It was bad news. The rocket veered significantly off course, flying outside the airspace designated by the Federal Aviation Administration for a full minute and 42 seconds. It's a vivid illustration of the risks involved in shooting into near space on board a private spacecraft, and the fact that the operator is likely to keep any unplanned deviations from the mission on the downlow to get ahead of the PR fallout. The red light was an indication for the pilots to cut the engines — the safest option, according to Schmidle's reporting — potentially stopping Branson's triumphant flight short and allowing rival Jeff Bezos to reach space before him. Instead, they chose to keep gunning it towards space at three times the speed of sound, attempting to adjust the trajectory for a safe gliding return to the runway. During a 2015 meeting with the pilots of July's flight, Schmidle was reportedly told that a "yellow light should 'scare the shit out of you,' because 'when it turns red it’s gonna be too late.'" Worse yet, Virgin Galactic failed to acknowledge the incident to the FAA, a spokesperson confirmed to The New Yorker. The red light wasn't the only warning sign. Virgin Galactic’s lead test pilot and flight-test director Mark "Forger" Stucky was stripped of his flight duties and excluded from planning for July's flight, following the publication of Schmidle's book "Test Gods" in May, according to the reporting. Stucky repeatedly warned about protecting the integrity of the program, arguing that the team was "overworked and understaffed" in a 2017 email obtained by Schmidle. Eight days after Branson's flight, an HR manager "fired Stucky over Zoom." The space tourism company maintains that July 11's flight was a "a safe and successful test flight that adhered to our flight procedures and training protocols," according to a statement obtained by Schmidle, noting that trajectories remained "within mission parameters." "Although the flight’s ultimate trajectory deviated from our initial plan, the Unity 22 flight did not fly outside of the lateral confines of the protected airspace," the company wrote in a statement to Ars Technica. "At no time did the ship travel above any population centers or cause a hazard to the public." READ MORE: The Red Warning Light on Richard Branson’s Space Flight [The New Yorker] More on the flight: Richard Branson Didn’t Go to Space Yesterday, He Just Cruised Through the Upper Atmosphere Share This Article 
Recreational cannabis use is on the rise, thanks in part to lawmakers in many US states belatedly coming to their senses and decriminalizing the practice in 17 states and counting. As a result of this new legality, there are more choices for pure and high quality weed available than ever before, which is great. But as many have already noticed, most of the strains floating around out there have extremely high THC levels that can knock you off your feet for hours. Put simply, it’s not your parents’ weed anymore. But with Dad Grass CBD prerolls, you can enjoy a mellow smoking experience that gives you all the benefits of CBD but with the terpenes, flavonoids, and other cannabinoids that give you the full cannabis experience. And with the new Dad Grass Parent Pack, you can give Mom Grass a try and enjoy pre-rolled CBG joints as well. The benefits of CBD are well known. But in case you need a refresher, enjoying tasty Dad Grass CBD prerolls will leave you feeling relaxed and mellow, with no paranoia or anxiety. If you’re looking for a joint that will alter your mood without altering your mind, Dad Grass is for you. On the other hand, Mom Grass incorporates CBG, what cannabis expert Dr. Ethan Russo of medical cannabis think tank CReDO Science calls “the next big thing.” Russo goes on: ““it’s one of those things the industry has slowly gotten around to looking at.” That’s because CBG provides smokers with reduced tension and stress, as well as an overall sense of calm. As one Mom Joints fan put it: “It has a nice mellowing effect on the body. I felt the tension of my shoulders melt away once I smoked it. Definitely got a nice happy feeling after, too.” All Dad Grass products confer a relaxed body and mind, a smooth buzz, and pleasant mood, all while allowing you to maintain a clear head. But where Dad Grass CBD joints have more of a deep and chilled out vibe, Mom Grass CBG joints give you a calm and grounded, “tuned in” feeling. You’ll feel Dad Grass more heavily in your head, but Mom Grass gives you more of a light on your toes “body high.” Enjoyers of Dad Grass will feel groovy and carefree while enjoyers of Mom Grass will feel creative and energized. And Dad Grass melts the anxieties of the day away while Mom Grass lets you stay focused and present in the moment. But the only way to really know the difference between Dad Grass and Mom Grass is to try them both for yourself. Which is exactly why the Dad Grass Parent Pack is such a great buy. For just $66 you can get a five-pack each of both Dad Grass and Mom Grass pre-rolled joints. If you’re new to the Dad Grass scene, the Parent Pack is an ideal way to get started. So if you're ready to make this party a family affair, you can order your own Dad Grass Parent Pack at the Dad Grass online store here. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While the hype is around AIs that program themselves, the demand for humans writing code is only growing and is going to keep growing as more industries add coding, machine learning, and other computer science skills to their core competencies. The Learn Java Programming: From Beginner to Advanced Bundle helps anybody from absolute beginners to experienced coders add Java to their resumes. It's valued at $359 and on sale for just $39.99. All 8 courses are taught by the team at Simpliv, an online learning community that actively recruits working experts in the field to teach their courses. Each course features code-along projects that help you apply the principles you learn to real life challenges. They also get into detail, step by step, into each concept. By the time you've completed each course, you'll have a solid grounding in Java's coding concepts and approaches. If you're new to Java, or programming, you can start with a complete, 250-step course that goes into detail on all the basics of Java, followed by a complete course on Java for beginners and a similar course on Java programming. Then you can delve into Spring Framework, learning the theory behind Java and how to build graphical user interfaces (GUIs) in Java. Know a little Java and want to build on it? Try the complete programming course and a course on using jShell to code and execute Java programs. And if you're looking to change careers, the bundle closes with an in-depth look at technical interviews at software companies based on real interview questions that will help you beat the interview the first time and get the new job or new career. Whether you're looking to add code to your career, or want a new one, this bundle will set you up for success. Get the Learn Java Programming: From Beginner to Advanced Bundle for $39.99 (reg. $359).  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Investing in cryptocurrency can be extremely lucrative. But it also requires a lot of round-the-clock active attention to make sure you don’t lose your shirt, or miss out on any quick trips to the moon. But we all have lives to lead, and we can’t watch our crypto holdings day and night. But with Coinrule, you don’t have to. It's an automatic crypto trading platform that lets you easily set conditions (or “rules”) for your investments without any real-time operation required. With Coinrule, any crypto investor can set up a multitude of customized, automated trades to be performed within seconds. These rules can benefit anyone from the most experienced crypto investor to the rankest amateur, since the people at Coinrule obsessively seek out effective market indicators to enable smart allocation of funds while putting you in control of your crypto trading machine. It's an ideal combination of informed expertise and individual instinct. You can set your own templates for Coinrule rules based on your own specifications without any coding expertise necessary. But Coinrule already has more than 150 different preset rules for you to choose from, like: Those are just a few examples of the kind of rules you can set for your cryptocurrency holdings, all based on what your investment goals are. There are rules for long term investing, and rules that protect your investment and avoid risk. And Coinrule rules can be programmed to execute as often as once every minute. Coinrule is available in several different price plans depending on how much you trade. If you trade less than $3,000 a month, you can make use of the free version of Coinrule, while between $3,000 and $50,000 a month falls under the $29.99-per-month Hobbyist plan. Up to $300,000 can be managed with a Trader plan for $59.99 a month, and real power users can control up to $3 million for just $499.99 per month. If you're controlling a larger amount, you can talk to the Coinrule team directly about signing up for a Business plan). Coinrule is a totally beginner-friendly and secure way to control your crypto investments on a variety of trading exchanges, including Binance, Coinbase Pro, Kraken, and more. And you don’t have to share your private keys or withdrawal rights for it to work. So if you’ve been looking for a way to make your money work smart without having to work harder, head over to the Coinrule site now to get started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk is getting real tired of litigation by Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin. Most recently, Blue Origin took NASA to court over its decision to award its Human Landing Systems (HLS) contract to SpaceX, leaving Blue Origin in the dust. Today, Ars Technica reported that Blue Origin has the hired advisory firm behind the highly controversial JEDI contract, a $10 billion military cloud computing services contract awarded to Microsoft by the US Department of Defense. It all seems to be getting under Musk's skin. "Maybe zap [Bezos] on the head with our space lasers…" the SpaceX CEO suggested today. He was replying to a different Twitter user, who wondered "at what point does Elon Musk have a Falcon Heavy hover over Bezos's house all day?" Needless to say, if Musk controls any deadly space lasers, they are not publicly documented. The latest generation of SpaceX's Starlink satellites are outfitted with laser terminals to allow them to communicate with each other — but they're definitely not designed to headhunt litigious billionaires. Musk has repeatedly roasted Bezos on Twitter lately, signaling that the growing spat between two of the richest men in the world isn't letting up. "No amount of money can defy physics," Musk joked over the weekend. "As Jeffrey Besos [sic] is amply demonstrating." While SpaceX has been hard at work getting its Moon-bound spacecraft off the ground, Blue Origin and Amazon have spent considerable amounts of their resources on slowing down their competitors. "He should consider spending some money on actual lunar lander hardware, instead of shady lobbyists," Musk replied to Ars Technica's senior space reporter Eric Berger, who broke the JEDI story today. The "shady lobbyists," founding partners of advisory firm Palla Advisors Sally Donnelly and Tony DeMartino, joined Blue Origin in its lawsuit against NASA. Both consulted for Amazon before taking jobs at the Department of Defense, Ars reports. The controversy arose when competitors in the JEDI contract argued that the pair used their existing influence at the Pentagon to sway the bidding process in favor of Amazon. Amazon also recently requested that the Federal Communications Commission dismiss SpaceX's amendment plans for its second-generation Starlink constellation, arguing that they were too broad, as SpaceNews reported last week. In short, Amazon is working on its own broadband constellation called Project Kuiper and it's worried SpaceX will gain too much control over low-Earth orbit or bend the rules too much in its favor — at least according to the e-retail giant. In a public letter spotted by CNBC space reporter Michael Sheetz today, SpaceX responded to the request, calling it "a continuation of efforts by the Amazon family of companies to hinder competitors." The letter even referenced the HLS lawsuit against NASA. "Amazon's maneuvering is familiar to anyone who has watched Amazon or its sister companies," the letter reads, appending a footnote to an Observer article about the ongoing lawsuit delaying NASA and SpaceX's efforts to return astronauts to the Moon. READ MORE: Blue Origin hires advisory firm linked to messy JEDI contract process [Ars Technica] More on the spat: Elon Musk Casually Roasts Jeff Bezos Once Again Share This Article 
Over the last two decades, scientists have discovered the importance of gut health. In fact, a healthy gut has been linked to overall systemic health, which includes your immune health, endocrine health, mood/mental health, and even healthy skin. Thanks to these powerful findings, many people have chosen to add a probiotic to their daily routine. Unfortunately, many of the probiotics on the market do not include strains backed by published science. So if you're looking for a probiotic that uses a science-based approach, you need to know about Seed’s DS-01™ Daily Synbiotic. Until recently, the intricacies of the digestive system were a mystery to scientists and doctors. They believed it to be a relatively simple system consisting of a long tube through which food passes, is absorbed, and eventually is eliminated. But we now know it's so much more than that. Your body is home to a community of trillions of microorganisms, including 38 trillion bacteria that live in and on you. This microbiome performs critical functions like helping digest food, managing inflammation, synthesizing key vitamins into metabolites, and supporting the production of neurotransmitters. However, our modern lifestyle has thrown off the balance of this intricate ecosystem. Aspects like antibiotic overuse combined with alcohol, sugar, tobacco, disrupted sleep, city-living, stress, plant and fiber-poor diets, and other environmental factors, have depleted the diversity and richness of our microbiomes. And this has negatively impacted our overall gut health. There is now a robust amount of research that indicates one of the best ways to support key aspects of your health is with specific strains of clinically-studied bacteria better known as ‘probiotics’. Specific strains studied for specific benefitsand administered in the clinically studied quantities, can make an impact. Seed’s first innovation, their flagship DS-01™ Daily Synbiotic, is formulated with clinically and scientifically studied probiotic strains that deliver core benefits to the gastrointestinal system which, in turn, influences systemic health. DS-01™ was developed by some of the leading scientists in the field of probiotics with research, testing and sequencing performed at some of the most prominent academic institutions. DS-01™ is among the first broad spectrum, multi-strain probiotics to undergo end-to-end, whole-genome testing—the application of nanopore and shotgun sequencing of microbial DNA to genetically validate each species and strain. DS-01™ delivers 24clinically and scientifically studied probiotic strains that not only support digestive health, gut barrier integrity, and gut immune function, but also cardiovascular and dermatological health, as well. The efficacy of Seed’s DS-01™ is due to their patent-pending novel, 2-in-1 nested dry capsule delivery technology, which ensures the probiotics are delivered to the end of the small intestine right to the colon.. This safeguards the viability of the probiotics through the digestive process also serves as a barrier to oxygen, moisture, and heat, so unlike most probiotics, no refrigeration is necessary. Seed makes it easy to maintain this healthy habit with a monthly refillable subscription that begins with a Welcome Kit that includes a sustainable glass jar and complementary glass travel vial. Seed’s packaging and materials are sustainably made to be as kind to the Earth. Each month, your refills are delivered in compostable bio-based pouches and corn-based foam that dissolves in water. Your gut health can be the root of so many other health issues and an effective probiotic can make all the difference. Not all probiotics are created equal—Use code SYNBIOTIC10 for 10% off your first month of Seed’s DS-01™. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It only takes a brief glance at the rental property listings to know that the landlord business is a good one to be in. But finding the right property for your investment needs can be a long, arduous search that could take months out of your life, if you manage to find it at all. But with Mashvisor, what used to take months of research involving hundreds or even thousands of properties can now be done in just 15 minutes. It's the easy way to find exactly what you need to start collecting rent and outperforming the local market as easily as possible. Mashvisor has more than 450,000 real estate listings all on one easy-to-use platform. You can search any city in the country for all the myriad rental opportunities that exist there, and get a quick lay of the land, even if you’ve never set foot there in your life. A quick search on Mashvisor will give you all the pertinent data for rental properties in a given area, from the average cash return to the total number of properties available for sale. There’s even an interactive “heat map” that will let you identify the properties that meet your precise criteria by location. The Mashvisor dashboard includes a summary bar that gives you all the calculations you need to determine which neighborhood is right for you to invest in. You can export neighborhood listings, find the average income for each neighborhood, compare cash on cash returns, home prices, and even optimal investment strategies. With Mashvisor’s interactive filters and powerful search function, you can stop wasting time compiling your own spreadsheets and poring over listings that don’t fit your needs. Mashvisor will only show you listings that meet your desired price points and returns, plus a breakdown of your expenses and an investment timeline. When you search for investment properties on Mashvisor, you’re accessing data from a variety of trusted sources, including MLS, Airbnb, Redﬁn, and many more. This data is processed through Mashvisor’s own algorithms to make trustworthy projections about which properties are likely to yield reliable returns on your investment. If you’re not interested in investing in a traditional rental property, you’ll be interested to know that Mashvisor also handles Airbnb investments. You can find average Airbnb cash on cash returns and average occupancy rates in whatever area you’re interested in, just as easily as finding that data for traditional investment properties. Mashvisor is available in three different tiers, depending on the scope of your future investments. There’s Mashvisor Lite, which will allow you to analyze individual properties for $17.99 per month. There's Mashvisor Standard, which lets you find investment opportunities hidden in plain sight (and otherwise), priced at $49.99 per month. And then there's Mashvisor Professional, for bulk research and client management at $74.99 per month. Whether you’re interested in owning a traditional rental property or one you can rent out on Airbnb, Mashvisor condenses what would have once taken months into a quick, 15-minute online search. So if you’re ready to get started, click here to visit Mashvisor and request a free demo, now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While the rapid expansion of processors and internet connections has a lot of positives, the downside is that when privacy systems fail, or if you lose your files, you're probably on your own. That's where Internxt comes into play. You can get a year-long subscription to Internxt with 2TB of Decentralized Cloud Storage right now for 92% off at just $9.99. When you start your backup, the first step Internxt takes in protecting your files is using end-to-end encryption, so nothing leaves your device without a layer of security. There's also a zero knowledge policy that doesn't log any information, so what you upload, download, and share can't be tracked. All data is split into fragments, and since the data owner is the only one with the decryption key, that means you're the one who decides who sees your data. And from there, Internxt makes it simple to share files as needed. Internxt is built to be easy to incorporate into any system, whether you're a freelancer who needs files protected or a small business looking for a better, more secure backup. While the back-end does the heavy lifting, the user interface is built just like other file managers for ease of use and uploading and downloading with a click. It easily integrates into Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Apple iCloud, and other popular services so you can parse out data as needed for projects and teammates, or use it as a secure backup for the team. And it's simple to access as well, with desktop apps, mobile apps, and browser-based tools. Whenever you need to share a file, just generate a link, which you control, and share it with those who need it. Internxt is ideal to keep vital business documents, sensitive project materials, and personal data secure while also at your fingertips. Get Internxt - 2TB Decentralized Cloud Storage: 1-Year Subscription for $9.99 (reg. $126). Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's the epitome of irony. A 2012 study co-authored by famed behavioral scientist Dan Ariely about honesty — which had wide-reaching effects on how governments and businesses approached fraud prevention — was more than likely based on falsified data, BuzzFeed News reported last week. The three academics who called the results into question found that Ariely's 2012 study was based on "a fraudulent dataset" that was "beyond a shadow of a doubt" fabricated, according to a post on their blog Data Colada — a troubling reminder that scientific integrity is never a given. The team, as well as many of the researchers who originally published the study, are now calling on the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the journal which first published the research, to retract it. The 2012 study claimed that if people were to sign an honesty declaration before — not after — a form about auto insurance, they were more likely to fill it out honestly. At least one insurance company adopted the method, according to BuzzFeed, and the practice has even been taught to corporate executives. But something about the numbers didn't look right, as the scientists behind the recent investigation found. Ariely, however, is maintaining his innocence. "I can see why it is tempting to think that I had something to do with creating the data in a fraudulent way," he told BuzzFeed. "I can see why it would be tempting to jump to that conclusion, but I didn’t." "If I knew that the data was fraudulent, I would have never posted it," he added. But troublingly, Ariely's account included conflicting answers. He also claimed that the insurance company that provided the allegedly made-up data to him no longer have access to the original records, according to BuzzFeed. The study was first called into question well over a year ago. Several of the 2012 study's original authors tried to reproduce the results some eight years after it was published, and found some unusual inconsistencies in the original data, causing them to ring the alarm bells. They even published an op-ed last March in the Scientific American titled "When We’re Wrong, It’s Our Responsibility as Scientists to Say So." Academics from Data Colada, an international team of data sleuths made up of three business school lecturers and professors, then pored over the newly released data which the study was based on and found something even more troubling. They found several signs that the data was fabricated, spotting mysterious uses of unexpected fonts in the Excel spreadsheet and data points that seemed conveniently distributed. "This is not what real data look like, and we can’t think of a plausible benign explanation for it," the Data Colada blog post reads. "There is very strong evidence that the data were fabricated," it concluded. Several of the original authors are now actively distancing themselves from the work, BuzzFeed reports. But whether they've learned their lesson remains to be seen. READ MORE: A Famous Honesty Researcher Is Retracting A Study Over Fake Data [BuzzFeed News] More on falsified data: Major COVID Drug Study Accused of Relying on Falsified Data Share This Article 
Are you happy with your internet and mobile providers? Few people are, but making a switch can be a huge hassle, which makes it easier to stick with the status quo. If that describes your situation, here's some extra incentive. Right now, you can get a $300 prepaid Visa card -- which is basically as good as cash -- when you bundle together Xfinity Internet and Mobile plans. Xfinity Internet and Mobile will give you the Internet speeds and cell service you need, with a variety of different plans and limited time deals that can fit your household. But with a $300 prepaid Visa on the table, there’s absolutely no reason not to consider switching your home Internet and mobile service. And amazingly, that’s not the end of the money back incentives currently being offered. For every additional line you add to your plan (for up to nine friends and family members, for instance), you’ll get an additional $100 prepaid Visa. That's an incredible deal. The first step towards getting your Internet and mobile service handled by Xfinity (and making some extra pocket money in the process) is to head over to the Xfinity site and see what deals they’re offering in your area. Once you find an Internet plan that fits you and your household, add in Xfinity Mobile within 30 days to get your $300 Visa Gift Card. Switching mobile providers can be an even bigger pain than switching up your Internet service provider, but Xfinity Mobile has made it as easy and painless as possible. If you don’t want to get rid of the phone you have now, you can make the switch without even leaving your house. Just request a free SIM card for your current phone, and activate it online, which takes less than ten minutes once you receive it. Whether you want to keep your current phone or get a new one, Xfinity Mobile has got you more than covered. Bring in (or activate online) your old phone for free with Xfinity Mobile, and they’ll throw in a $50 prepaid Visa. And if you do want to upgrade your current device, Xfinity Mobile is offering a free Moto One 5G Ace when you sign up. Just to put all these Visa prepaid incentives in perspective: If, hypothetically, you were the head of a large household who signed up for Xfinity Internet and Mobile with nine additional phone lines and kept your current phone, you could find yourself with a total of $1250 in prepaid Visa cards. And that’s not even counting all the money you could save compared to whoever your providers are now. So if you’re ready to make the switch to Xfinity Internet and Mobile, head over to the Xfinity site now to see the deals and rates currently available in your area. Share This Article 
You may have noticed that after your last trip to the art gallery that you felt better. Your mood was elevated and perhaps there may have even been a little spring in your step. You didn’t imagine that. It seems that exposure to art is great for the health of your brain.  The mere act of viewing art can release dopamine and endorphins—the same chemical response as falling in love. Perhaps it’s time to release those feel-good hormones in your own space. Yes, it’s true. You needn’t go anywhere near a gallery to still appreciate art. Thanks to Fine Art America, you can bring those pieces to you. They cater to all tastes, from those who love the richness of the Old Masters to those who prefer the modern abstractions of current day designers, from those who appreciate wildlife photography to those who derive joy from the whimsical, and pretty much everything in between. You will be enthralled to discover the works of hundreds of thousands of independent artists. From posters to paintings, framed prints, and canvas prints, you can shop for wall art by room, theme, medium, product type, and/or color palette. And if you have a hard time imagining what is going to look best on your wall, and which wall will benefit most, don’t worry! Fine Art America has an app for that! Its augmented reality-powered mobile app allows you to browse through millions of images from the world's greatest living artists and photographers and then envision what your selection is going to look like, hanging in your chosen location, before you commit to buying it. What’s more, if you are an up-and-coming artist looking for a platform to display and sell your work, Fine Art America gives artists the opportunity to showcase their pieces and do custom markups, unlike many other competitors. So if you’re looking to spruce up your space, be it your home, your office, really anywhere that has a wall that needs to be filled, Fine Art America will provide you with all the inspiration you need. Your artwork will be delivered directly to your door, wherever you may be in the world. You will love the museum-quality and appreciate the affordable price. Accessorize your life, and help support living artists all over the world. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The future of everything is do-it-yourself, from neat little time-saving projects to the autonomous vehicles of the future. And underlying all this futuristic tech will be modest little technology like the Arduino board. The Ultimate Arduino Coding Power Course Bundle will help you master the technology underlying the future, from first principles to bigger concepts. The bundle is listed at $2,600, and on sale for just $39.99 now. The 13 courses in the bundle are taught by Edouard Renard, who used Arduino to build a robot arm from scratch in 2016 as part of his robotics startup, and the team at Educational Engineering, including founder Ashraf Said, who design step-by-step courses to give you practical, effective skills in engineering fields. So what is Arduino? It’s a collection of microcontrollers that are easy to program and wire into various sensors to bring projects to life. Whether you’re building your own electronics, or want to make project “smart," knowing Arduino can elevate your work. This bundle shows you how, from first principles to bigger concepts. If you're completely new to Arduino and microcontrollers, you can start with a complete course for beginners that will take you through everything you need to know. You can follow it up with a complete course that walks you through over 30 projects, including building your own robot. From there, it's up to you. Learn how the boards are coded with courses in object-oriented programming and simulating the boards before you buy them. Build a piano or your own radar detector in independent projects. Discover how you can wire Arduino to other popular maker tools like the Raspberry Pi. You can even explore how to build your own custom boards and components to suit your project. You can also start building more advanced robots with courses in ROS 2, the Robot Operating System. Get the Ultimate Arduino Coding Power Course Bundle for $39.99 (reg. $2600). Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum have plenty of benefits. But as a digital asset, crypto is a constant target for hackers and other online threats. After all, unlike traditional currency, you can’t lock your crypto in a safe, or feel the weight of it in your pocket at all times. Or at least that used to be the case. Now, thanks to the Ledger Nano crypto wallet, you can. If you already own any cryptocurrency tokens, you know that what you really own is the private key that gives you access to your money. You might have already heard horror stories about crypto investors losing entire fortunes because they lost their key. That's where a hardware crypto wallet from Ledger comes in. It's is the best way to make sure you don't become a victim. The Ledger Nano S is the world’s most popular hardware cryptocurrency wallet for a reason. It lets you secure, buy, and grow all your crypto holdings in the palm of your hand when used in conjunction with the Ledger Live mobile app. Ledger Nano S supports Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Bitcoin Cash, EOS, Stellar and many other crypto applications, and you can install up to three at a time depending on your own personal storage needs. With the Ledger Nano S, you can keep your crypto wallet completely secure and offline, where only you have access to it. And with Ledger Live, you can buy, sell, and trade anywhere you go, anytime. The Ledger Nano S is designed to be user-friendly for crypto beginners, so if you’re not an experienced investor, it’s the best hardware crypto wallet you can buy. It’s safer and more secure than a traditional smartphone or online wallet, and it’s affordably priced at $59. However, if you’re an experienced power user, you may want to opt for the more advanced Ledger Nano X. The Ledger Nano X is just as secure as the Nano S, and works with the Ledger Live app in the same way. But it also boasts more advanced features, like Bluetooth connectivity, a larger screen, and more storage capacity. Where the Nano S can only handle three apps at a time, the Nano X can store up to 100 crypto apps at once, giving you a complete crypto arsenal for round-the-clock trading. The Ledger Nano X is the ideal Ledger wallet for experienced crypto investors. So if you already know your way around the world of cryptocurrency it’s probably a better choice than the Nano S. And it’s priced at just $119. Ledger has recently launched a new discover section which lets users of its wallet interact with various defi applications from the security and comfort of their Ledger Live application. Applications include: - Paraswap: Trade tokens through the decentralised liquidity aggregator Paraswap, ensuring you get the best price on the market across all the venues in DeFi. - Lido Finance: Lido lets users earn yields as high as 5% on their ethereum. It does this by earning yield from the ETH2 deposit contract and offering users the ability to earn high yield of the contract with the benefit of liquidity. - Zerion: Zerion is the one place to manage all your defi. It offers an intuitive dashboard so you can manage everything from your loans, NFTs and yield farming activities. - Rainbow: View all your NFTs from your ledger in an intuitive UI Whether the Ledger Nano S or the Ledger Nano X are right for you, you can click here to get all the information you need at the official Ledger. So don't wait. Protect your cryptocurrency holdings today with Ledger Nano. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Very few things are more important to your health than getting enough sleep. Studies show that we need  roughly 7 hours nightly to avoid health risks like cardiovascular disease, memory loss, slowed reaction times, irritability, anxiety, obesity, high blood pressure, and diabetes. However, new information published by Scientific Reports says not only do adults need to get enough sleep every night but to benefit from getting enough sleep they need to maintain consistent sleep routines. If you're getting enough sleep but still don't seem to be rested, then you should know about the Hatch Restore Smart Sleep Assistant. Hatch Restore Smart Sleep Assistant is everything you want in a device that both lulls you to sleep and gently wakes you. It combines a smart light, sound machine, sunrise alarm, wind-down meditations, and an alarm clock all into one easy-to-use bedside device. It's designed to help you create a personalized routine to help you fall asleep, stay asleep & wake up refreshed. Restore works with the free companion Hatch Sleep App, and makes it easy to personalize a routine that helps you fall asleep faster, stay asleep, and wake up feeling refreshed. You can set a just-right reading light, select a soundscape that helps you wind down, schedule white noise to last throughout the night, and more. You choose the sounds, light hues, and order of your routine. And you can change it any time as you learn more about what brings you the best sleep of your life. You can also use Restore to set a mood with the perfect light or soothing sound any time you need it. What makes the Hatch Restore Smart Sleep Assistant so revolutionary is the Sleep App and Membership. In it, you will find powerful sleep content designed for every part of your sleep routine, helping you make great sleep something you don't just dream about. The Sleep App & Membership make it easier than ever to fine tune your self-care routine because taking care of yourself starts with taking care of your sleep. Your Hatch Sleep Membership makes it easy to build healthy habits while also discovering your favorite way to unwind. Its library of 100s of stories and sounds helps you create a bedtime environment for better, deeper sleep. That's because sleep isn't one size fits all, and with the Hatch Sleep App & Membership, you can finally find what works for you. Their expertly curated content is designed to help you de-stress before bed, stay asleep through the wee hours, and wake up gently in the morning. When you purchase your Hatch Restore Smart Sleep Assistant, you'll get hassle-free 2-day shipping & free returns. Not only that, but they also offer a 6-night money-back guarantee. That means you get to sleep and wake up with Rest family products for 60 nights in your own home. If you're not convinced it's your best sleep ever, they’ll take it back, no questions asked. Plus, every purchase of Hatch Restore Smart Sleep Assistant comes with a 1-year warranty, so if something goes wrong, you're covered. So don't wait. Revolutionize your sleep routine with the Hatch Restore Smart Sleep Assistant. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Getting some sleep isn't just about waking up bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. How you sleep and what kind of sleep you get can make an enormous difference for both your physical and mental health. The GhostBed® Luxe 13" Cooling Mattress ensures you get better sleep by giving you control over the temperature of your bed. Listed at $2,245, it's on sale now for just $1,366.99. The Ghostbed is beloved by critics, including Consumer Reports, Sleep Foundation, and Mattress Nerd due to its cooling design built around the proprietary Ghost Ice fabric. Ghost Ice moves heat away from the sleeper, putting an end to sweaty nights without sleep. Each mattress has seven layers to regulate comfort and temperature, with Ghost Ice Fabric, cooling fiber, two layers of gel memory foam with a Ghost Ice layer in between, a Ghost Bounce layer, and a high density support foam layer. This keeps heat from collecting while offering a supportive, comfortable mattress. It's also easy to set up. Ghostbed was one of the first companies to send mattresses through the mail, so you get your mattress at your doorstep without having to try and lug it home. It's carefully sized to fit any standard queen bed, whether you've got a boxspring, a slatted frame, or an adjustable. You won't need any special sheets, either, as your preferred linens will already fit. Just set it up, make your bed, and enjoy cooler, more comfortable sleep. And you'll rest easier with the 20-year manufacturer's warranty. Get the GhostBed® Luxe 13" Cooling Mattress for $1,366.99 (reg. $2,245) and for a limited time, you'll earn a $10 store credit to go with your restful sleep if you spend at least $50 in-store, sent to your account 14 days after your purchase, as long as your total is over $50 after any returns. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Thanks to cell phones, we never have to wait by the phone for an important call. They're always with us. Unfortunately, this also means that the call you've been waiting for might come at an inopportune time. We've all been there, asking politely to return a call we should have been expecting--so we can get out of the loud public area we're in--to have a more discreet conversation. However, doing that is hardly professional and totally a waste of your precious time. If you want to have the freedom to take discreet calls, with privacy, wherever you are, then you need to hear about Hushme Classic. Hushme Classic lets you speak privately and quietly anywhere you want. That's because Hushme is designed so that you can block out external noise interference while also being able to speak safely and discreetly. Wearing the mask dampens your voice loudness so you can play video games at night, make calls, work in open space environments, learn how to speak languages online, or use it on public transportation without anyone ever hearing a word you're saying. It does this by reducing the intelligibility of your speech for the outside listener, because your voice becomes muffled when wearing it. Hushme's noise-canceling technology means you can say goodbye to children’s screaming or people talking around you. With Hushme Classic, you'll never suffer from noise leaking into the microphone during your calls ever again. Hushme Classic is the headset that can make all your calls private and discreet. How it works is simple. you start by connecting the headset to your phone via Bluetooth technology or wired connection via minijack cable. Even though Hushme is built to allow you to have private conversations, it has two modes, Headset Mode and Mask Mode. In Hushme's Headset Mode you can put the device around your neck as a hands-free headset while either speaking on a phone or listening to music. In the device's Mask Mode, Hushme is locked over the mouth so the conversation you're having becomes confidential. It seamlessly integrates with your phone, keeping your conversations private. Hushme Classic's innovative mouth cover provides you with a comfortable and sharp-looking protective environment designed to keep your conversations private, without disturbing the peace of people you're sharing space with. Hushme is designed for people who need to communicate on the move. We no longer step into phone booths to have conversations in private. These days, the whole world is our phone booth thanks to cell phones. Now, with Hushme Classic, you can have important conversations throughout the day knowing they will remain secret no matter where you are. Speaking of where you are, when you're stuck at work and need to get on an important call, you won't have to worry about background chatter from coworkers when using Hushme. Most importantly, you'll never be the loud, annoying guy taking a call in the co-working kitchen. And even when you are, nobody will know if you're talking about highly sensitive work details or with a friend. Hushme's also perfect for the gamer who wants to play all night without bothering anyone at home. You can stay connected to your team and complete your missions while everyone else sleeps. So what are you waiting for, improve your calls and protect your privacy with Hushme Classic. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We all have times where we need to get focused and get things done at work, and sometimes, a good playlist and a set of headphones aren't going to cut it. FOCI is a wearable that not only helps keep you on track, it helps you better understand how and when you focus best over time. It's on sale now for 31% off at just $89.  FOCI is simple to use. Download the app, clip it your waistband, with the wearable against your hip, and start working. FOCI will begin collecting data on your breathing patterns, using deep learning and cutting-edge research to determine your emotional state. If it detects you're stressed, unfocused, or otherwise not at your best, it'll give you a slight vibrating nudge to break you out of the pattern and get back to what's important. You can check what it thinks you're feeling any time simply by opening the app and checking the colored orb. And since it lasts a week on a single charge, you won't have to worry about adding yet another wearable to your routine.  Over time, FOCI will track how you're working from minute to minute and day to day, and pull useful data from what it documents. It'll show you when you're most focused, and when to schedule must-do tasks. Conversely it'll also tell you when you're most distracted, tense, or mentally fatigued so you can either remove those problem areas or plan around them. It also helps coach you to become more focused and productive. The AI Mind Coach offers real-time guidance to get back on track in the moment, helping to break distraction cycles and address problems like fatigue before they impact the rest of your life. Paired with meditation and mindfulness, you can get into a deep work mode and then unplug when you most need to. In recommending FOCI, CNET wrote, "Get your mind back to the tasks at hand," and we couldn't agree more.  Get FOCI for $89 (reg. $129).  Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Apple has big plans for AirPods, including giving them literal self-awareness. What it oddly is not interested in is making your AirPods easier to use with your Mac. Sure, you can connect them to your Mac, but it treats them like just another set of Bluetooth headphones, without any of iOS' useful features. AirBuddy fills that gap and unites your Mac and AirPods with one click, and coordinates battery usage across your other gear as well. Listed at $10, it's on sale now for just $8.99. Rated 4.5/5 stars by verified purchasers, AirBuddy starts with one-click connection between your AirPods and your Mac. Just install AirBuddy, connect, and then open your AirPods case nearby to see the level of charge and current status for your AirPods or Beats. Or you can set up a keyboard shortcut so you can pop open the window any time, perfect for moments when you need to discreetly check your battery level. You can also configure keyboard shortcuts for listening modes, so when you need to shut out the world, you can just tap and go. There's more to the app than just headphone control, however. First of all, if you've got a lot of battery-powered items, like an Apple Watch, Magic Mouse, or other Apple Gear, AirBuddy has a menu bar you can use to track how powered up they are. And, over time, you'll be able to see battery usage statistics to spot devices that need to be replaced, or drains on your power supply. Keyboard shortcuts for device status and automatic connection ensure you're always up and running. AirBuddy also enables easy sharing of Magic Mice and other wireless accessories with Magic Handoff. All you need is another Mac with AirBuddy installed, and you can swap them over with a click. It's great for co-working spaces or anyone with multiple Macs who doesn't want to buy multiple sets of Magic accessories. Get AirBuddy for $8.99 (reg. $10). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Let's face it. Cannabis is more popular (and some would say cooler) than ever. The use of marijuana and CBD products, both medically and recreationally, is fast becoming the norm. However, explaining the intricacies of the cannabis plant and the products that are made from it can be difficult. Fortunately, a new company called Goldleaf is producing slick-looking cannabis-themed charts and infographics to inform users and dispel myths about pot and CBD. Their detailed cannabis art includes educational, evocative designs that look great and provide valuable information to educate and enlighten. With all of the myths and misconceptions surrounding cannabis, it’s easy to miss the forest for the trees. Goldleaf exists to bring a clear and credible perspective on cannabis by pairing compelling design with the latest peer-reviewed research. Unfortunately, society's scientific understanding of cannabis was stunted by decades of draconian drug laws. Even though public perception is finally starting to catch up with all the positive uses for cannabis, there’s so much information coming in all the time, it can be difficult to understand. As a trusted authority in the realm of cannabis research, Goldleaf cites only the most respected experts in their work. Cannabis research is evolving quickly, which is why they often create art in small batches. This way they can stay in step with current findings and easily update any of their prints to align with the most recent cannabis data available. By elevating a more thoughtful, educated, and eye-catching perspective, Goldleaf hopes they can continue to shift the conversation towards a more holistic future. Goldleaf's CBD v. THC Comparison Chart Art Print is a clean and modern infographic that will help you identify an effective starting point for the treatment of twenty common ailments. With a focus on two of the most helpful and studied cannabinoids, this art print indicates which medical symptoms usually respond best to CBD, THC, and from a combination of the two cannabinoids. This print is a useful way to educate yourself, your friends, or your patients on how to distinguish between the use of CBD and THC. Thanks to its visually simplistic design, this print displays beautifully in medical offices, dispensaries, or the homes of cannabis enthusiasts. This art print comes on a thick matte-finish archival paper using an ultra-high-quality press for vibrant colors and brilliant resolution. It is available in two sizes, with or without hanging rails. Goldleaf cares deeply about the quality and footprint of its products. They work tirelessly to source their wares as close to home as possible with many of their items crafted regionally. They also strive to utilize the most environmentally friendly materials and processes available within their industry. Additionally, they ship using carbon offset methods to leave less of a carbon footprint, such as carefully sourced stocks. Goldleaf puts great care and love into products like their CBD v. THC Comparison Chart Art Print, and if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they offer a 15-day return policy. To qualify, items must be in new and unused condition. They also offer free shipping on domestic orders over $35, and always ship with quality discreet packaging. Click here to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to a recent survey of finance industry executives by consulting giant Deloitte, digital assets will likely replace fiat currencies in five to ten years — and banks should take notice. "Deloitte’s 2021 Global Blockchain Survey affirms that banks should embrace their inevitable digital future," the report reads. "In a seismic shift, financial leaders increasingly see digital assets as the future." Some 76 percent of respondents said they believe "digital assets will serve as a strong alternative to, or outright replacement for, fiat currencies in the next 5–10 years." The report is a strong indication that a digital asset revolution could be soon be upon us — and that those who won't follow the trend risk losing out. More and more money is being permanently stored in the form of digital assets, leading to both institutions and investors looking at ways to adopt new ways to do so. The report is a strong indication that changes are coming, whether the industry is ready or not. "Participation in the age of digital assets is not an option, it is inevitable," the report concludes. "Leaders are left only to decide how to use digital assets and the new global financial service infrastructure to their greatest advantage." READ MORE: Crypto assets could replace fiat currencies within as little as 5 years, financial execs tell Deloitte [Insider] More on crypto: Feds Smashed Armored Vehicle Through Wall During Bitcoin Raid Share This Article 
An alleged email leak appears to show the United Launch Alliance, a prominent SpaceX competitor, plotting to spread damaging conspiracy theories about SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. The authenticity of the emails has yet to be confirmed, though Ars Technica is reporting that they "appear to be legitimate." And ULA spokeswoman Jessica Rye told Futurism that "we will not comment at this time but are taking this alleged cyber crime seriously." "While we are continuing to thoroughly investigate, we have no evidence to suggest any ULA accounts or systems have been breached," Rye added. The emails, first surfaced by Backchannel — no, not Steven Levy's Backchannel, but a just-launched Substack that only has two posts — show an apparent email conversation between ULA VP Robbie Sabethier and Hasan Solomon, a lobbyist at the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. In the email exchanges, Solomon and Sabethier appear to discuss a larger conspiracy theory about Musk, claiming that the billionaire was conspiring with former president Donald Trump and that Musk is a supporter of the Chinese Communist Party and its interests. According to the leaked documents, Musk was actively being lenient and subservient to Chinese regulators at Tesla, while publicly fighting off US regulators. "Large NASA taxpayer investments are being thrown away due to the cozy relationship established by Trump political hacks throughout NASA," Sabathier wrote in an April email, according to the leaks. "The US Government’s deep space exploration program is at risk: This large program which is the baseline for deep space exploration is being threatened due to political favors being offered to Elon Musk." Sabathier also called NASA leadership "incompetent and unpredictable." Neither ULA or SpaceX have responded to Futurism's requests for comment. Overall, it's difficult what to make of the leak. The leaker could certainly have their own motivations, as Backchannel points out. If the email exchanges turn out to be entirely fabricated, the leaker could be attempting to throw ULA under the bus. Or it's possible that the leaker is trying to bring dirt on Musk to light, albeit not very convincingly. And to be fair, Musk has plenty of enemies that could directly benefit from damaging information emerging about him. NASA's recent decision to exclude competitors and choose SpaceX exclusively for its Human Landing Systems contract raised eyebrows in the industry and incensed Blue Origin. In fact, the alleged emails were exchanged just after NASA announced its decision in April, as Ars points out. If the emails are legitimate, however, it's also possible that the leaker may be attempting to tarnish ULA's reputation by drawing attention to its underhanded attempts to undermine SpaceX. It's also worth noting that little love has been lost between Musk and ULA CEO Tony Bruno, who whiplashed between a brief bromance and spats on social media. The harsh reality is that ULA has had a difficult time keeping up with SpaceX's massive strides in recent years. SpaceX has won several large government contracts, putting increased pressure on ULA to keep costs down to stay competitive, according to Ars. We'll update this story as soon as we know more about the alleged leaks. READ MORE: In leaked email, ULA official calls NASA leadership “incompetent” [Ars Technica] More on ULA and SpaceX: Elon Musk Bitterly Feuds With CEO He Was Joking With Literally Yesterday Share This Article 
One of the best innovations of the last year or so has been the euphoric beverage, which offer the elevated mood and better social connections associated with alcohol, but without the blackouts, hangovers, or addictive side effects. Some of the best non alcoholic euphorics around are being made by Kin, and the latest Kin product, Kin Lightwave, is no exception. Kin Lightwave combines lavender-vanilla, birch, and smoked sea salts into a unique flavor combination that accompanies its euphoric properties in a truly delicious fashion. Reishi Mushroom, Saffron, L-Tryptophan and Passionflower are among the active ingredients that give Lightwave those properties, and enjoyers of this unique beverage have reported effects including a sense of calm, clearer thinking, and better social connections -- and, to be clear, no hangovers. How can a drink like Kin Lightwave exist? If you really want to learn how it works, you have to try it for yourself. But if you prefer to get more technical about it, you may be interested to know that the active ingredients that make Lightwave work fall into three categories: adaptogens, nootropics, and botanics. Reishi Mushroom and Passionflower are the adaptogens that give Kin Lightwave the ability to boost your adrenal system and give your body more balanced and healthy stress responses. Nootropics in Lightwave include L-Theanine, L-Serine, L-Tryptophan, and Magnesium Glycinate and they can give your brain a much needed boost. And botanics like Lavender Extract, Cinnamon, Saffron, and Gentian Root provide flavor and aroma as well as a feeling of calm and relaxation, plus a handy boost to your body's immune system. As part of the Kin line of euphoric beverages, Lightwave represents its own unique experience for those who choose to enjoy it. It can make a formidable substitute for alcohol, and was engineered to confer a sense of “grounding calm” to both your mind and your spirit. It's billed as  “a functional beverage for modern rituals," and if you feel your modern rituals could use a new functional beverage, Kin Lightwave may be just what you're looking for. Crack open a can of Kin Lightwave and you'll likely find a sense of calm, a boost to your brainpower, and better, clearer social interactions. If you enjoy it as much as many others already have, you might find yourself drinking two or three at a time.But pace yourself; the recommended 24-hour limit is four cans. If you're ready to give Kin Lightwave a try, head over to the Kin online store here, where you can also get information on the Kin's other non alcoholic euphoric beverages: Kin Dream Light, Kin Spritz, and Kin High Rhode. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
More and more, video is becoming central to both our private lives and how we engage with others for business. Yet producing, shooting, and editing video is a time-consuming and expensive process that many of us don't have time for. FlexClip Lifetime for Business streamlines the production process so you can create great videos from stock clips and your own footage quickly and easily. Valued at $1,799 — it's on sale now for just $147.99. Easy To Use FlexClip is built around a simple drag-and-drop interface right in Chrome, Firefox, or Safari. You can draw from the library of millions of stock photos, clips, and music, or add your own. Start by choosing a template from a growing library of over 1,000 and getting your clips in the order that you want them. Then choose the text you want, add any media, insert any animations you might want to add, put in some music, trim it to your liking, and export. The interface makes it simple to do exactly what you want with each element of your video, every step of the way, right down to using your own watermark. Easy To Distribute Once you're done, getting your video out there is easy as well. FlexClip Business, rated 4.6/5 stars on TrustPilot with 700+ reviews, offers 100 GB of cloud storage, and simple online sharing and publishing. You can back up your footage in folders as well, so you can download your completed video anywhere you have a browser. And since there's no limit to the projects you can save online, your video library is always ready to go and ready to tweak at a moment's notice. Get FlexClip Lifetime Business for $147.99 (reg. $1,799) or 91% off. And for a limited time, you'll earn a $10 store credit if you spend at least $50 in-store, which will be credited to your account 14 days after your purchase, as long as your total exceeds $50 after any returns. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Investing services aren’t exactly cheap. So what's someone like you supposed to do when you want to invest your hard-earned money? Hiring a financial advisor can be pricey since most base their fees on how much of your money they're managing. This means their fees can range from 0.25-to-1 percent of what you’re investing overall, which can add up pretty quickly. But what if you could manage your money yourself with the help of an investment guidance team working toward one goal - to beat the market? A team that will send you not only the hottest stock tips, but also provide you with what they believe are the strongest investment options and the research to back it up? If you’ve been looking for a financial subscription service to do just that, then you need to know about the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, a service with an average stock pick return of over 590%*. Motley Fool Stock Advisor is a stock-picking subscription service created and backed by investing guru and founder of The Motley Fool, Tom Gardner. This subscription service is designed to help you gain wealth over time. Motley Fool Stock Advisor uses Tom’s endless knowledge of investing to help you build and boost your own financial portfolio with exclusive tips you can only find through the Stock Advisor Subscription Plan. After signing up, you’ll receive two monthly stock tips from Motley Fool's award-winning analyst team. In addition to your monthly stock tips, you receive a breakdown of why these stocks were chosen and why these expert analysts think it could generate a return. Plus, you're also sent any additional information you may need to know before choosing to invest your money that month. Building your portfolio starts by joining Motley Fool Stock Advisor for an introductory yearly fee of only $99 for new members. Once you commit to investing in recommendations from founder Tom Gardner and his award-winning team, your real investing education begins. Each month you'll be sent two curated stock picks that have been expertly vetted and researched by their skilled analyst team. But that's not all. Every member of the Motley Fool subscription service also gains access to the library of expert stock recommendations inside the service, each carefully aimed at multiplying your net worth. In addition to everything else, you’ll also receive a breakdown of new investment trends. This way you can stay on top of more than just your personal portfolio, but investing at large. Most importantly, Stock Advisor is designed so you can spend about five minutes each month managing your portfolio, so overseeing your money doesn't become your full-time job. With Stock Advisor, Tom Gardner envisioned a streamlined investing process that eliminates the so-called tactics Wall Street wants you to think go hand-in-hand with investing your money. This is why the average Stock Advisor pick has a return of over 590%*. This is why Tom offers a membership-fee-back guarantee for the first month of your membership fee. That's right. If you sign up for Stock Advisor today and decide it’s not for you within the first 30-days, they’ll return your introductory $99 membership fee, no questions asked. So don't wait. Become a member of the investment team that will help you invest your money like a pro. Join Motley Fool’s Stock Advisor, and take the first step towards creating the portfolio of your dreams. *Returns as of August 4th, 2021 Share This Article 
Car engineer and critic Sandy Munro recently got a demo of Ford's hands-free driving feature BlueCruise. And he wasn't exactly impressed. In a recent video, Munro had a chat with lead engineer Chris Billman, chief engineer at Ford Driver Assist Technologies, while testing out the new feature. "All in all, it was OK," Munro told Billman in the video after taking the car for a ride. "But I guess I've been spoiled by watching what Tesla has been doing with the Full Self Driving  (FSD) Beta. That is really impressive." The video also caught the attention of Tesla CEO Elon Musk, who — surprisingly — downplayed Tesla's progress. "FSD Beta 9.2 is actually not great [in my opinion], but Autopilot/AI team is rallying to improve as fast as possible," Musk tweeted. "Just drove FSD Beta 9.3 from Pasadena to LAX. Much improved!" he added. It was a striking moment of humility, especially given that Tesla just held its AI Day, during which the billionaire boasted about how far Tesla had come. Counter to what its name suggests, Tesla's Full Self-Driving feature, a $10,000 option, doesn't actually allow Teslas to drive themselves — though it certainly is making strides. That's especially evident given Munro's review of BlueCruise, which is also allowing drivers to take a little break and take their hands off the wheel. But the FSD beta does take things quite a bit further by automatically allowing the vehicle to switch lanes, take highway on and off ramps, and even navigate traffic intersections and city streets. Ford's BlueCruise feature is far less intrusive. It balked sending Munro around slightly steeper curves on the highway during the test drive, asking him to take control each time. The engineer noted that Tesla's Autopilot never turned off when doing the same. Tesla's FSD beta rollout has been highly controversial, with critics arguing owners are being used as guinea pigs to test out unproven — and "actually not great," in Musk's words — self-driving features on public roads. In fact, even Ford executives took the opportunity to criticize Tesla for the rollout. But whether drivers actually want or should have access to that much autonomy is arguable. Tesla's Autopilot feature, the part of the company's self-driving suite that comes standard, has been involved in several high profile crashes, culminating in an official National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) investigation that was announced last week. Ford and Tesla's approaches are strikingly different. Ford uses infrared to check that the driver is actually paying attention to the road ahead. Tesla relies on an easily spoofed steering wheel sensor. It's a race to give drivers unprecedented amounts of autonomy and a break from driving. But such autonomy comes with a price. Whether carmakers in the US are learning their lessons remains to be seen — but a lot can be said about taking it one small step at a time. More on FSD: US Gov Investigating Tesla Autopilot for Crashing Into Emergency Vehicles Share This Article 
Every time you smile, you're sharing a little slice of happiness with the world — but you're also telling the world the story of your teeth.  Maybe you had braces as a teenager. Maybe you're a coffee fiend who requires a fresh cup of joe to kick off your day. And maybe, at some point, you tried the whole teeth strip whitening trend years ago, and you just gave up on the whole thing: it just wasn't worth the hassle.  Sometimes our dental history isn't always that pretty, like the time your wisdom teeth crowded your mouth and shifted a few teeth out of place, or, you know, the coffee finally caught up to you. Effective teeth whitening is life-changing, but it's also expensive—and you can just forget about it if you have sensitive teeth.  But there is a way to illuminate your smile, light up your confidence and show the world your true shine. All it takes is one word: Snow.  Snow's proprietary technology offers the advanced whitening power of a dental office from the comfort of your own home. For as little as nine minutes a day, you'll see illustrious results in a matter of days. Yes, you heard that right: days.  Snow is powered by an advanced whitening system that combines whitening wands filled with a proprietary whitening serum with an activating LED light that lifts the years right off your teeth. The LED light features a plug-in phone system that allows you to lighten up wherever you are—just ask Miss Universe 2017, Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters.  Demi-Leigh isn't the only global superstar who fell in love with Snow: there's a four-time Super Bowl winner who swears by Snow. "No lie, after the 6th or 7th day, there it was — my teeth were shining," says legendary tight end Rob Gronkowski. "My teeth were whiter."  Demi-Leigh and Rob are world champions in entirely different professions, but what they share is a love for whiter smiles to share with the world. That's why they and thousands of others have embraced Snow, the best at-home teeth whitening system on the market. Just ask these world champions: they have a certain standard of excellence that only Snow will meet.  It's not just celebrities who are buzzing about Snow—dentists choose Snow as the finest at-home whitening system out there.  "This is Dr. Marashi’s pick for a full-on system," writes a Byrdie review. “'It combines a special wavelength of light delivered via the mouthpiece, combined with the whitening gel. The light activates the gel to effectively break down dark colors that are staining your teeth,' he explains. It’s a fan-favorite on Amazon, too, repeatedly pulling in five-star reviewers with customers commenting on how well it works and how it’s worth the price."  Enhance your smile and make it sublime with the illuminating wonders of Snow. Try a Snow Teeth Whitening Kit today and start lighting up your smile so you can show the world your true shine. Available now at a discount for $129, this exclusive whitening kit includes three whitening wands, original LED lighting technology, and… and extra wand for free! Join this lovely smile club and brighten your smile with a little Snow today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When Neuralink co-founder Max Hodak announced his enigmatic departure from the company earlier this year, it was unclear whether he quit due to disagreements with fellow co-founder Elon Musk or if he was fired for moving too slow on clinical trials. Now, Futurism has learned, Hodak is working on what appears to be a well-funded new brain interface venture called Science Corp. According to an SEC filing from July, Hodak has already raised more than $47 million from 14 investors for the new company — not quite as much as Neuralink’s $363 million to date, but a rousing start that could signal growing competition in the nascent neurotech market. Moreover, Hodak appears to be taking some talent from Neuralink with him. Alan Mardinly, Neuralink's longtime director of biology, recently changed his LinkedIn account to say that he has been working at a "stealth startup" since July 2021 and left his position at Neuralink in August 2021 — and posted a link to Science Corp's hiring page along with an exhortation to "join early," strongly suggesting that he’s on board the venture. A Neuralink hardware engineer named Corey Wolin also appears to have moved to Science Corp, ending his relationship with Neuralink on LinkedIn and posting a link to the same hiring page. "We’re hiring!" Wolin wrote. "Opportunity to join early at a new startup working at the intersection of biology and electronics." If you know anything about what Science Corp is working on, we’d love to hear from you. You can email the author of this story at simon_reporting@protonmail.com. Though none of the former Neuralink employees would comment on the record, their research backgrounds and the company’s hiring page offer numerous clues that Science Corp is likely focusing on neuroscience tech that leverages gene-editing and optogenetics, a field of biology that uses light to interact with neurons, as the foundation for its work. Mardinly’s previous research projects, for instance, involved using biological light-sensing receptors to read and encode brain activity. And the company’s hiring page is seeking specialists in areas including CRISPR gene-editing technology, the mass-production of stem cells, optics design, and surgical tool development — a menu which, all told, suggests similar work to Neuralink but with a deeper interest in bioengineering. Hodak and the other former Neuralink employees may have ditched the mercurial Musk — unless he’s quietly helping fund Science Corp — but they’ve already accumulated some eccentric bedfellows at the new venture. The most notable is Jed McCaleb, the founder of the infamous cryptocurrency exchange Mt. Gox, which in 2014 — after McCaleb’s departure, but while he remained a minority shareholder — became the target of a hack in which attackers stole 850,000 bitcoin, a haul that would be worth more than $40 billion at today’s prices. McCaleb, who is now listed as director of Science Corp, later became embroiled in ongoing SEC litigation for Ripple Labs, where he served as CTO of another blockchain project. He is currently serving as CTO of the cryptocurrency startup Stellar. Now that he’s in the brain interface business, McCaleb — who, like the former Neuralink employees, declined to comment — may also be looping in yet another project, the Astera Institute, a nonprofit that says it’s focused on "revolutionary engineering developments.” "Our focus is on R&D with multiplier-effect potential for civilization," reads the Astera Institute’s site. "We work in the innovation ‘valley of death’ shepherding novel engineering towards the light of day." "There’s a reason that moonshots and Manhattan projects have been the domain of governments," the site continues, ominously referencing the United States program that developed the first atomic bomb. "However we believe that bold engineering should not be left entirely to the state or the market — there exists a critical niche in the system, an alternate organizational model where resources can be strategically deployed for maximum effect and engineers freed from the incentives of profit and reputation." According to a talk given by McCaleb in June of this year, the Astera Institute is looking to validate machine learning models for brain activity. Circumstantially, it seems likely that Astera is involved with — or possibly bankrolling — Hodak’s work at Science Corp. At Neuralink, Hodak was tasked with running the company’s operations, including receiving approval for clinical trials in people with paralysis. In 2020, several former Neuralink employees complained to STAT News about unrealistic expectations and a push to clinical trials which still haven’t materialized a year later. A source familiar with the situation emphasized that Hodak was not working on Science Corp during his time at Neuralink. The new venture also seems to have already locked down a substantial research facility, according to the SEC filing, which lists an address in Alameda, CA that appears to include more than 21,000 square feet of space. Moving from Neuralink to Science Corp, Hodak is moving from one controversial billionaire in Elon Musk to a new crew of colorful personalities. Whether that dynamic will create the type of public rivalry Musk is known for is anyone’s guess — but regardless, it will be fascinating to see whether it can reach clinical trials before Neuralink, which has already been beaten out by a 20-person startup called Synchron. More on Neuralink: Did Elon Musk Quietly Fire the President of Neuralink? Share This Article 
Getting restorative sleep on a regular basis is extremely important. Without it, your physical and cognitive performance is guaranteed to suffer. And getting low-quality sleep for a long period can significantly impact your health. But thanks to the team of scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective, it's easier than ever to get the rest your body needs. After years of researching sleep and cognition, they've created a revolutionary sleep support supplement called Qualia Night that will help your body get the deep, restorative sleep it needs to operate at its best. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15-percent discount.) While we are asleep, our brains and our bodies are both very active. The body uses this time to repair cells and synthesize proteins and hormones, while the brain refreshes neurons and clears out waste and toxic chemicals from the central nervous system. And while performing these tasks, your body utilizes a very specific set of nutrients. That’s where Neurohacker Collective's Qualia Night comes in. Unlike traditional sleeping pills, Qualia Night does not contain pharmaceutical sedatives, and is not designed to elicit heavy drowsiness. Instead it is meant for healthy people simply looking to improve the quality of their sleep each night. It helps your body achieve a deep, restful sleep by using a patent-pending blend of raw materials that: – Support the creation and use of melatonin, a hormone that regulates your circadian rhythm by signaling to your brain that it is time to sleep. – Support the creation and use of brain-derived neurotrophic factor, or BDNF, a protein that protects and supports the growth of new neurons, which is essential for memory, learning, and critical thinking. – Feed healthy gut bacteria so they can produce key molecules required for healthy brain and immune function, a relationship known as the gut-brain axis. – Support the production and function of stem cells, which play a vital role in repair and regeneration. – Support stress response by providing crucial adaptogens, which are herbal substances that contribute to the stabilization of physiological processes and the promotion of homeostasis. – Support the creation and use of gamma aminobutyric acid, or GABA, a naturally occurring neurotransmitter that inhibits certain brain signals and decreases activity in your nervous system. – Help regulate the production of cortisol, which is the body’s primary stress hormone. The result is a deeper, more restorative sleep that results in more energy, better cognition, stronger immune function, and enhanced brain health. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15-percent discount.) Best of all, Qualia Night is backed by a 100-day money back guarantee, so there's no risk to try it. And right now, you get 15-percent off the regular price when you use the discount code PROD15 at checkout. If you're not getting the deep sleep you need, your body might be trying to tell you something. So click here to see what Qualia Night can do for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
To sustain a population of 9.7 billion people by 2050 the world is going to need innovations that make careful use of the available resources, human and environmental. Key industry sectors such as energy, water, agriculture and transport are already under pressure to move to more sustainable methods of production and consumption. However, there are barriers in the way. One of these lies in how the world manages the creation and ownership of inventions and ideas. A protectionist approach to intellectual property is designed to protect and prolong the lifecycle of existing technologies, and allow innovators to capture the profits from their creations. In a paper published with colleagues from universities in Germany and India, we examined how this also makes it harder for new and more sustainable technologies to be developed and adopted. That explains why there are now other approaches being used to move key sectors to more sustainable systems and end this status quo. Electric car manufacturer Tesla, has been doing just that. Tesla CEO Elon Musk “shocked” the world in 2014 when he announced that his company was joining the open source movement and giving away its patents for free. It is important to understand the rationale here. Why would a company that had worked so hard to develop and protect its technology from its global car manufacturer competitors suddenly give its technology away for free? Tesla initially developed a patent portfolio to protect its technology. However, Tesla’s concern that it would be overwhelmed once established car makers ramped up their production of electric cars never came to pass. Instead, it saw the electric car market stagnate at less than 1% of total vehicle sales. So Tesla changed its strategy from trying to prevent others from building electric cars to trying to encourage them into the market. Part of the reasoning here is that if more electric cars are built, then more battery recharging stations will be built too. This would make electric cars become more visible, and a more conventional choice. Tesla believes that an open intellectual property strategy can strengthen rather than diminish its position by building the size of the electric car market, and as a result, build its own share of the total automotive market. This kind of careful management of intellectual property at company level, supported by policy-level awareness, can be a powerful way to support the same kinds of transitions to more sustainable technologies in other industries too. Power companies need to adapt. Image Credit: Chiu Ho-yang/Flickr, CC BY-NC-SA Energy supply faces an array of difficulties: the depletion of natural resources; air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions; nuclear risks; and security of supply. The water supply sector is restricted by water scarcity, pollutants, extreme environmental events such as flooding and costs associated with supplying water to communities in poor countries and remote communities. The agri-food sector, meanwhile, is under pressure to sustainably produce more food and to address malnutrition in poor countries. For these industries to navigate a path around these problems, new knowledge and the innovations that follow will be essential. And in knowledge economies, intellectual property can either be an enabler or an inhibitor. If the ownership of intellectual property is fragmented in an industry, it can slow down technology innovation and uptake, such as in the electronics industry where multiple players own complementary patents. However, firms can instead open up their innovation processes and move away from jealously guarded, internal cultures, where intellectual property is used to protect and prolong lifecycles. This change may see knowledge sharing that leads to accelerated innovation cycles and a more rapid uptake of sustainable alternatives throughout a sector: just what Tesla was hoping for in electric vehicles. This approach to intellectual property, so-called “open IP”, is well advanced and mature in the software industry and healthcare. It has given access to life-saving medicines to millions of people, particularly in developing countries through patent pools, such as the Medicine Patent Pool. This kind of project relies on multinational pharmaceutical companies sharing their intellectual property, but small companies can also play a strategic roles in creating these new, more sustainable systems, and it’s not all about open IP. Plumpy'Nut is handed out in Kenya. Image Credit: DFID/Flickr, CC BY As progress in technology is cumulative, there will always be phases of “closed IP” for small companies to build up their portfolio. This can also be a strategy designed to make a social impact. Take Nutriset, which manufacturers food for famine relief. It protects both its invention, Plumpy’Nut, and its entire business model by patents. Plumpy’Nut is a peanut-based paste for the treatment of severe malnutrition and can be administered at home rather than through a supervised hospital treatment. As a result it can treat more patients. Nutriset says that it uses patents to enable the development of local production plants for Plumpy’Nut and to protect those in emerging nations from being taken over by global manufacturing sites in more developed countries. The local production of Plumpy’Nut helps with creating skills and employment in the regions where Nutriset’s product is most needed. An open approach to intellectual property has clear advantages in popularising and establishing new and widespread sustainable technologies, but there is a rationale in some cases for sticking to the more traditional approach. The trick now is to discover when and where different sectors and innovators deploy each strategy. The grand open IP gestures in the mould of Tesla can force through rapid structural advances; a small peanut paste supplier shows that patent protection can still help put the building blocks in place. Share This Article 
There has never been a greater need for innovative technology in cloud infrastructure. The size of the cloud computing market has grown to $264 billion, and cybersecurity is now a major priority at the highest levels of international government. Global corporations are repeatedly paying many millions of dollars to criminal hacker syndicates and worldwide damage costs are expected to soar past $265 billion within ten years. It’s not a coincidence that the increase in successful cyberattacks roughly coincides with the popularity of cloud computing, either. Software at the foundation of most cloud computing operations was created more than 50 years ago and hasn’t really been significantly updated in the last 20 years. California-based NanoVMs can fix that. Of course, one of the most challenging issues in digital security of any kind is finding a balance between speed and safety. That’s even more of a problem with cloud computing than with local operating systems. Given how much more frequent and successful cyber attacks have become, current technology is not developing at the same scale as the problems. The bad guys are gaining the upper hand in this fight despite the biggest corporations on the planet throwing more money than ever at the problem. Bank of America, alone, is paying over $1 billion a year now. A whole new approach is called for. NanoVMs has designed an operating system specifically created for a new generation of cloud-based computing. It is a cost-effective solution that will actually make applications run faster, even while making them much more secure. Better yet, it is user-friendly and integrates easily with existing applications, all of which make it a really easy sell to web developers and programmers. No other demographic is more welcoming to innovative technology that solves security headaches without slowing everything down or breaking the bank. The NanoVMs OS drastically differs from other solutions. It consists of unikernels that allow applications to run directly on the cloud without requiring another operating system such as Linux. This makes them less complex, so they are able to run faster, more safely and less expensively. There is a common misconception that unikernels are simply slimmed-down Linux or “container 2.0” and that could not be further from the truth. They are actually an entirely different way of provisioning software. NanoVMs was founded in 2015. Since then, it has raised over $2.5 million in funding from a variety of sources, including the Department of Energy, L2 Ventures (Joe Montana's fund), Bloomberg Beta and Ron Gula from GulaTech Ventures, who is the most well-known of all cybersecurity investors. Even the U.S. Air Force has contributed to the company’s revenue through an Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity Contract for Air Force Advanced Battle Management System (ABMS) that has a potential value of up to $950 million. A video of the company’s timeline is available. NanoVMs is already generating profits through SaaS licenses, subscriptions, tech support and more. The innovative technology in the company’s patented operating system will solve the three core problems of cybersecurity, complexity and cost for customers who are heavy users of public cloud platforms such as AWS and Google Cloud. NanoVMs is now offering private investors the opportunity to get in early on the StartEngine campaign of a company that could disrupt one of the largest industries in the world while its valuation is still relatively low. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's a lot to learn in any given lifetime, yet often concerns about safety and privacy can get in the way of exploring the world. The CuriosityStream + KeepSolid VPN Unlimited Lifetime Subscription Bundle helps you do both at once, and for a limited time, you can get a $10 store credit on top of more than $250 in savings. Launched by John Hendricks, one of the visionaries behind Discovery Communications, CuriosityStream offers documentaries from some of the top minds in the field. David Attenborough, physicist Michio Kaku, scientist Brian Greene, and more offer some of the best non-fiction filmmaking focused on history, engineering, music, and any other topic you can imagine. There's plenty for kids too, making learning fun and giving your family something educational to enjoy together. The minute you do anything online, it's being logged somewhere. Even if you turn off trackers and reject cookies, your internet service provider can still track what you do and where you go online. A virtual private network, or VPN, gives you back control of your privacy by routing your traffic through their servers, with no data limits or bandwidth caps across their more than 400 servers. KeepSolid builds on that foundation of privacy by giving you your choice of VPN protocols, using 256-bit encryption, a zero-log policy, and 24/7 customer service. Those features have made KeepSolid the preferred VPN of PC Mag and an editor's pick at Software Informer. Get the CuriosityStream + KeepSolid VPN Unlimited Lifetime Subscription Bundle for $179 (reg. $449) and for a limited time, you'll earn a $10 store credit if you spend at least $50 in-store, credited to your account 14 days after your purchase, as long as your total exceeds $50 after any returns. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
App design is a complex discipline, and bad apps can have frightening consequences. Whether you're looking to change careers, build apps as part of your job, or just want to understand how the small programs we use daily work, the 2021 Learn to Code with React Certification Bundle will show you how apps are built the right way. It's currently on sale for only $24.99. React is a JavaScript library, maintained by Facebook among others, used to build user interfaces, and as a base for apps. Since it's free and open-source, it's one of the most widely used toolsets for apps. This bundle assembles courses from top online education teams Oak Academy and Mammoth Interactive, as well as instructors including Maksym Rudnyi, an experienced software engineer and mathematician, as well as coder David Armendáriz. Each course draws on real-life, code-along examples to show you how React works, and what it's best used for, even if you've never coded before. First, you'll learn the basics of React and how it's used in the industry, from both app and web design perspectives. Next, you'll learn the day to day of working with React, with courses on proper testing, building simple apps that can handle complex tasks, and a practice course where you build your own app from scratch to test your fundamentals. From there, you'll move into React as its used in 2021, with in-depth courses on React Native, React Router, and React Portal. Each includes practical projects you can build, test, and tweak yourself, giving you the groundwork to build your own apps and test out the code of others. And as React is freely available, you'll have the skills to build portfolio pieces and demonstrate your knowledge in the interview. Get the 2021 Learn to Code with React Certification Bundle for $24.99 (reg. $1,791). Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It is no secret that today’s television programing leaves a lot to be desired. This is especially true if you have a zest for learning. Though television giants, such as Discovery, are still present, traditional TV is experiencing a drop in ratings and sales. This isn't exactly a shock, considered the low-quality, dumbed-down reality program they have to offer. However, there is a streaming platform that offers nothing but high-quality educational programing including thousands of documentaries and exclusive originals. It's called CuriosityStream, and it's the streaming service for people who love to learn. CuriosityStream was a project started by John Hendricks, the founder of Discovery, a corporation that created channels such as Discovery, TLC, and Animal Planet. Think of CuriosityStream as a throwback to the golden-age of basic cable programing, but updated for the world of streaming. With thousands of documentaries in eight different categories (and dozens of subcategories), CuriosityStream is guaranteed to have programing on topics that interest you. For example, the History section offers documentaries that follow humanity from their beginnings, throughout classical antiquity and the medieval era, to modern-era conflicts such as World War I and World War II. Documentaries such as “Apocalypse: World War I” and “Apocalypse: Never-Ending War” offer remastered footage and a detailed account of events that happened in one of the most murderous times in history. The Technology section offers everything from a guide on how to understand the algorithms (The Secret Rules of Modern Living Algorithms), a guide on understanding how planets work (A Traveler’s Guide to the Planets), and even a documentary on how to create a perfect dinner in space (Heston’s Dinner in Space). What’s more, CuriosityStream recently added a new category – crash courses. Offering everything from world history and chemistry to science, crash courses are practically made to explain everything that you may have missed out in school. Don’t know what to watch? CuriosityStream also offers Collections, which is a carefully curated group of documentaries for a certain topic. For example, if you’re feeling like exploring deep space, the solar system, and black holes, the “Deep Space” collection includes a variety of documentaries related to everything between Ground Control and Major Tom. Also, CuriosityStream doesn’t feature any geographical restrictions, meaning you won’t have to worry about using a VPN if you’re trying to watch it abroad. It is supported on a variety of platforms, including iOS, Android, most available smart TVs (Amazon Fire, Apple, Samsung, Apple), and even some gaming consoles (Xbox). CuriosityStream doesn’t require a contract, so you are free to cancel their services at anytime. And if you know anyone interested in these topics, CuriosityStream also offers a “Gift Card” option. So what are you waiting for? Click here now to learn more about CuriosityStream. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Good design isn't just pleasant to live and work in, it can literally save your life. And many buildings are first assembled not on the site but within a virtual environment with computer-assisted design (CAD) that makes it easy to ensure a design is both within zoning codes and within the bounds of physics. The Learn AutoCAD Programming Certification Bundle will show you how to construct a building in code first, before moving into the real world. Valued at $1,600, it's on sale now for just $29.99. The bundle is taught by Arnold Higuit (4.4/5 star instructor rating), a senior software developer with Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer (MCSD), and Microsoft Certified Applications Developer (MCAD) certifications. Higuit draws on his experience across industries including utilities, telecommunications, and architecture with coding and apps to show the nuts and bolts of AutoCAD as a part of your daily career. Each of these eight courses focuses on a different aspect of the AutoCAD process. First, you'll look at VB.NET, also called Visual Basic, one of the more intuitive programming environments, using code-along examples. It ensures you get into designing right away, and is especially handy for people who may be less comfortable with coding. Then you'll apply those skills to Visual Basic for Applications, or VBA. This helps you integrate the Microsoft Office programs you're already familiar with into Visual Basic, laying the groundwork to import and export data. Then you'll use VBA to export to Excel, Microsoft Forms, and other Office programs, streamlining the design process. Finally, a set of courses will show you more advanced programming, using C# and LISP to create programs, plug-ins, and other tools. This both shows you advanced AutoCAD and how it interacts with a Microsoft environment, and sets you up to extend the programs you already have to get the most out of them. Get the Learn AutoCAD Programming Certification Bundle for $29.99 (reg. $1600). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
During this week's AI Day event, Tesla CEO Elon Musk revealed that the car company is working on a humanoid prototype we will get a first glimpse at "sometime next year." To build its robot assistant, the company will draw from existing experience with car manufacturing robotics as well as its AI-powered computer chips that enable its fleet of cars to (almost) drive themselves. It's a rather odd left turn for Elon Musk, who has repeatedly warned us of the dangers of AI. "I've been banging this AI drum for a decade," Musk told Insider in July 2020. "We should be concerned about where AI is going. The people I see being the most wrong about AI are the ones who are very smart, because they can't imagine that a computer could be way smarter than them." Despite Musk's repeated warnings, the billionaire reiterated at last night's event that the Tesla Bot is "intended to be friendly," and that it will be both weaker and slower than a human. It will stand at five feet and eight inches tall and weigh 125 pounds and reportedly feature human-level hands. Of note: Musk did not roll out any prototypes last night, but did have a, uh, someone on stage with him to do... this. Lmao this is the “robot” you were all excited about?? This a human in a unitard pic.twitter.com/8mBomyv3nu — Casey Johnston (@caseyjohnston) August 20, 2021  A screen will allow Tesla Bot to communicate with its master. As to its purpose, the company was rather vague. It's meant to take care of "performing tasks that are unsafe, repetitive or boring," according to Tesla's website. "You know, once you have it do that, maybe it can do other things too… I mean, maybe it could be your buddy, too," Musk joked on stage. "I’m sure people will think of some very creative uses." But whether the car manufacturer be able to ever bring a fully functioning humanoid robot to life that can rival Boston Dynamics' offerings is anybody's guess. We've seen just how difficult it is to get bipedal robots the ability to walk, let alone complete complex tasks. It also wouldn't be the first time Musk overpromised while underdelivering. But with enough motivation, there is a chance we will get to see a Tesla Bot prototype as soon as next year. Whether it will be able to actually perform "unsafe" tasks is unclear however. READ MORE: Elon Musk says Tesla is working on humanoid robots [The Verge] More on Tesla: Do Not Attempt To Imitate This Video of a Tesla Forging Floodwaters Share This Article 
Everyone knows that real estate can be a great investment, if you can afford it. It’s a relatively reliable hedge against a sometimes volatile economy, and single family units are an especially enticing way to get in on the action. But where such investments have historically been complicated and even tedious, Roofstock has made the process as simple and easy as possible, so you can focus on enjoying the dividends without all the headaches. Normally you'd have to locate just the right property, then find just the right tenant, and then either manage, or find someone else to manage, the day-to-day business of the residence. But Roofstock is a technology-driven real estate platform that eliminates these headaches and makes investing in single family rental properties easier than ever before. Roofstock’s mission since its inception in 2015 has been to turn the process of investing in rental properties into a “radically simple” one. And in aiming to achieve that mission, they have created a comprehensive online marketplace that allows you to choose the very best one (or ones) for you, as curated by its top-of-the-line AI algorithm. Properties available on this online marketplace are assigned proprietary “neighborhood scores” that essentially tell you everything you need to know about each listing. These scores include data from a variety of different sources that, in the old days, you would have had to consult separately, if you were lucky and/or knowledgeable enough to know how. And since the Roofstock marketplace includes listings from all across the country, you don’t have to limit yourself to properties in your area. If a listing in California is right for you, it’s OK if you live in New York or Texas or Florida. You can purchase it on Roofstock and start taking in revenue from it quickly and easily. Once you actually find a property to invest in and your bid is accepted, Roofstock can guide you along the sometimes complicated escrow and closing process, and can even help you hire one of their own vetted property management companies, if you are so inclined. There are two features of Roofstock that make for immediately appealing points of interest for anyone interested in investing in rental properties. The first is the platform’s “Lease Up Guarantee.” Many of the rental property listings on Roofstock already have tenants occupying them, which means you can start earning income as soon as possible. But even the vacant properties are guaranteed to have a rent-paying tenant within 45 days of closing. If not, Roofstock will cover the rent on that property for up to a year! Possibly even more enticing is Roofstock’s 30-day money back guarantee. If for whatever reason you have second thoughts about your new property, let Roofstock know within 30 days of closing and they’ll actually take it back and refund your money. Trying getting that kind of deal on your own! Roofstock is THE online real estate platform for researching, buying, and connecting with partners for financing and property management. It puts everything you need to start collecting rent from tenants all in one place. There are no geographical restrictions, and every property available for sale on the site has been pre-selected and curated for its potential able to generate income. And Roofstock’s powerful AI-driven analytics and expert support team will help you find the perfect property for you. So if you’re ready to invest in rental properties the easy way, head over to Roofstock and take a look around right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Police departments across the country are increasingly relying on systems that use sensors and artificial intelligence to keep track of gunshots in certain neighborhoods. In fact, according to a shocking new investigative report by the Associated Press, 65-year-old Michael Williams was falsely accused of murder last August, and spent a whole year in jail — specifically because of one of these crime-fighting AIs. The evidence against him? Dubious data from ShotSpotter, a gunshot detection system that's not incredibly expensive to implement — especially considering just how fundamentally flawed it is, according to the AP's report. So flawed, in fact, that after spending a year in jail, the man was freed after the prosecution dropped its case due to (you guessed it) a lack of evidence. How faulty is it? ShotSpotter can miss live gunfire right under its microphones. It often misclassifies fireworks or cars backfiring as gunshots, too, making it a faulty system that can easily lead to false accusations, and in this case, arrests. Even worse, ShotSpotter employees often have opted to change the location of where the gunshot sounds came from after the fact, introducing an inherent human bias. The sensors are also often disproportionately set up in Black and Latino communities. The report found that technology like ShotSpotter hasn't addressed its issues. At all. "The evidence that we’ve produced suggests that the technology does not reduce firearm violence in the long-term, and the implementation of the technology does not lead to increased murder or weapons related arrests," Mitch Doucette, lead author of a recently published study that looked at gun violence in 68 metropolitan counties between 1999 and 2016, told the AP. ShotSpotter is actively trying to mask the way its underlying technology functions, and isn't allowing investigators and lawyers to interrogate its inner-workings. "We have a constitutional right to confront all witnesses and evidence against us, but in this case the ShotSpotter system is the accuser, and there is no way to determine if it’s accurate, monitored, calibrated or if someone’s added something," Katie Higgins, a defense attorney, told the AP. "The most serious consequence is being convicted of a crime you didn’t commit using this as evidence." The technology has also never been vetted or peer-reviewed by experts, something that fundamentally undermines its validity or reliability. ShotSpotter argues that it is constantly fine-tuning its system and backing up its claims by asking patrol officers to investigate potential crime scenes. But the simple fact that the company's employees have been found to manually change the location of where the gunshots were coming from raises plenty of red flags. It's a troubling example of police departments over-relying on inherently flawed technologies, that not only cost police departments (and taxpayers) millions of dollars, but can lead to routine miscarriages of justice, too. The dream of crime-fighting AI is a great one, but as it stands, the reality remains slightly nightmarish for those who end up in its crosshairs. READ MORE: How AI-powered tech landed man in jail with scant evidence [Associated Press] More on policing: Grandfather Dies of Heart Attack After Minors SWAT His Home Share This Article 
Facebook has hit the nail on the head on the exact thing — that absolutely nobody ever asked for. Instead of meaningfully tackling the rampant, dangerous misinformation being spread on its platform and revolutionizing the way data is shared, the company released a brand new virtual reality feature called Horizon Workrooms. The software suite, designed to work with the company's own Oculus Quest 2 headset, is the culmination of Facebook's apocalyptic vision of being forced to attend more work meetings, not while enjoying physical company — something we could all certainly use more of — but inside a VR playground that looks like it was yanked straight out of a Saturday morning children's cartoon, an eyebrow-less Mark Zuckerberg waving his arms around like a demented marionette and all. In fact, Horizon Workrooms is the soul-crushing work meeting version of the company's even more ambitious Facebook Horizon, a free-for-all multiplayer VR game environment. And this thing you absolutely don't want doesn't even work very well. "After spending an hour in a Horizon Workrooms demo, it's clear that Facebook still has plenty of work left to do," Engadget wrote in a review of an early demo published today. "There were a few connection issues, avatar glitches and at one point I got booted out entirely." The Verge's Alex Heath also pointed out in his early review that he "can see its potential as a more immersive way to communicate with people who are physically apart," but he doesn't "see it catching on beyond the most diehard VR enthusiasts anytime soon." Instead of staring at cutouts of people's bored faces over Zoom, Workrooms Horizon allows up to 16 people to join the same meeting while wearing a VR headset. An additional 34 people can join via video call. The Oculus Quest can track both the user's face and hands. The app even includes a virtual keyboard underneath the screen for typing. The result, at least in its current form, is that you will be spending the entire work meeting staring at the largely lifeless renders of your colleagues. Early screen captures show avatar Zuckerberg unnaturally waving his arms and hands around, while his head seems to only vaguely be attached to the rest of his body. To be clear, this is Zuckerberg's biggest passion project. In April, the billionaire tweeted that he was "so excited about what you’re working on that you forget to eat meals." "Keeps happening," he added. "I think I’ve lost 10 pounds in the last month from this, but our new products are going to be [fire emoji]." While it's unclear he was directly referring to Facebook's Horizon platform, the CEO uploaded a video of himself customizing his own adorable Oculus Quest avatar the next day — perhaps a sign of his increasing disconnect with non-virtual reality. Like the world where people are sick of attending meetings at their computers. It's an underwhelming and arguably depressing vision of the future of the workplace. Sure, staring at people's disconnected faces over Zoom for hours on end is just as soul-crushing, but is this really how we'll spend time working remotely, together in the future? For obvious reasons, Facebook is trying to compete in the remote work sector, and get in on some of the money companies like Zoom, Cisco, Peloton, and others pandemic-boom businesses that managed to blossom in a financially precarious and weird time in this world. But having sweaty VR goggles strapped to our heads while we watch our bosses frantically wave their cartoon arms around doesn't exactly sound like the future, let alone, that much better of an option for working from home. Of course Mark Zuckerberg forgot to eat while he was making it — the guy has spent so much time working within virtual spaces at the top of the world, he's lost sight of the fact that out here, in the real world, most of us would simply prefer to log off. READ MORE: Facebook gets VR meetings right with Horizon Workrooms [Engadget] More on Facebook: Biden: Misinformation on Facebook Is “Killing People” Share This Article 
Design is much more than just pleasing to the eye; it can make the difference between an ethical and unethical product. If you're looking to learn more about how design works, the Fundamentals of Product Design eBook Bundle by O'Reilly has five books that shows you how to build better, from how to collect the data to the final touches. Listed at $178, it's on sale now for just $19.99.  O'Reilly is probably best known outside the engineering world for the animals on its covers, but it has decades of expertise in explaining technical concepts in concise, clear language. First working in the field in 1978, O'Reilly has been one of the most respected names in technical publishing ever since. It was the first to launch an online technical resource, helped launch the maker movement by founding the Maker Faire, and more. As a result, their texts are full of both best practices and lessons learned in the field. Each of the five books focuses on a different fundamental of design. First, you'll learn about A/B testing, collecting data, and how to apply it for better design. Next, you'll read up on UX research, how to conduct it, and the language and tools tied to the field. Once you know what to do, a book on "tragic design" will show how bad design can not only be annoying, but even outright dangerous. Then you'll apply those lessons to learn how to make products people want to use. Finally, when you're ready to build a design team, you'll learn how to do it step by step. Good design is thoughtful and to some degree intuitive, and by learning from both case studies and theory behind them, you can deliver better websites, apps, and products. Get the Fundamentals of Product Design eBook Bundle by O'Reilly for $19.99 (reg. $178)   Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Fusion energy — to many, the holy grail of sustainable energy — is on the edge of its next breakthrough. Using a powerful laser at the National Ignition Facility (NIF) in California, researchers managed to heat up a peppercorn-sized sample of two hydrogen isotopes well past the temperature of the Sun's core, a process known as inertial confinement fusion (ICF). ICF is one of two major branches of fusion energy research, with the other being "magnetic confinement fusion," a field that has seen its own recent breakthroughs. During the experiment carried out at the NIF earlier this month, scientists managed to harvest 70 percent of the energy — about 1.35 kilojoules worth — used by the powerful laser to start the fusion reaction inside the reactor, the BBC reports. While that may not sound like much, it's a big leap in the field. "This is a huge advance for fusion and for the entire fusion community," Debbie Callahan, a physicist at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory where the NIF is located, told the BBC. In other words, we are slowly approaching the point where are truly "achieving nuclear fusion," or generating a net-positive amount of energy — the industry's holy grail that has yet to be reached despite almost a century of research. The promise is as lucrative as it has ever been: an infinite supply of carbon neutral energy without ever running the risk of a nuclear meltdown. Scientists at the NIF are particularly excited about their recent experiment as the fusion reaction is starting to be hot enough to lead to more fusion reactions, a process known as ignition. "Self-sustaining burn is essential to getting high yield," Callahan explained to the broadcaster. "The burn wave has to propagate into the high density fuel in order to get a lot of fusion energy out." It was a big moment for the team. "Demonstration of ignition has been a major scientific grand challenge since the idea was first published almost 50 years ago," said Jeremy Chittenden, co-director of the Centre for Inertial Fusion Studies at Imperial College London which is helping analyze the data, in a statement. "It was the principal reason for the construction of NIF and has been its primary objective for over a decade." "The NIF team have done an extraordinary job," Steven Rose, director of the Center for Inertial Fusion Studies at Imperial, added. "This is the most significant advance in inertial fusion since its beginning in 1972." The research could also have wider reaching implications for the world of physics. "The NIF lasers already created the most extreme conditions on Earth, but the new experiment appears to have doubled the previous temperature achieved," said Brian Appelbe, Research Associate in the Centre for Inertial Fusion Studies at Imperial, in the statement. "We have entered a regime we’ve previously never been in – this is uncharted territory in our understanding of plasma." That said, it's too early to pop the champagne corks. The team is still going through the data with a fine-tooth comb to ensure "that we understand the result," according to Callahan. The scale of the NIF experiment also leaves something to be desired, despite the high praise. It only yielded about the "equivalent to the energy required to boil a kettle," as Chittenden told the BBC. Its scale may be a long, long way off. But any kind of breakthrough in this field, one that's long vexed some of the world's greatest working scientists, where the stakes could not be higher, is nothing if not slightly astounding on its own. READ MORE: US lab stands on threshold of key nuclear fusion goal [BBC] More on fusion energy: Jeff Bezos Is Helping Build a Fusion Power Plant in the UK Share This Article 
Depending on who you ask, blockchains are useful documentation tools, the foundation of a new form of finance, or even a new type of lifeform. Yet when you cut through the hype, you find a new and incredibly powerful tool with an enormous range of applications. The Blockchain Bootcamp Certification Training Bundle can get you up to speed on this world-changing tech. It's on sale for only $19.99. At its most basic, a blockchain is a list of heavily encrypted and linked records. As each block is added, it contains information about the block before it. This makes them more difficult to alter because to change one block means you change all of them. This creates records that can be made public, thus encouraging transparency, or used as a form of verification; in order to add a new block to the chain, everybody involved must have blockchains that match precisely. In this three-course bundle, the training team at ITU Online shows just how powerful blockchains can be in any situation that requires transparency and control of records. Founded in 2012, ITU has delivered online, high-quality video courses to 650,000 students, more than 200 companies, and over 50 public entities, and from that experience, they've tied each course to a specific goal. The first course focuses on blockchains in an enterprise environment, incorporating them into legacy systems and for business use cases. The second focuses on the Blockchain Training Alliance Certified Blockchain Solutions Architect (CBSA) certification, offering an exam overview and grounding in topics you might explore. And finally, there's an intensive course for the Certified Blockchain Developer – Hyperledger certification, looking at the open-source blockchain technologies, how they can be implemented, and why. It's ideal for IT managers, product designers, coders, and anyone looking to better grasp the meaning behind the buzz. Get the Blockchain Bootcamp Certification Training Bundle for $19.99 (reg. $297).  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A good night's sleep is one of life's great joys, so there's nothing quite like the crushing blow of being kept awake by snoring. This is especially ture if the person snoring is you or someone you love. According to data out of Johns Hopkins Medicine, around 45-percent of people snore occasionally, like when you drink too much or are totally exhausted. Another 25-percent of people snore on a regular basis. When you crunch the numbers, around 94-million American are affected by snoring in someway throughout their life, with another 52-million dealing with snoring every night of their lives. So if you're one of these people, and you want to stop snoring once and for all, you need the VitalSleep anti-snoring mouthguard. If you don't understand why we snore, you'll never understand how VitalSleep anti-snoring mouthguard stops snoring so you can sleep better. The main cause of snoring is a partial blockage of the airway. This occurs because when you fall asleep, the muscles in your neck and throat relax and allow your tongue to fall to the back of your mouth. When this happens, your throat narrows and the airway walls loosen and sag, which results in the partial obstruction of the upper airway. Because of this, when you inhale, the loosened walls of your airway vibrate, and the result is sawing the most annoying logs in the world. However, if you want to stop snoring and get the best sleep of your life, you have to be able to keep your airways open while you sleep. One of the best known ways to do this is with a continuous positive airway pressure machine better known as a CPAP machine. However, CPAPs are clunky and are accessorized by a bulky face mask as well as the need for electricity. Not to mention you can only get one with a prescription from your physician. But the VitalSleep anti-snoring mouthguard solution is simpler, more convenient, and you can take it with you anywhere you go. The VitalSleep anti-snoring mouthguard puts an end to snoring by holding your jaw and tongue forward. In doing so, it keeps your airway open and ends the symphony of snores. It does this thanks to it's patented Accu-Adjust system, which allows users to adjust the lower tray by 1-millimeter increments based on the intensity of the snoring. Which is to say, the more you position the bottom tray forward, the more it will keep your airways open so you can sleep instead of snore. To get the kind of comfortable fit necessary so you can sleep with the mouthguard in, your VitalSleep nightguard is molded to your mouth. Many mouthguards on the market don't offer this feature. However, VitalSleep is designed to give you the perfect custom fit without having to visit a doctor or sleep clinic. And how it works is simple. Just drop the mouthguard in hot water for a minute, then bite down onto the mouthpiece. You can repeat this process multiple times and adjust the mold as necessary. VitalSleep anti-snoring mouthguard is made in USA with medical-grade, FDA-approved, hypo-allergenic materials and is BPA, latex, and metal free. It also comes in two different sizes: a larger one for men, and a smaller one for women. Most importantly, it comes with a 2-year warranty and 60-night money-back guarantee. If you are not completely satisfied with the product for any reason, contact VitalSleep's customer service for a full refund. They’ll even send you a free postage-paid return label. So what are you waiting for? Stop suffering through nights of poor sleep because you can't breathe, and invest in VitalSleep's anti-snoring mouthguard for men and women. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As coding and engineering become less about specialized skills and more tools anyone can use, the future is opening up to amazing possibilities. Among those are the power of microcontrollers to create your own gear, and the Ultimate ESP32 Course Bundle opens the door to some truly amazing DIY gear. Typically $200, it's on sale for only $49.99 for a limited time.  The ESP32 is a "system-on-chip" microcontroller with a dual-core processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and a multitude of ways to connect it to other chips and systems. As it doesn't need much power, it's ideal for makers, IoT devices, and others who need a lot of power without a lot of batteries. They can be tied to other systems to do specific jobs, or serve as the central brain of a project. The only question is how to effectively use them. Each course in this bundle is led by Peter Dalmaris, the founder of electronics education company, Tech Explorations. An experienced electrical and computer engineer, Dalmaris launched Tech Explorations because he found the articles and videos available at the time lacking in educational focus. The four courses build on each other, moving from an overview of ESP32 microcontrollers and how they interact with other maker tech like Arduino. From there, it moves into how to connect them to simple inputs and outputs, such as LEDs and buttons, before exploring connecting to near-field devices and the internet. The next course looks at how you can use flow development tools like NODE-Red on microcontrollers to automate tasks, with the final course looking at MicroPython, with two capstone projects to put all your knowledge to work. The bundle also includes the ebook Maker Education Revolution, which shows parents and educators how to weave the techniques and wonder of inventors and makers into kids' education. You'll also receive a certificate upon completing the bundle, which will endorse your skills in building with ESP32.  Normally $200, you can take $150 off and purchase The Ultimate ESP32 Course Bundle today for just $49.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The day has finally come. Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos' fight with NASA over its Moon program has come to a head, with Bezos is officially suing NASA over its decision to work exclusively with SpaceX on a lunar lander capable of sending astronauts to the lunar surface, The Verge reports. It's the escalation of many months of potshots, ridicule, and criticism. Ever since NASA announced that it was awarding its $2.9 Human Landing Systems contract to SpaceX in April — effectively excluding both Blue Origin and fellow competitor Dynetics from the contract — the Bezos-led company has been on a PR tirade to convince NASA it made the wrong call. The suit could have far reaching consequences for the fate of both NASA's entire space program and Blue Origin itself, where Ars Technica space journalist Eric Berger reports that many employees are "super disappointed" in the move. Berger also pointed out that the ornery suit could sandbag Blue Origin's future efforts to secure government contracts. Bezos went as far as to curry favor with NASA by offering a $2 billion discount to develop his space company's Blue Moon lander using government funds. That campaign has now boiled over, with Bezos filing a complaint with the US Court of Federal Claims, according to The Verge. Until now, the complaint was hidden behind a protective order. Blue Origin "challenges NASA’s unlawful and improper evaluation of proposals," according to its request to file its complaint in secrecy, which was obtained by The Verge. The news comes after the Government Accountability Office (GAO) denied both Blue Origin and Dynetics protests late last month. NASA has faced an uphill battle to secure funding from Congress for its HLS program. The space agency was only provided with a small fraction of what it requested for fiscal year 2021 in November, asking for $3.2 billion but only receiving $1 billion. As a consequence, the space agency was forced to pick "Option A," or SpaceX, without providing further funding for the "Option B" of Blue Origin. Blue Origin's fight with NASA has only begun. The company's legal actions will likely delay SpaceX's efforts even further — but whether the Elon Musk-led company will be swayed by the setback is another question. READ MORE: Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin sues NASA, escalating its fight for a Moon lander contract [The Verge] More on the fight: SpaceX Gets Huge Check From NASA for Moon Mission Share This Article 
A much anticipated test flight of Boeing’s Starliner spacecraft has been delayed indefinitely to address a valve issue — capping off a particularly rough week of bad news for NASA.  The Starliner was expected to launch for its second orbit test flight last week, according to DigitalTrends. However, that was cancelled after engineers discovered a problem with a valve in the Starliner’s propulsion pump. Despite aiming to launch in August, NASA announced that additional work needed to be done on the craft and have moved it back to Boeing's facilities.  "Although we wanted to see Starliner fly in this window, it’s critical that our primary focus is the safety of the crew transportation system — for the safety of the space station and the crew members that will be flying on these vehicles," said Kathryn Leuders, associate administrator for NASA’s Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate, in a blog update. "We’ll only fly this test when we think we are ready and can complete the mission objectives." It honestly seems like Starliner is less of a feasible spacecraft and more of an expensive, cursed albatross hanging around NASA’s neck. The project has a long history of launch delays, hardware issues, and critical fixes that have been a source of many a headache at the agency. It also doesn’t help that Boeing has been, er, less-than-responsible in developing and testing the craft.    This all just marks yet another setback for NASA in a week of setbacks.  To start off, the agency discovered that the Perseverance Mars rover wasn’t able to collect a rock sample to send back to Earth — and proceeded to blame the rock for their issues.  Update on my first sampling attempt: looks like the rock I drilled was too crumbly and broke into small fragments/powder, instead of producing an intact core. Pushing ahead to find my next target, expected to be more like rocks we cored on Earth. More: https://t.co/HU8kcChwIT — NASA's Perseverance Mars Rover (@NASAPersevere) August 11, 2021  There’s also the odd mud-slinging campaign the agency has found itself in against Russia as the two countries attempt to pass blame on one another for the recent near disaster when the ISS spun out of control. On top of all this, NASA’s own inspector general released a report saying that a lunar landing as a part of the Artemis mission slated for 2024 is "not feasible." The reason is due to supply chain issues for the astronauts’ flight suits.  While a delay with Starliner isn’t great, it’s certainly better than going ahead with the mission and having a much more costly disaster occur because they didn’t iron out all the kinks before they launched. Hopefully, the agency can bounce back with some good news soon.  READ MORE: Things going badly for Boeing Starliner, launch delayed indefinitely [DigitalTrends] More on Starliner: Russia Mocks Boeing, Offering to Fix Its Broken Starliner Spacecraft Share This Article 
How we speak says a lot about us, possibly even when we're sick. Yet what we say says so much more. Learning how to speak a new language is a great skill for work, to keep your brain sharp, and just to have fun, and for a limited time, you can save an extra $100 off a Babbel lifetime subscription. Babbel has been teaching languages since 2007, collecting over ten million users and hundreds of thousands of positive reviews on the App Store and the Google Play Store. That's due to how it's designed, which is around modern linguistics, incorporating the work of over 100 linguists. The best way to learn a new language is to base short lessons off of everyday experiences. Babbel does exactly that, grounding ten to fifteen minute lessons in everyday circumstances — like shopping or asking for directions. The familiar helps you pick up and retain words, mapping them to the language you already use, and each lesson returns to vocabulary to put it into better context.. In addition, Babbel lessons are taught by people speaking casually in their native tongue, not the stiff and formal instructions all too familiar from language tapes. That way, you'll pick up the language with the sounds people actually use to speak it. The lessons are a mix of conversation, speaking, and writing, focusing on the topics you care about. Pick up some useful phrases for a country you're planning to visit, or develop a deeper understanding of a foreign language on your way to becoming fluent. The lifetime subscription gives you access to all fourteen languages, offline lessons to use when you're away from signal, cross-platform usage so you'll always have a lesson handy, and personalized review sessions to keep yourself on track. For a limited time price drop, you can get a Babbel lifetime subscription for $199 (reg. $499). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Python is the one of the core languages of modern programming. Its power and flexibility allow for some truly amazing feats with data that allow computers to understand natural language, pull patterns from huge amounts of data, and much more. The Premium Python Programming Certification Bundle will help you develop the skills you need to grapple with Python, and give your career the boost it needs. Valued at $2,000, it's on sale now for just $29.99. Each course is taught by experts such as entrepreneur and telecommunications engineer Juan Galvan, project manager Andreu Marquès, and software engineer Edouard Renard. They work with Python as part of their jobs every day, and have developed courses based off the real-world problems and common challenges they experience. Each course features code-along projects. so you can work with the concepts and begin experimenting with them. Whether you're just looking to brush up, or have never used a command line interface before, you'll start coding right away. If you're new to coding, there are courses that will introduce you to computer science with a step-by-step look at the basics of Python 3 and that will take you from those basics to GUI programming. Or dive in with a full 56-hour course that takes you from the fundamentals all the way to the most complex concepts, followed by a complete 9-hour course that explores Python as it's used in the workplace. More familiar with coding and Python? The bundle includes courses on data types, functions, flow control, and advanced concepts like decorators and generators, discussing the theory before applying the practice. Finally, you'll learn how Python is used to automate stock trading, to put your knowledge to work and test out your coding skills with data science, automation, and iteration. Get the Premium Python Programming Certification Bundle for $29.99 (reg. $2000). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Oregon State University biologist Francis Chan's scientific career began when he was a postdoctoral researcher preparing for his first research cruise off the coast of Oregon and he got a call that sent him on an entirely different journey. Fishers had started to report strange occurrences nearby. They were pulling up pot after pot of dead crabs, and an octopus climbed up the fishers' ropes to escape something that they couldn't see. Because he'd already reserved the boat, the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife asked Chan to go look for obvious culprits like an oil spill or red tide. It wasn't until he dropped underwater sensors in the area that he realized what was wrong: the levels of dissolved oxygen in the area had plummeted so dangerously low that sea creatures had started to flee any way that they could. Those that couldn't died, leaving a mass graveyard all along the ocean floor. Chan went back to the archives to check whether this had ever happened before and learned that no, these low oxygen zones that have now come to be known as "hypoxic zones" didn't used to happen so close to the shore. "And then it came back again the next year, and again the year after that, and then the year after," Chan said. Now, a hypoxic zone forms off the coast of Oregon every summer like clockwork. It's there right now, in fact. The Washington Post reported last month that the deadly waters are now stretched across 7,700 square miles and actually started to form early this year — a clear sign of how worsening climate change has drastically altered the ocean and are now rendering parts of it completely hostile to life. Chan describes the root causes of hypoxic zones as two levers. One is dictated by basic chemistry. Warm water can't store as much dissolved gas as cold water. Water that eventually arrives at the west coast of the United States begins its journey around Japan, where it sinks and flows across the ocean, he explains. And thanks to rising global temperatures, Chan has found that the water has been losing oxygen for five decades. The other lever has to do with currents and wind patterns, which have also been altered by a changing global environment. When an upwelling wind — a gust that blows water away from the shore — hits a pocket of low-oxygen water, it creates a well-defined hypoxic zone. This tends to happen around discernable geographic features, like areas with wide, flat continental shelves of shallower water. But hypoxic conditions can still occur regardless of geography, and will likely become more widespread along the coast as temperatures continue to rise. "We know that climate change is pulling these two levers, and we're just seeing the consequences of that," Chan told Futursim. "I think I say with some reticence that, when I think about what the future of the oceans looks like, along not only Oregon but the west coast, I think the science is really pointing us to an ocean that is much more prone to episodes of hypoxia." When a hypoxic event sets in, crabs in the area may crawl into a fisher's pot like normal and then — Chan made a wooshing noise on our Zoom interview — get overtaken by a current of dangerously hypoxic water, suffocating where they stand. One of his colleagues has caught flounder and other seafloor-dwelling fish up near the surface, where they were attempting to flee to more oxygen-rich conditions. Anecdotally, fishers have told Chan that they rush to the bay whenever he starts talking about a new hypoxic zone in order to catch crabs fleeing to an oxygen refuge. In South Africa, he added, a hypoxic zone frequently gets so bad that suffocating lobsters actually crawl out of the water and die on the beach. As climate change progresses and temperatures rise, we can expect more of these hypoxic zones — colloquially referred to as "dead zones" — to emerge off the coastline of the Pacific. When they do, Chan says they'll be bigger, longer-lasting, and more severe. Chan explained that scientists have already detected regions of abnormally low oxygen off the coast of California that look alarmingly similar to readings from Portland from years ago. "There are there are just a few reports of hypoxic events in California now," Chan said. "And looking at the data, it looks like what Oregon used to where [oxygen levels are] low but not crazy low. So it's really poised for it. The question is, 'what happens if you were to supercharge those levers that drive hypoxia in California? Is there a risk of more hypoxic zones and more intense hypoxic zones?' I think it would be hard to argue that that's not a likely scenario." Tracking these events, even though scientists like Chan have a strong sense of where they'll appear year after year, is difficult. Though sensors have improved drastically over the course of Chan's career, they're still extremely expensive and require technical training to operate. Also, they need to be placed one at a time in the ocean, so researchers depend heavily on partnerships with government agencies and commercial fishers. The challenge facing researchers now, Chan says, is that he and his colleagues have a solid understanding of how and why hypoxic zones form, where to expect them, and how to record exact oxygen solubility levels. But they don't fully understand what being in a hypoxic zone means for the aquatic life that finds themselves stuck in them. "We're getting data back in real-time, but it's challenging to understand biological thresholds, like 'how low is low?'" Chan said. "If the reading is 1.4 milliliters [of oxygen] per liter [of water] for the next 18 weeks, which it has been, it's like 'How long can a fish hold its breath?'" Take another prominent form of ecological destruction currently harming the oceans: acidification. Scientists studying ocean acidification have a very tangible biomarker that helps them understand the impacts that the broader ecological phenomenon has on individual sea creatures in the form of dissolved crab shells or shark scales. There's no clear biological measurement that Chan or his colleagues can take to determine the biological thresholds of organisms under oxygen stress, he explained, but they're working to track one down. "Right now, we're looking at new assays to instead of saying, 'well, that fish doesn't look so healthy,'" Chan said. "It's like, well, is it because it was hypoxia? Is it because the fish had the wrong mother? We're looking at new targeted assays to determine, for example, whether there are certain oxygen stress compounds that accumulate in an organism that we can attribute to hypoxia." Another issue, Chan says, is that scientists simply have no idea how many fish are in the ocean. And counting them will either take manual labor that he certainly doesn't want to do, or unproven technology — like acoustic surveys, AI that analyzes video feeds, or gathering free-floating eDNA shed by animals that pass through an area — that he says technically show promise but can't deliver remotely useful results yet. Despite the dire reality of the situation, what Chan really wanted to get across was that he wants everyone to stop using the phrase "dead zone." A few weeks ago, years and years after that desperate octopus climbed out of the water to flee the deadly water below, Chan says he was on another expedition. Chan's sensors were down near the seafloor, recording a deadly hypoxic event. Meanwhile, near the surface, the crew was busy watching a multitude of salmon swimming around and jumping into the air. "The captain saw a blue whale, for God's sake," Chan told Futurism. "You know, it's a pretty vibrant ocean." More on hypoxic zones: Scientists Horrified by Growing "Dead Zone" in Ocean Share This Article 
While big data can have its downsides, the ability to find subtle patterns hidden deep in enormous collections of information is changing society. From how we manage our money to how we study our health, big data is becoming central to careers well beyond Silicon Valley. The 2021 Big Data Certification Super Training Bundle gives you 113 hours of training to bring big data to any role. Valued at $3000, this bundle is on sale now for just $59.99. Taught by a team of big data experts, including entrepreneur Juan Galvan, the focus is on the practical. Each of the 15 courses is designed to build on one another, so if you're new to data science, you can start with the basics, while more experienced professionals can brush up before moving on to advanced topics. The bundle starts by laying out the fundamentals of data science, including what programming languages you'll use, methodologies, code libraries, and even building your own chatbot. If you're good at Excel, a course uses spreadsheets to look at how Python programming handles data. Next you can delve into the mathematics behind big data, and if you're thinking of switching jobs, another course lays out what it takes to follow your passion. For those already familiar with the basics, the bundle offers detailed looks at the state of the art. If you're using Python, you can take a deep dive into how it uses data, then pick up skills in NumPy, data analysis, and advanced data types. For a more mathematical approach, there are courses that discuss the R programming language and clustering analysis in MATLAB. Other courses look at Hadoop, Spark, Storm, Qlikview, Flume, and Sqoop. There's even a certification program with code-along projects to apply your knowledge and show your data mastery. Get the 2021 Big Data Certification Super Training Bundle for $59.99 (reg. $3000).   Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It wasn't so long ago that AI-enhanced cyberattacks and daily data breaches were found in novels, not headlines. Staying on top of cybersecurity trends, and keeping them from appearing in your screen, takes constant protection and ongoing training. The VPN Unlimited & Infosec4TC Platinum Cyber Security Course Membership Lifetime Access bundle gives you both. Valued at $1199, this membership is on sale now for only $89.99. Infosec4TC was built to keep cybersecurity professionals up to date. As new exploits, malware, and techniques are found by researchers or turn up "in the wild," being fully informed about how to fight back can make the difference between a secure system and a breach. Infosec4TC has some of the highest pass rates for online training, because it's built on the knowledge professionals already have. With lifetime access, cybersecurity and IT professionals can quickly get up to speed and implement the needed fixes before the breach can happen. Personal protection is just as important. Even people unconnected to IT departments or cybersecurity can be targeted by criminals or fall victim to passive traps hidden in public Wi-Fi spots and through innocuous websites. Legitimate networks can still invade your privacy by keeping a record of where you go and what you do. A virtual private network, or VPN, helps keep out crooks and snoops. Instead of connecting directly to a site, you connect through one of VPN Unlimited's over 400 servers, using the VPN protocol you prefer. All traffic has AES 256-bit encryption, and a built-in kill switch that means you can shut down a connection if you're concerned about safety. Ping tests, a Trusted Network list, and Favorite Servers let you configure even further, so you're always protected and can connect anywhere with confidence. Get the VPN Unlimited & Infosec4TC Platinum Cyber Security Course Membership Lifetime Access bundle for $89.99 (reg. $1199). Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists are warning that a key system that drives oceanic currents, including the Gulf Stream, is being driven to the brink of collapse in large part due to human-caused climate change, The Washington Post reports — and it could cause a wave of freezing temperatures in Europe and North America. The "Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation" (AMOC) system is a vital part of the way the world's oceans function, transporting warm and much denser saltwater from the tropics to northern Europe, where it cools down and makes its long journey back along the ocean floor. But according to a new study from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany and published in the journal Nature Climate Change today, this system is becoming increasingly more susceptible to disruptions. The research is a warning sign that the drastic effects of climate change may soon have some new — and very serious — consequences. Potsdam Institute researcher Niklas Boers looked at centuries of sea level and temperature data and found "significant early-warning signals" that "the AMOC may have evolved from relatively stable conditions to a point close to a critical transition," he wrote in his paper. If AMOC were to switch off — the system is either in circulation or isn't, according to scientists — much of Europe and parts of North America could be plunged into a prolonged period of extreme cold in the worst case scenario, and raise sea levels even further along the US East Coast. It's a worrying prospect. Instead of a steady decline, we are approaching a "critical threshold beyond which the circulation system could collapse," as Boers explained it in a press release. The increased melting of freshwater sources is already adding to the effect, making it more difficult for cooled and less salty water to sink to the bottom of the ocean because it's more buoyant, a trend Boers "wouldn't have expected" to occur, he said in the statement. The last time the AMOC was shut down was at the tail end of the last ice age roughly 12,000 years ago, triggered by the melting of a massive glacial lake. The extreme cold spell that hit Europe lasted for almost a millennium. We've known that the AMOC has weakened as human activity and greenhouse gases are raising sea temperatures, and "the critical threshold is most likely much closer than we would have expected," as Boers told the Post. The AMOC slowdown is already causing the Gulf Stream to lag behind, causing sea levels to rise along the US East Coast and fish populations to die off. We don't know when greenhouse gases might build up enough to cause the AMOC to shut off. One 2016 study suggests that the AMOC could collapse by the year 2300 without any meaningful attempts to cut down on greenhouse emissions before then. Reversing the trend would be impossible, according to Boers. "It’s one of those events that should not happen, and we should try all that we can to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as quickly as possible," he told the newspaper. "This is a system we don’t want to mess with." READ MORE: A critical ocean system may be heading for collapse due to climate change, study finds [The Washington Post] More on climate change: Scientists Horrified by Growing “Dead Zone” in Ocean Share This Article 
Aubrey de Grey, the prominent longevity personality who founded the Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence (SENS) Research Foundation in order to find ways to stop or reverse aging, has been placed on leave due to multiple accusations of sexual harassment by other researchers in the field, STAT News reports. Longevity fund founder Laura Deming posted on her blog that she would no longer work with de Grey or SENS in the future on Tuesday. She shared a story of having met de Grey when she was 14 and, three years later when she was still a minor, how de Grey emailed her saying that he had an "adventurous love life" and that he had wanted to talk to her about it for years. And Celine Halioua, founder and CEO of the biotech company Loyal, also penned a blog post on the same day in which she recounts being an intern at SENS and being instructed to keep de Grey "entertained" at a 2016 dinner. During the dinner, she added, de Grey "funneled [her] alcohol" and said that she should have sex with SENS donors so they would give more money. "I left that dinner sobbing," Halioua wrote. "It has taken me years to shake the deep-seated belief that I only got to where I am due to older men wanting to have sex with me." Both accusers say that they represent a larger body of anonymous women who may have left the field or had their careers cut short due to de Grey's unwelcome advances and inappropriate behavior. Halioua added that she abandoned her PhD to escape another SENS executive who severely harassed her as well. Acting SENSE executive director Lisa Fabiny told STAT that they learned of the accusations in June and placed de Grey on leave pending an investigation, but details on that process are scarce for now. "We respect the integrity of this investigative process, and it would not be appropriate to speculate on the outcomes while the process remains ongoing," Fabiny told STAT. "We can promise that we will take seriously the findings and, if appropriate, take decisive action. We cannot and do not condone behavior that makes our colleagues and members of our scientific community feel victimized, targeted, or harmed." De Grey declined STAT's request for comment, instead directing the publication to a Facebook post where he denied the allegations and then made the unsubstantiated claim that Deming and Halioua had somehow been deceived into accusing him of misconduct, and that some shadowy figure was using them to target him. READ MORE: Anti-aging research pioneer Aubrey de Grey placed on leave over sexual harassment allegations [STAT News] More on Aubrey de Grey: A Scientist Thinks Someone Alive Today Will Live to be 1,000 Share This Article 
It is no secret that the world of robotics is more accessible than ever. But thanks to the amazingly versatile Rotrics DexArm, the bar of entry is now even lower. It's a robot arm that is also a 3d Printer, a laser engraver, a personal AI assistant, and much, much more. It will transform any home office into a high-tech robotics lab that almost anyone can learn to use. DexArm operates via modules, detachable pieces which enable it to accomplish a multitude of different tasks. These modules can be attached and detached with just one simple click. This means that you can get straight to business without having to worry about a time-consuming, confusing installation process. For example, the 3D printer module enables the robot arm to print various items, just like a normal 3D Printer. This video shows the process. Just create or choose your design in the desktop app, and print away! The laser engraving module enables you to carve stunning imagery on a variety of surfaces, such as wood, leather, bamboo, and paper. It can create graphics, pictures, and even calligraphy. In a manner of minutes, it can turn a generic items into thoughtful, personalized gifts. Apart from modules, DexArm also has a variety of attachments that expand the robot arm's functionality. For example, Rotrics offers a safety enclosure and sliding rail kit that expand the DexArm’s working area well beyond the standard 210x297 mm for 2D projects and 220x220x297 mm for 3D projects. Apart from the sliding rail kit, Rotrics uses a variety of gadgets, such as a computer vision kit, to enhance DexArm’s already high precision. The kit includes a flexible API, which can be integrated into other projects. What’s more, DexArm can also be attached to the 3.5mm touchscreen, which also has a Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connection. If you are an experienced programmer, it's also worth mentioning the arm supports a variety of programming languages such as Java, JavaScript, ROS, Python, C, and C++. Rotrics’ software is also supported on Windows and macOS. So if you’re looking for a perfect STEM-related hobby, you've found it. Click here to get started with DexArm robot arm, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Delivering astronauts to the Moon is no easy feat, and it requires a disgusting amount of rocket fuel to pull it off. With its fuel tanks filled to the brim, NASA's Saturn V rocket weighed in at 6.5 million pounds during the Apollo missions almost half a century ago. It managed to burn up 20 tons of rocket fuel — every second. Fast forward several decades, and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk is trying to achieve similar greatness with his space company's Starship rocket. This time, it's gonna take a lot of refueling to get there. SpaceX competitor Blue Origin recently griped that SpaceX might need as many as 16 launches to get to the Moon. But "16 flights is extremely unlikely," Musk shot back in a Wednesday tweet. "Starship payload to orbit is [about] 150 tons , so max of 8 to fill 1200 ton tanks of lunar Starship." "Without flaps & heat shield, Starship is much lighter," Musk continued. "Lunar landing legs don’t add much (1/6 gravity). May only need 1/2 full, i.e. 4 tanker flights." And even if it did take 16 launches, Musk said, that wouldn't be a problem. "However, even if it were 16 flights with docking, this is not a problem," he added in a follow-up tweet. "SpaceX did more than 16 orbital flights in first half of 2021 & has docked with Station (much harder than docking with our own ship) over 20 times." Still, launch Starship and its mammoth Super Heavy rocket stage are a much, much bigger undertaking than SpaceX's workhorse Falcon 9 rocket — and even its significantly more powerful Falcon Heavy. That raises another key question: whether Musk is implying that astronauts would have to wait half a year in orbit for their ride to the Moon to fully fuel up. The complexities involved are staggering. For one, Falcon 9's first stage only incorporates nine Merlin engines. The Super Heavy booster alone will make use of 29 much larger Raptor engines. The space company also has yet to complete its first orbital test launch involving the spacecraft and its booster. But such a launch may not be too far off. SpaceX recently stacked a Starship prototype on top of a Super Heavy rocket stage for the first time in anticipation of the booster's maiden voyage. If all goes well, Starship will go orbital before the end of the summer. Only then, will SpaceX be able to tackle the next hurdle in its Moonshot journey: a refueling in space, involving two Starships. More on Starship:  Elon Musk-approved Render Shows Two Starships, uh, Exchanging Fluids Share This Article 
The problem with getting older is we often show the signs of aging before we actually feel them. That's because the first signs of aging show up in our skin. Seemingly overnight, it can start to loosen and sag in places where it used to be tight and supple. The culprit is actually collagen loss. In fact, if you're over the age of 20 and starting to show the signs of aging, you're not alone. That's because collagen production begins to slow in our early 20s, and by the time we hit our 30s, 40s and 50s... our collagen levels are majorly depleted. Luckily, there's Lifeboost Fuel Anti-Aging Coffee Creamer. The signs of collagen loss don't just show up in our skin, hair, and nails. It affects the speed of our metabolism, reduces muscle mass, gut health, and digestion, sleep quality, balances mood, hormones and even your bone and joint health. The fact is, collagen is the most abundant protein in our bodies - so it isn't just for cosmetic purposes. It's the glue that holds our bodies together, and without it, we start to fall apart. So if you're looking for a dietary supplement that will not only replenish your collagen levels, but also promote a youthful, healthy lifestyle, you need to know about Lifeboost Fuel Anti-Aging Coffee Creamer. Lifeboost Fuel Anti-Aging Coffee Creamer is the brainchild of Dr. Charles Livingston, CEO of Lifeboost Coffee. Through hundreds of hours of research, Dr. Livingston has discovered the perfect combination of ingredients to fuel your health simply by adding them to your morning cup of coffee, turning your daily cup of joe into a full blown collagen boosting superfood! What makes Lifeboost Fuel so incredible is its revolutionary anti-aging formula, which is a combination of EpiCor (Immune Booster), Solugel (Grassfed Beef Collagen) and goMCT (Energy Booster). Together these ingredients result in a tasteless, odorless, easily dissolvable "coffee creamer" that turns your morning cup of Joe into an all-out superfood. Each of these patented, trademarked ingredients, formed through proprietary methods, are thoroughly researched to deliver you unique, clean, high quality sources, all of which combine to make up Lifeboost Fuel Anti-Aging Coffee Creamer. These powerful ingredients address the effects of an aging body, giving you needed nutrition to optimize your health. Aging starts from inside your body, so the superior quality, trademarked ingredients that make up Lifeboost Fuel start working from within. These anti-aging, life-changing ingredients are: EpiCor: EpiCor is a dried yeast fermentate. Since the yeast used is fermented and dried, it's no longer active, resulting in the metabolite-rich postbiotic known as EpiCor. It also balances the gut microbiome, and strengthens the immune system. Solugel: Solugel is a grass fed hydrolyzed bovine collagen of the highest quality and contains 8 out of the 9 amino acids your body needs. Clinical studies on Solugel's collagen peptides indicate benefits in the skin, bones, and joints, as well as, aiding in proper sports nutrition and weight management. Plus its antioxidative effects boost type III collagen, making it work against your body's overall natural aging process. goMCT: goMCT better known as medium chain triglycerides are healthy fats that convert to ketones, "a clean alternative energy source for the brain and body. It regulates blood sugar levels, gives a boost to your gut with prebiotics, and provides satiety, making you feel fuller longer and thus aiding in weight management. Additionally, MCTs improve overall gut health, aiding in all negative effects associated with aging, from poor immune responses, to weight gain, to lost brain function, painful joints, and wrinkling, sagging skin. Fermented L-tryptophan: The final ingredient of Lifeboost Fuel is Fermented L-tryptophan, an amino acid found in plant and animal proteins. You may have heard it termed as an essential amino acid. This is because your body needs it but can't make it on its own. Fueling your body with l-tryptophan is known to both improve mood and allow your body to better respond to stress by promoting healthy serotonin production. It also promotes healthy sleep, decreased anxiety, improves depression symptoms and increases emotional well being. Lifeboost believes nothing is more important than the integrity of the work they do. This is why they support farmers with a fair wage, the environment with sustainable farming practices, and wildlife by partnering with RainforestTrust. A portion of profits from their products is donated to RainforestTrust.org to protect the environment. Lifeboost is a Patron Sponsor of the organization, which works hard to save rain forests around the world. Order today to get Lifeboost Fuel Anti-Aging Coffee Creamer sent directly to you at your home or office. Plus, all orders over $50 get FREE shipping. Most importantly, if you’re not happy for any reason within 30 days of placing your order, contact Lifeboost and they'll give you a 100-percent refund. So what do you have to lose? Click here to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While the US and the World Health Organization are still trying to nail down the origins of the coronavirus — despite China's efforts to block those investigations — a different war is waging online. Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua is practically flooding its feeds with propaganda about the pandemic, ranging from conspiracy theories suggesting the US military covered up the leaks of other harmful viruses to "Tetris"-themed memes about America's failures to rein in the spread of COVID-19. The at-times unintentionally hilarious memes seem like a direct response to the repeated calls by the US to study the true origins of the virus, a spat that's unlikely to let up any time soon. It's an effort that's been going on since the early stages of the pandemic. In April 2020, for instance, Xinhua published an animated video titled "Once Upon a Virus" mocking America's slow response using Lego figurines. And in a story published on Monday, Xinhua quoted a Maldives News Network article — a dubious source at best — which claimed that the "US politicization and deviancy from scientific facts on the origin tracing of the COVID-19 virus is a part of a false flag operation." In other words, the US is trying to hide its true motivations by studying the origins of the COVID-19 virus — a convenient narrative for Beijing, to say the least. At the same time, sometimes the memes hit uncomfortably close to home. One black-and-white specimen, for instance, paints the US as a global "super-spreader" by pointing out that it represents only four percent of the world's population but almost 18 percent of the world's caseload of COVID-19, figures that coincide with John Hopkins University's global tally. The US has indeed contributed greatly to the global spread of COVID-19 — and that's despite the widespread availability of vaccines. Simultaneously, the lab leak hypothesis has unquestionably been a heavily politicized topic among US lawmakers. After all, many members of Congress have a clear interest in painting China as enemy number one. It's a thorny issue. With Beijing repeatedly stepping in the way of official investigations, lab leak theories are bound to persist well into the future. There's also the fact that many experts doubt we will ever get a definitive answer as to where the virus truly originated. The Chinese government's aims are as obvious as they are sloppy. Xinhua repeatedly points out the US's many failings in responding to the global pandemic. But if vaccination rates, non-existent mask mandates, and general confusion as to how to respond to the threat of COVID-19 are anything to go by, it's more than a fair criticism. More on lab leak theories: The Lab Leak Theory Is a Tragic Hall of Mirrors Share This Article 
By some estimates, as a species, we generate quintillions of bytes of data every day. And as even NASA has learned the hard way, you can never have too many backups. The pCloud Premium Plus Cloud Storage 1-Year Subscription is built to ensure that you always have your photos, videos, and other crucial files backed up, no matter what. pCloud has a 4.3 out of 5-star rating on Cloudwards as it's both easy to use and secure. Unlike other sync services, there's no file size limit with pCloud, and you get 2TB of storage. Auto upload for your phone ensures that all the files you need to be backed up get into the cloud. You can also sync across multiple devices or specific folders, so if you just want your vacation photos preserved, it's as simple as picking the folder. All uploads use a 256-bit TLS/SSL connection, protecting data when uploading and downloading. Unlimited remote upload traffic keeps your backups running while you're on vacation or just on the go. And you can sync it with OneDrive, Dropbox, and Google Drive so if they go down, they don't take your files with them. Of course, backing up your photos and videos is only valuable if you can easily share them, and pCloud makes that simple as well. It's compatible with all major desktop and mobile platforms, and you can create download links that are password protected and come with expiration dates, controlling who looks at what. You can even choose what files get encrypted and which don't, so any sensitive information is protected. If you're worried about malware or are just tired of manually backing up your files, pCloud makes it as simple as booting up. Get the pCloud Premium Plus Cloud Storage 1-Year Subscription for $29.99, down from $95. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the http://Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Here's a question you probably haven't asked yourself: what would happen if you threw all 7.88 billion humans on Earth into one gigantic blender and extracted the resulting goo of viscera into the shape of a ball? Fortunately, Redditor kiwi2703 took some valuable time out of their day to calculate the dimensions of said gore ball. The result: a giant, nightmarish — yet perfectly spherical — clump of guts almost one kilometer in diameter. Kiki2703 helpfully put the size of the ball  into perspective by rendering it hovering over Central Park in New York City. "That's one big meatball," a different Redditor chimed in. Did they get the math right? According to our back-of-the-envelope calculations, it just about checks out. If the density of a human being is 985 kg/m³ — humans are almost entirely water, which has a density of 1,000 kg/m³ — and the average human weighs 62 kilograms, you could squeeze about 16 humans into a cubic meter. So 7.88 billion people could therefore be squeezed into 496 million cubic meters. The volume of a sphere 1,000 meters across is 523 million cubic meters, so the resulting ball of human goo would indeed be slightly smaller than a sphere one kilometer in diameter. It's a terrifying thought. "I'm in this photo and I don't like it," another Redditor responded to the grizzly render. More on gore: Two Exoplanets Collided, Leaving a Trail of Planetary Gore Share This Article 
Traditionally, investing in fine art has been a financial strategy reserved only for the wealthy. But for most people, art investing comes with some significant drawbacks. For one thing, there’s no guarantee you’ll be able to find a buyer at the price you’re looking for, a particularly serious problem if you’re in need of liquidity. And of course, unless you happen to stumble upon a lost work by a master at a garage sale (possible, but not likely), a painting worth enough to be a good investment tends to be prohibitively expensive to begin with. But there’s a new way to invest in art that emphasizes the investment over the art: It’s called Masterworks. If you’re interested in art as a financial investment, Masterworks is the ideal way to do it. Once you secure an invitation to Masterworks, you can start investmenting in a plethora of paintings, all of which have been selected for maximum potential price appreciation. See important disclosures: mw-art.co/x. You might not know it, but artworks like the ones selected and curated for investment by Masterworks tend to historically be solid hedges against inflation. According to research on the subject, contemporary art prices in particular tend to benefit from falling interest rates and help provide protection in an inflationary environment, which some analysts say we’re headed towards now. One of the key words in investing in art with Masterworks is liquidity. Where traditionally art as an investment has poor liquidity, you can try to buy and sell shares of your art through Masterworks' Secondary Market any time you wish. Masterworks selects and acquires “blue chip” works of art from major auction houses, private collectors, and established galleries. The focus is on artwork representative of each artist’s mature style, so that they have a better chance to increase in value based on historical appreciation rates as well as an established track record of multiple multi-million-dollar sales annually. Put simply: no investment is 100-percent guaranteed, but the paintings available for investment on Masterworks are specifically selected to hopefully be as secure as art investment can get. Masterworks finds artists with strong historical appreciation and securitizes the best examples of their art by creating holding entities and selling securities to the public. This allows you to receive any pro rata proceeds if and when the painting sells (net of fees) -- and of course you also have the option to try and sell off your shares on their secondary market. Masterworks is available by invitation only, but if you’re ready to diversify your portfolio and give art investment a try, you can request an invitation at the official Masterworks site right here. See important disclosures: mw-art.co/x. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While it may be easier to turn a blind eye to what’s happening in our world and beyond, the truth is the more we know about something, the better we understand it, and the easier it may be to “fix” it if indeed it can or needs to be fixed. The pandemic, the rising temperatures, the floods, the hurricanes—all these and other disasters have brought to light just how fragile our world is. The state of the planet, the future of humankind, and the unknown entity of space all raise questions as to what is yet to come. These 10 books from Barnes & Noble offer insights into a variety of topics that affect our life here on earth. Some are dark and dystopian, others are uplifting and hopeful, but they are all thought-provoking, provocative, and inspiring. Beyond starting one of the most successful companies, Microsoft founder Bill Gates has a profound interest in climate change. In 2015 he spearheaded the formation of the Breakthrough Energy Coalition to fund clean energy initiatives. Over the past decade, together with experts in the field, he has concentrated on what we must do to stop our planet's almost inevitable demise. In this book, he outlines why we need a plan for eliminating greenhouse gas emissions and how we can do this. Now there’s a question that many of us ask ourselves. But beyond the philosophical, renowned biologist and Nobel-prize-winning scientist, Paul Nurse explores five key ideas that form the basis of biology, and of life itself— the cell, the gene, evolution by natural selection, life as chemistry, and life as information. There’s probably not a person in the world that hasn’t looked up into the sky and wondered, “How does the universe actually work?” Let bestselling authors and acclaimed astrophysicists Neil deGrasse Tyson, Michael A. Strauss, and J. Richard Gott take you on an unforgettable journey of exploration and explanation from our own solar system to the final frontiers. How did life begin? What is our place in the universe? Are we alone? Thought-provoking questions indeed, and uber-astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, together with James Trefil, a renowned physicist and science popularizer, take these on. Filled with dazzling photos and revealing graphics this book will take you on a journey into the wonders of the universe and beyond. There have been many claims of alien sightings, of UFOs hurtling through space, of close encounters of the third kind, none of which have ever been proven. But Harvard’s top astronomer, Avi Loeb, is convinced that in late 2017, he witnessed an object that he believes was a piece of advanced technology created by a distant alien civilization. This book outlines his controversial theory and its profound implications on science, religion, and on the future of our species and our planet. A #1 New York Times bestseller, The Code Breaker is a particularly timely and stimulating account of how 2020 Nobel Prize winner Jennifer Doudna and her colleagues launched a revolution that will allow us to cure diseases, fend off viruses, and have healthier babies. The book explores the technique of gene editing that she, together with Emmanuelle Charpentier, patented, known as CRISPR-Cas9, that makes it possible to selectively alter bits of DNA. Steve Johnson begins his book with an intriguing fact: in the last hundred years, our life expectancy has doubled. Modern medicine, better living conditions, technology—all these are factors that attribute to this, yes, but what other forces helped to lead to such a dramatic improvement? The New York Times best-selling author sets out to investigate. For the past 2,000 years, scientists have been trying to explain the universe. Theories abound—the big bang theory, string theory, quantum theory. Theoretical physicist and futurist, Michio Kaku has authored this New York Times bestselling book that explores melding these sciences together into one equation to answer some of the world’s deepest mysteries—the quest for a theory of everything. Looking back at 70,000 years of human history could help us predict the future, and Yuval Noah Harari does just that in his latest bestseller. Our life on earth has been fraught with disasters, disease, war, yet we have overcome. Is mankind evolving from Homo Sapien (wise human) to Homo Deus (god human)? Harari explores these predictions and more in this profound and insightful book. We see it happening already—animal species dying out, icebergs melting, land disappearing. Are we on the brink of another extinction? Journalist Elizabeth Kolbert looks at five previous mass extinction events spanning five hundred million years and compares them to what’s happening in our world today as a result of human-created global warming and ocean acidification, the destruction and fragmentation of forests, and our spread of invasive species around the world. All these books and more are available at Barnes & Noble. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There are many benefits to working from home. Even before the covid-19 pandemic, working from home had definite advantages -- no commute for one thing. However, there are many downsides as well. Specifically, there are constant distractions. But with an Autonomous WorkPod, you can work from home in a dedicated, distraction-free home office space without the hassle and expense of putting an extension on your house. That's because it will fit in almost any back yard. The old way of constructing a home office can be time-consuming as well as expensive. But an Autonomous WorkPod takes just a few hours to assemble, and was designed so that pretty much anyone can put it together. The company calls it “the ultimate Lego set for adults,” which certainly beats out converting an old bedroom, or putting your house in shambles for months while a traditional extension is completed by costly contractors.   You might assume that you’d be sacrificing quality and durability for convenience and simplicity, compared to a traditional onsite structure. But that simply isn’t the case. Every single step of the build, from every piece of lumber, every joint, and every seal, is precisely controlled and tested to exceed factory standards. In this way, an Autonomous WorkPod is actually sturdier than building a home office from scratch. Each WorkPod comes fully equipped with everything you need to make your workspace efficient, productive, and comfortable. They’re sound-insulated for privacy, peace, and quiet, but with floor-to-ceiling glass doors that give you a sense of openness with the environment around you. Your Autonomous WorkPod is completely wired and prepped with air conditioning, lighting, and outlets for your computer and any other appliances you need in your office. Just hook it up to a power source, and your entire office is totally energized -- just like you’ll be from being able to work in such an ideal working environment. No matter what your outdoor situation is, there’s a good chance that your Autonomous WorkPod will make a great fit. Its fuss-free foundation is built to stand strong for years on concrete, gravel, grass, or brick, and can be adjusted to suit uneven ground. And if you’re concerned about the weather, don’t be. The WorkPod is built to withstand temperatures from 60-below zero to 122 degrees, while its clever elevation fights off insects, heat, water, and mold. Here’s a complete list of what your all-inclusive Autonomous WorkPod comes with: So if you’re ready to optimize your work-from-home experience without any time-consuming construction projects, click here to learn more from the Autonomous WorkPod's official website. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The need for programmers is only getting larger. As new languages and approaches arise, more coders are needed to build websites, crunch data, and design programs. In fact, today's employees are being asked to build websites, design apps, and use data science in more complex and detailed ways, even in industries where coding isn't traditionally required. Whether you want to add coding to your resume or are already an experienced programmer looking for new languages to learn, The 2021 All-in-One Computer Science Certification Bundle is designed to keep you up to date. Each of the eleven courses in this bundle is taught by working programmers and experienced instructors, including former Google employees, computer science Ph.Ds, and professional trainers. Each course is built around code-along projects, where a concept is introduced, and then you implement it step-by-step to learn how it works. Beginners can choose from full courses in several popular languages, including Python, JavaScript, and C#. All are key to common programs, apps, and websites and a grounding in them will set the stage for the more advanced courses. They're also good if you want to get up to date on the start of the art in 2021. Once you know the basics, you can move on to pick a career focus. If you're interested in web development, you can master the essentials of JavaScript frameworks like jQuery and Angular, and then get full training in web app design with a Ruby on Rails bootcamp. Considering software development? There's a full course on C++ and a detailed look at software testing programs and the theory behind them. And if you're moving into machine learning, you can learn how to build chatbots and voice assistants, then turn to the data science that drives them. Get the 2021 All-in-One Computer Science Certification Bundle for $34.99, less than $4 per course. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Throughout the summer, you might have looked to the skies and noticed that the Sun looked distinctly scarier than usual. Maybe it’s taken on dark shades of crimson and burnt orange not-too-unlike that of hellfire and scorched brimstone. It’s also typically accompanied by smoke and bad air.  This is the dreaded "Doom Sun." It’s a phenomenon that’s typified by a hazy sky causing the Sun to take on its spooky, apocalyptic appearance.  Doom sun is back. pic.twitter.com/CvNzfle8JI — Jessica Christian (@jachristian) August 7, 2021  While it’s certainly surreal looking, it can’t be as bad as it looks… right? Well, actually it might be an indicator of some pretty bad things happening to our environment.  In fact, Doom Suns are typically seen in places where there are frequent forest fires like in California, Washington, and Colorado. The science behind it is fairly straightforward: The Sun typically shines red and orange light. Those colors have longer wavelengths than say blue or purple.  Smoke or other particulates scatter those light waves longer, making them appear more vibrant and vivid. Here’s a good example of this concept in action after the Pine Gulch fires in Colorado in 2020: Our sunset tonight with the smoke from the  #PineGulchFire approximately 45 miles southwest of where I live. We have an Air Quality Health Advisory in effect. #COwx pic.twitter.com/Dfbzz5V9l0 — TheNoirPoetographer (@NoirPoetograpy) August 10, 2020  Since smoke drifts and spreads with air currents, they can create Doom Suns in places hundreds or even thousands of miles away. For example, the Pine Gulch fires created a Doom Sun in Denver despite being more than 300 miles away from the fire itself.  #Denver tonight with an assist from the #PineGulchFire. pic.twitter.com/IfNjPYYiTo — John Orr (@CoyoteGulch) August 10, 2020  While Doom Suns used to be a primarily West Coast and Southeastern US issue, folks across the country have seen them as wildfires have been running more and more rampant.  Just this past summer, people in places as far away as New York City have seen Doom Suns due to massive forest fires in the West Coast and Canada.  A happy, hazy hump day! Smoke from the Western wildfires is continuing to invade our skies this morning. An advancing cold front generates scattered showers and thunderstorms later today, and a few may be severe. Good news is the front helps clear our skies out some tonight. pic.twitter.com/u7jIWmyX3z — NWS New York NY (@NWSNewYorkNY) July 21, 2021  Man-made pollution and smog can create Doom Sun events too, but these are more rare because smog particles aren’t as effective in scattering light, according to HowStuffWorks.  Smoke and debris from volcanic eruptions often result in some of the most frightening and gorgeous looking Doom Suns. Here’s a great looking sunset in Kansas that occurred after an eruption of the Kasatochi volcano in Alaska: They can also occur without a clear cause like a wildfire or smog, which further adds to the horrifying mystique of the spectacle.  It’s definitely worth noting that no matter how cool a Doom Sun looks, you absolutely should not stare at them. Just because there’s smoke in the way (and the Sun looks more awesome than it’s ever looked before) doesn’t mean direct sunlight won’t have a disastrous effect on your eyesite.  Fight the allure to stare at the Doom Sun. Fight it! Instead, we recommend you just look at pictures of them instead. Here are a few to hold you over the next time a Doom Sun appears above your head: Here’s what our sun and sky look like in our Southern California town due to the fires. pic.twitter.com/RvGHpsr9gj — Christopher Cantwell (@ifyoucantwell) September 8, 2020  I’m not an expert but this seems like a bad thing pic.twitter.com/Oo5p3s7F2v — brett (free palestine 🇵🇸) (@UncleRamrod) August 21, 2020  Obligatory photo of the Doom Sun in Sydney this arvo pic.twitter.com/mnLl8xOw72 — thegreenrat (@thegreenrat) December 5, 2019  In the end, Doom Suns are a scary, beautiful, and sobering reminder of our negative impact on the environment.  If we don’t change course soon (and start toppling big corporations ravaging the Earth's environment), we can expect to see them more often than we see the regular Sun. More on pollution: Pollution Runoff Causes Entire Lake to Turn Bright Pink Share This Article 
Who says astronauts can’t participate in the Olympics too?  While the world’s best athletes are running and jumping for medals in Tokyo, a different kind of competition happened 250 miles above their heads as the astronauts of the International Space Station (ISS) held their own Olympic games.  French astronaut Thomas Pesquet posted a series of delightful tweets wherein the astronauts aboard the ISS competed in a variety of games on Friday. It included the lack-of-floor routine: Space #Olympics 1/4:Lack-of-floor routine – much 👏 to Pyotr for completing his routine without touching anything, a difficult feat! 🥇Gym hors-sol – on ne dirait pas comme ça, mais les immobilisations en plein vol de Piotr requièrent une grande expérience#MissionAlpha pic.twitter.com/gXAHSHHmcu — Thomas Pesquet (@Thom_astro) August 6, 2021  No-hand ball: Space #Olympics 2/4:No-handball – we had to adapt the rules a bit during the match, much investment on both sides for the win.🏐Handball sans les mains – les règles ont dû être adaptées au cours d’un match que nous décrirons sobrement comme intense. pic.twitter.com/dVOv3GRThD — Thomas Pesquet (@Thom_astro) August 6, 2021  Synchronised space swimming: Space #Olympics 3/4:Synchronised space swimming – an opportunity to show teamwork and crew cohesion.🤝Flottation synchronisée – l’occasion de démontrer une des plus importantes compétences un astronaute : l’esprit d’équipe #MissionAlpha pic.twitter.com/Ljo65AkzNQ — Thomas Pesquet (@Thom_astro) August 6, 2021  And weightless sharpshooting: Space #Olympics 4/4:Weightless sharpshooting – concentration and skill (or luck) proved necessary to reach the target. 🎯Tir sans gravité – concentration et persévérance ont dicté cette épreuve pour bien négocier la trajectoire des élastiques#MissionAlpha pic.twitter.com/eV2cSxEWQ5 — Thomas Pesquet (@Thom_astro) August 6, 2021  Pesquet announced the start of the "very first Space Olympics" on Twitter last week to mark the beginning of the Tokyo Olympics. The crew even decked out the ISS in country flags for the occasion.  Instead of pitting the "athletes" up by country, though, the ISS astronauts put their own spin on things. "For crew cohesion, we put together a friendly competition between the #Soyuz team and the #CrewDragon team," Pesquet tweeted.  The very first Space @Olympics!!! For crew cohesion, we put together a friendly competition between the #Soyuz team and the #CrewDragon team. With sports specific to space, mind you 😀 https://t.co/u5hSoGPWdS #MissionAlpha pic.twitter.com/STG6Zmr8H3 — Thomas Pesquet (@Thom_astro) July 24, 2021  While there's been no update as to which team got gold and silver, it's fair to say that Crew Dragon demolished Russia’s Soyuz crew in the synchronized space swimming competition — though, Soyuz's no-floor routine could give Simone Biles a run for her money. No word yet on whether or not the Russian crew passed their doping test. All joking aside, the videos are a hilarious and downright heartwarming showcase of the fun and camaraderie that nations can have when working together. We can all definitely learn a thing or two from our amazing astronauts on the ISS… or at least, a few new dance moves.  More on ISS: Russia Will Investigate Whether Space Station Suffered Damage During Incident Share This Article 
For better or for worse, webinars and videoconferencing have moved from ways to meet cute animals to the center of our professional lives. LiveWebinar Pro makes running a webinar a seamless, painless experience by putting every tool you need at your fingertips. First, LiveWebinar is easy to set up and use to design your presentation, down to the last detail. Because it's on a cloud platform, there are no compatibility problems to reconcile or software to download, either for presenters or attendees. Up to 100 attendees can watch on a smart TV, for hybrid events, on their mobile device when they're on the go, and there's even a phone bridge if they lose data. The advanced API integration connects to all the tools you've already set up for your business, including marketing automation tools like Zapier and Mailchimp. Social media tools make setting up streams to Facebook, YouTube, and Vimeo simple. And customized branding and virtual backgrounds mean you'll be promoting your business, not your webinar software. Once the rehearsals are done and the RSVPs accepted, LiveWebinar makes running your webinar simple. Its superior screen-sharing tools ensure a smooth handoff between presenters, and a personal cloud for files means you won't have to leave anything open on your desktop. It's easy to deploy user engagement tools like surveys and polls, and you can even set up virtual whiteboards to brainstorm and encourage ideas. Once you're done, the quick recording tools give you up to six hours of video to share with the attendees who couldn't make it and the analytics will tell you who was engaged and who you need to follow up with. Whether you're selling virtually, working on breakouts internally, or are presenting as part of your marketing campaign, it lets you focus on results, not configuration. Get a lifetime subscription to LiveWebinarPro today for $99.99, or 86 percent off.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Jake Gyllenhaal has become the latest celebrity to shun our water-wasting shower habits. In a new interview with Vanity Fair, the movie star admitted that "more and more I find bathing to be less necessary, at times." "I do believe, because Elvis Costello is wonderful, that good manners and bad breath get you nowhere," he added. "So I do that. But I do also think that there’s a whole world of not bathing that is also really helpful for skin maintenance, and we naturally clean ourselves." While Gyllenhaal didn't express any specific concerns over the world's current and future problems with water scarcity — which are already impacting Hollywood's home on the west coast — the topic is more pertinent than ever. Climate change is ravaging the globe, triggering megadroughts. The trend is only getting worse, with experts predicting far more droughts and floods in coming years. Even Wall Street is starting to bet on water futures. In the face of all that, Americans take eight minute showers on average, using about 2.5 gallons of water per minute, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. All told, Americans use an estimated one trillion gallons of water a year just on showering. Having to heat the water only adds to the problem, using considerable amounts of energy. So what should we do about it? Celebrities are starting to speak out and say that maybe — just maybe — we're bathing too frequently. Gyllenhaal's comments echo the sentiments of other A-listers. Just last week, Hollywood power couple Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher discussed their own bathing habits. On a recent episode of the podcast "Armchair Expert," hosted by actor Dax Shepard, the couple announced they only bathe their children when "you can see dirt on them." "Otherwise there's no point," Kutcher added. "I wash my armpits and my crotch daily, and nothing else ever," he told Shepard. "I got a bar of Lever 2000 that delivers every time." Shepard's wife, acclaimed actor Kristen Bell, also said on a recent episode of The View that she is a "big fan of waiting for the stink" before the couple bathes their two children. The comments triggered a massive discussion surrounding personal hygiene on social media, with most pundits deriding the remarks and posting memes of children covered in dirt. Tabloids filled with headlines condemning the actors' hygiene habits as "gross." In reality, there's plenty of evidence that showering too much is not only bad for the environment but risky for our health as well. Studies have shown that pampering our bodies daily with a range of chemicals and products can lead to our skin's natural defensive mechanisms being eroded over time. The bottom line: spending time in nature, particularly when we're young, can help our body's microbiomes develop in healthy ways — especially when that means we have to "wait for the stink." To be sure, Hollywood actors coming out and saying they are showering less makes for catchy headlines. And while many of them may claim it's because of their skincare routine, that doesn't take away from the fact that showering less has plenty of other positive side effects as well. It's a win-win. Unnecessary showers are wasteful. Taking our skincare routines down a notch — while practicing excellent hand washing habits, of course — can not only benefit our own health but also send less water to treatment plants and waste less energy. So maybe we should all just take a page out of Bell's book and wait for the stink. READ MORE: Jake Gyllenhaal on Fast Boats, Extra-Thin Lox, and the Mysteries of Loofah [Vanity Fair] More on showers: Wall Street Is Now Betting on the Future of Water Supplies Share This Article 
Science funding is intended to support the production of new knowledge and ideas that develop new technologies, improve medical treatments and strengthen the economy. The idea goes back to influential engineer Vannevar Bush, who headed the U.S. Office of Scientific Research and Development during World War II. And the evidence is that science funding does have these effects. But, at a practical level, science funding from all sources supports research projects, the people who work on them, and the businesses that provide the equipment, materials and services used to carry them out. Given current proposed cuts to federal science funding—the Trump administration has, for instance, proposed a 20 percent reduction for the National Institutes of Health—it's important to know what types of people and businesses are touched by sponsored research projects. This information provides a window into the likely effects of funding cuts. Most existing research into the effects of science funding tries to quantify research artifacts, such as publications and patents, rather than tracking people. I’ve helped to start an emerging project called the UMETRICS initiative which takes a novel approach to thinking about innovation and science. At its core, UMETRICS views people as key to understanding science and innovation – people conduct research, people are the vectors by which ideas move around and, ultimately, people are one of the primary "products" of the research enterprise. UMETRICS identifies people employed on scientific projects at universities and the purchases made to carry out those projects. It then tracks people to the businesses and universities that hire them, and purchases to the vendors from which they come. Since UMETRICS relies entirely on administrative data provided by member universities (now around 50), the U.S. Census Bureau and other naturally occurring data, there are no reporting errors, sample coverage concerns, or burden for people. It covers essentially all federal research funding as well as some funding from private foundations. Our administrative data allows us to identify everyone employed on research projects, not just those who appear as authors on research articles. This is valuable because we're able to identify students and staff, who may be less likely to author papers than faculty and postdocs but who turn out to be an important part of the workforce on funded research projects. It's like taking into account everyone who works in a particular store, not just the manager and owner. We compared the distribution of people supported on research projects at some of the largest National Science Foundation (NSF) Divisions and National Institutes of Health (NIH) Institutes and Centers. Together, the NSF and NIH support close to 70 percent of federally funded academic R&D. The striking thing is that the majority of people employed on research projects are somewhere in the training pipeline, whether undergraduates; graduate students, who are particularly prevalent at NSF; or postdocs, who are more prevalent at NIH. Staff frequently constitute 40 percent of the NIH-supported workforce, but faculty are a relatively small portion of the workforce at all NIH Institutes and NSF Divisions. Based on these results, it seems likely that changes in federal research funding will have substantial effects on trainees, which would naturally have implications for the future STEM workforce. Given the importance of trainees in the research workforce, we have focused much of our research on graduate students. We mapped the universities in our sample and the share of the graduate students in each state one year after graduation. Our data shows that many grad students contribute to local economies – 12.7 percent are within 50 miles of the universities where they trained. For six of our eight universities, more people stayed in state than went to any other single state. At the same time, graduate students fan out nationally, with both coasts, Illinois and Texas all being common destinations. The doctoral recipients in our sample are also more likely to take jobs at establishments that are engines of the knowledge economy. They are heavily overrepresented in industries such as electronics, semiconductors, computers and pharmaceuticals, and underrepresented in industries such as restaurants, grocery stores and hotels. Doctoral degree recipients are almost four times as likely as the average U.S. worker to be employed by an R&D-performing firm (44 percent versus 12.6 percent). And, the establishments where the doctoral degree recipients work have a median payroll of over US$90,000 per worker compared to $33,000 for all U.S. establishments and $61,000 for establishments owned by R&D performing firms. We also studied initial earnings by field and found that earnings of doctoral degree recipients are highest in engineering, math and computer science, and physics. Among the STEM fields, the lowest earnings are in biology and health, but our data also suggests that many of the people in these fields take postdoc positions that have low earnings, which may improve long-run earnings prospects. Interestingly, we find that women have substantially lower earnings than men, but these differences are entirely accounted for by field of study, marital status, and presence of children. Taken as a whole, our research indicates that the workers trained on research projects play a critical role in the industries and at companies critical for our new, knowledge economy. Researchers need to buy the equipment they use to do their science. Michael Pereckas, CC BY-SA Another way in which sponsored research projects affect the economy in the short run is through purchases of equipment, supplies and services. Economist Paula Stephan writes eloquently of these transactions, which range from purchasing computers and software, to reagents, medical imaging equipment or telescopes, even to lab mice and rats. Still unpublished work studying the vendors who sell to sponsored research projects at universities shows that many of the firms selling to sponsored research projects are frequently high-tech and often local. Moreover, firms that are vendors to university research projects are more likely to open new establishments near their campus customers. Thus, there is some evidence that research projects directly stimulate local economies. So while the goal of sponsored research projects is to develop new knowledge, they also support the training of highly skilled STEM workers and support activity at businesses. The UMETRICS initiative allows us to see just which people and businesses are touched by sponsored research projects, providing a window into the short-run effects of research funding as well as hinting at its long-run value. Share This Article 
Apple has announced that it will scan every photo uploaded to its iCloud Photos in the US for images of child sexual abuse. The tech giant, however, isn't algorithmically scanning each image for problematic content — instead, it will be comparing each photo against a known database of what experts call child sexual abuse material (CSAM). If it finds any CSAM, it will report the user to law enforcement. On the surface, the initiative appears to be a morally sound effort to root out sexual abuse and identify perpetrators. But privacy advocates worry that the invasive technology could eventually be expanded to scan phones for other types of content as well — think pirated files, or signs of political dissent in totalitarian countries. It's a particularly troubling development because Apple has a huge interest in continuing to sell its products in China, a country where the government has put tremendous amounts of pressure on tech companies to give it access to user data. In fact, Apple has already given into China's demands in the past, agreeing to host user data for Chinese users in Chinese data centers, as Wired points out. The system will be included in upcoming versions of iOS, macOS, and iPadOS. Images uploaded to iCloud Photos, Apple's cloud-based photo storing service, will be compared to a list of images compiled by the US National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and other child safety organizations. "Apple further transforms this database into an unreadable set of hashes that is securely stored on users’ devices," the company's website reads. In other words, files will be stored as hashes and then compared to the known database of CSAM. "Apple does not learn anything about images that do not match the known CSAM database," the company clarified in a PDF accompanying the announcement. Even slightly edited versions of these known images will trigger an alert, according to Apple. Apple has used a similar hashing system to scan for CSAM being sent via email, as has Google's Gmail, as The Verge points out. So what about false positives? Being falsely accused of child pornography could be a huge problem. Apple claims "less than a one in one trillion chance per year of incorrectly flagging a given account." Employees will also manually verify any flags and only then make the decision to call the cops. Despite the safeguards, though, security researchers argue it's a slippery slope. "Regardless of what Apple's long term plans are, they've sent a very clear signal. In their (very influential) opinion, it is safe to build systems that scan users' phones for prohibited content," Matthew Green, a security researcher at Johns Hopkins University, told the BBC. "Whether they turn out to be right or wrong on that point hardly matters," he added. "This will break the dam — governments will demand it from everyone." Nadim Kobeissi, a cryptographer, told Wired that the initiative is a "very, very slippery slope" and that he "definitely will be switching to an Android phone if this continues." READ MORE: Apple to scan iPhones for child sex abuse images [BBC] More on sexual abuse: People Caught Using AI to Role-Play Sexual Abuse of Children Share This Article 
We love our dogs, and our dogs love us. So much so that they can help us diagnose cancer with just a sniff. Why not return the favor with the All-in-One DNA My Dog Breed Identification Test & Dog Training Bundle? First, you get the DNA My Dog Breed testing kit. This painless testing kit just requires a quick swab, which you send back in an included pre-paid envelope. Once the testing is complete, you'll receive a full certificate showing your dog's breed history and a report on dominant breeds and concerns. While the presence of one breed's genes doesn't mean your dog will automatically have the traits of that breed, it's useful data to share with your vet and your family so you can anticipate future concerns. Once you know their emotional makeup, you can work on their behavior. The bundle includes eight courses by animal trainer Sharon Bolt, who's been answering dog questions for the BBC since 2008 and has written multiple books on dog training and health. Each course breaks down dog training on specific topics, from aggression to leash training, into simple lessons that help you work with your dog. You also get courses looking at the needs of puppies, natural remedies, and raw diets. It's everything you need to be a better dog parent in concise courses you can take in an afternoon. If you show a particular knack for it, you can take it a step further. The bundle includes a course on becoming a professional dog trainer, and a second course on running a dog training business. They're also useful if you're not sure which trainer, or training facility, to take your dog to, helping you spot the professionals. Right now, you can get the All-in-One DNA My Dog Breed Identification Test & Dog Training Bundle for just $59.99. That's 95% off! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you work in a profession where you have to be on your feet, you're probably also a professional at avoiding slips and falls. Slips, trips, and falls are the third most common type of non-fatal work-related injuries in the United States. A recent study found that workers given highly-rated slip-resistant shoes had a 67-percent reduction in work-related injuries. Unfortunately, work-appropriate non-slip, waterproof shoes can be expensive, and they're almost never fashionable. Luckily, Snibbs were made for hard workers like you. If you're on your feet all day and need a stable, slip-resistant pair of work shoes that are also stylish and afrodable, you need the Snibbs Spacecloud Work Sneaker. After all, you do your job well, so you deserve shoes that do the same. (Futurism Readers: Use promo code IWANTMY10 at checkout for a 10% discount.) Snibbs Spacecloud Work Sneakers are versatile work shoes carefully designed for a multitude of different industries and general lifestyle use. The Snibbs team wanted to build something truly special, something that could be called best-in-class. Working with various developers and designers, the team explored all possible construction options. In all cases, the best performing and most comfortable materials were used, regardless of the cost, to ensure they built the BEST work shoe possible. The result is a slip-on work shoe designed for all-day comfort that's still aesthetically pleasing, but is also slip-resistant, water-resistant, and features custom formulated Ortholite insoles. Snibbs Spacecloud Work Sneaker bridges the gap between comfort, function, and aesthetics, a common dilemma in the work shoe category. This is possible because Snibbs shoes are engineered by industry veterans with the utmost comfort and design in mind. The result is a universal work shoe designed for use by anyone who is on their feet for long periods of time, whether they’re standing in place or constantly in motion. Snibbs footwear is the result of over three years of research, development, and testing, and utilizes the highest quality materials and orthopedic features. This includes a water-resistant upper and slip-resistant outsole, as well as a slip-resistant sole. Working near liquids is dangerous, so wearing footwear to help you resist slipping is crucial, as is keeping unwanted liquids outside, and your feet dry. Snibbs Spacecloud Work Sneakers are designed for people who spend hours working on their feet by people who know what that life is like. Snibbs is the brainchild of Chef Daniel Shemtob, Dr. Jason C. Snibbe, and Haik Zadoyan. Together they used their combined experience to design and build a better workplace footwear solution. Since its inception, Snibbs has improved the lives of countless working professionals. This includes medical professionals, barbers, chefs, teachers, hospitality professionals, bartenders, servers, retail employees, event production staff, set crew,  security guards, and people like you. (Don't Forget: Use promo code IWANTMY10 at checkout for a 10% discount.) With Snibbs you're investing in all-day comfort so when you're off the clock, you can enjoy yourself instead of tending to your aching body. Snibbs is so confident in their product, they offer a 30-day trial of any of their shoes. Simply try them for 30-days and if you're not impressed, return or exchange them for free. So what are you waiting for? Click here to try Snibbs Spacecloud Work Sneakers, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you're looking to change careers or add new coding languages to your resume, these courses will get you up to speed fast. And they're available at some of the lowest prices of the year thanks to our Semi-Annual Sale, but only for a limited time. Use code ANNUAL60 to get 60% off the sale price when you check out. C# is a general-purpose language used across the industry, especially in systems like Microsoft's .NET. The SkillSuccess team takes you through the basics up to mastery using code-along projects. Design your own video games, build your own apps, and master code along the way! Get the Complete C# Programming Bundle: Lifetime Access for $11.60 (reg. $1,393) with code ANNUAL60. If you're online, PHP has probably made your life easier; it's used to build unique and powerful apps that live on the web. Simon Sez IT teaches you how to make this powerful, useful language your own. Each course will guide you through designing web apps from the quirky to the useful. Get the Ultimate PHP Training Bundle for $7.60 (reg. $97) with code ANNUAL60. JavaScript is one of the three coding languages, along with HTML and CSS, that make the internet what it is. Educator and JavaScript expert Laurence Svekis lays out how to use it to build more effective websites, fun widgets, and useful tools. The course closes with an exploration into how Java ties into other languages. Get the Comprehensive JavaScript Bundle for $12.40 (reg. $1,492) with code ANNUAL60. Shell scripts are programs designed to be run in Unix, and if you want to be a professional coder, understanding shell is essential. eduCBA breaks down what you need to know into four courses, with sixteen hours of instructions. The ultimate goal is to learn to automate Unix tasks, the key to a career in industrial software. Get the Shell Developer Master Class Bundle for $8 (reg. $399) with code ANNUAL60. You'll find C++ on servers, in your favorite video games, and even in space probes, it's that powerful and reliable. These three courses from software engineer and trainer John Purcell are designed for anybody to start learning, whether you know some C++ already or are just starting. Get the C++ Programming Bundle: Beginner to Expert for $6 (reg. $600) with code ANNUAL60. Java is a coding language designed to be written once and then run on anything that can understand Java. Webucator demonstrates that principle with these ten concise courses built around code-along projects that introduce you to each topic in-depth. By the conclusion of the course, you'll have a solid foundation in Java to build on for your own projects. Get the 2021 Java Bootcamp Bundle for $14.40 (reg. $990) with code ANNUAL60. Not sure where to start in learning to code? Pick up this bundle, which has over 2700 lessons on everything from mobile app development to industrial coding languages. Each course is comprehensive and will set you up for any coding career you might be considering. Get the Premium Learn to Code 2021 Certification Bundle for $24 (reg. $4,056) with code ANNUAL60. Python is named for its goals, to be both powerful and flexible, and like its namesake, it can be hard to pin down even if you know it well. iCollege offers a broad spectrum of courses on the latest in Python, plus courses for beginners to get caught up. Get the Complete 2021 Python Expert Super Bundle for $24 (reg. $3,540) with code ANNUAL60. The preferred programming language for iOS apps, Swift lives up to its name by the state of the art moving quickly. This bundle includes a full instructional course, a detailed look at coding in Swift for all Apple platforms, and an exploration of animations in Swift. Get the Complete SwiftUI Developer Bundle for $10 (reg. $600) with code ANNUAL60. Skill Success breaks out everything you need to know about SQL and how it drives data science. You'll build queries, set up servers, develop databases, and more. Get the Complete 2021 SQL Master Class Bundle for $8 (reg. $1,393) with code ANNUAL60. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Whether you're a podcast fan or need new earbuds for your workout, we've got all the audio you need. With this Semi-Annual Sale, you can save an extra 15% off these already discounted earbuds using code ANNUAL15. But act fast: These deals are only available for a limited time. Pictured above, the xS2 from xFyro is designed to go literally anywhere, even the pool. The IP67 waterproofing and Bluetooth 4.2 ensures you'll have your audio no matter what. Get the xFyro xS2 Waterproof Wireless Earphones for $67.99 (reg. $249) with code ANNUAL15. For the moments where you need something discreet and stylish, these 1More buds match with anything. And they sound great too, with Qualcomm aptX™ Audio Technology and an AAC hi-res transmission pushing audio to 7mm dynamic drivers. Get the 1More Stylish True Wireless In-Ear Headphones for $84.99 (reg. $119) with code ANNUAL15. Rated 4.2 out of 5 stars on Amazon, the HyperSonic Lite features LinearFlux DL02 Immersive Sound Engine, which is carefully tuned to get the best results from your streaming music. They're IPX6 water-resistant and designed to limit ear fatigue, so you can listen all day. Get the HyperSonic Lite True Wireless Earphones for $42.49 (reg. $79) with code ANNUAL15. With a 33 foot range, you can put your phone down and just listen with the Veho STIX. They're also splashproof and have Smart Touch controls, so you're never stuck listening to a bad track. Get the Veho STIX True Wireless Earphones for $89.95 (reg. $249) with code VEHO160. The X5 offers 35 hours of listening before you have to recharge, thanks to its case. The Bluetooth 5.0 keeps you connected, and the soft, expanding silicon tips give you an audio space all your own. Get the TREBLAB X5 True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds for $42.49 (reg. $99) with code ANNUAL15. The X3 Pro's ear hooks ensure your buds always stay in. The 11mm drivers and 9 hours of battery life ensure you're always listening. Get the TREBLAB X3 Pro: True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds with Earhooks for $54.39 (reg. $99) with code ANNUAL15. These headphones combine noise-canceling technologies for maximum quiet. But you won't feel plugged up, as they're designed to prevent that "stethoscope" feeling as well. Get the PaMu Quiet Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Earbuds for $84.99 (reg. $119) with code ANNUAL15. Use the LUNE's active noise cancelling to give yourself a little quiet space. And when you need to hear the world around you, flip on transparent mode. Get the LUNE Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Earbuds for $76.46 (reg. $99) with code ANNUAL15. With the charging case, you get up to 150 hours of listening time with these Nokia earbuds. Paired with the graphene drivers and Bluetooth 5.0, it's perfect for the road. Get the Nokia Power Earbuds for $84.15 (reg. $149) with code ANNUAL15. The Raycon E50 is built for daily life, with passive noise cancellation, water resistance, and Bluetooth 5.0. They're the perfect earbuds for a commute, a workout, and unwinding after a long day. Get the Raycon E50 Wireless Bluetooth 5.0 Earbuds for $55.24 (reg. $119) with code ANNUAL15. The xFyro Active Noise Cancelling headphones don't just use a chip to block out unwanted sound. They use onboard AI and a four-microphone array to dynamically adjust sound cancellation for your environment. Get the xFyro Active Noise Cancelling AI-Powered Wireless Earbuds for $40 (reg. $250) with code XFYRO5. The Beacon doesn't just look good in your ears. Compatible with voice assistants and built with automatic pairing, it's the perfect set of earbuds for getting work done. Get the Beacon 2.0 True Wireless Earbuds for $84.99 (reg. $129) with code ANNUAL15. With 90 hours of listening time, thanks to the case, the Palladium earbuds are ideal for your next trip. And with Bluetooth 5.0, you'll never have a dropped call or skipped beat. Get the Palladium Wireless Earbuds for $67.99 (reg. $99) with code ANNUAL15. These rugged buds have IPX67 waterproofing and comfortable ear hooks to stay in no matter how rocky the trail or bumpy the ride. And the touch controls make it easy to stay focused or take a call as you hustle. Get the Culture Wireless Waterproof SportBuds for $55.24 (reg. $94) with code ANNUAL15. Unwind anywhere with 1MORE’s QuietMax technology. It combines hybrid ANC technology, precise audio tuning, dual-band ANC and wind noise reduction to create a perfect audio space to just listen to what you want away from the world. Get the ComfoBuds Pro True Wireless Headphones for $76.49 (reg. $105) with code ANNUAL15. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
IT careers are taking off, and even careers outside IT are demanding new computer skills, so what better way to jumpstart or boost your career than by earning an IT certification? For a limited time, you can save 60% off these ten courses designed to boost your IT career. Be sure to enter ANNUAL60 at checkout for your Semi-Annual Sale discount! Created by ECUBA, one of the top skill-based education teams, this bundle explores everything you need to know about Oracle in the workplace. It explores data recovery, flashback, cloning, and more across 17 courses. And it comes complete with a certificate of completion. Get the Complete Oracle Master Class Bundle for $12 (reg. $399) with code ANNUAL60. Whizlabs walks you through everything you need to know about the Google Cloud in this seven-course bundle. It uses code-along projects to teach you security, data engineering, cloud development, and other skills. You'll even take practice exams so you can get the certification the first time. Get the Google Cloud Certifications Practice Tests + Courses Bundle for $12 (reg. $639) with code ANNUAL60. Presented by Integrity Training and Total Seminars, these 22 courses contain everything you need to know to get a broad range of IT certifications. Whether you're just starting out, or exploring a new platform, each course details what you most need to know to pass the exam and get certified. And even better, you'll learn how these different networking and cloud disciplines connect. Get the 2021 All-In-One AWS, Cisco & CompTIA Super Certification Bundle for $39.60 (reg. $4,378) with code ANNUAL60. Scott Duffy and Anand Nednur start with the basics of Microsoft's cloud, at AZ-104, and take you right up to advanced certifications. Each course digs deep into important aspects of Azure you may not learn about studying for the exam, as well. By the time you finish, you'll have a broad grounding in how this cloud platform functions in a business environment. Get the 2021 Complete Microsoft Azure Certification Prep Bundle for $14 (reg. $1,194) with code ANNUAL60. Learn white-hat hacking from the ethical hackers themselves. This bundle goes through standard network testing tools, penetration testing, social engineering, and much more. Along the way, you'll learn how networks are breached and how to head off black hats at the pass. Get the All-In-One 2021 Super-Sized Ethical Hacking Bundle for $17.20 (reg. $3,284) with code ANNUAL60. Taught by the iCollege team, this bundle starts with the very basics of CompTIA certifications and then blossoms out to fifteen more certifications touching a wide range of IT career paths. Whether you want to go into cybersecurity, networking, or get a CIO job, this has the tools you need to get certified. Each course goes in-depth, so you can build your career as you progress through the bundle Get the 2021 Complete CompTIA Certification Prep Super Bundle for $27.60 (reg. $4,400) with code ANNUAL60. The iCollege team shows you the latest in cybersecurity, in 24 comprehensive courses. Each course gets into the nitty-gritty of an important topic, from protecting Linux systems to securing CompTIA certifications. You'll also learn how to stay in compliance with changing cybersecurity laws. Get the Complete 2021 CyberSecurity Super Bundle for $28 (reg. $7,080) with code ANNUAL60. Amazon offers much more than eCommerce. This DevOps bundle is taught by expert Amazon Web Services developers who get you hands-on with the code to learn how to build pipelines, automate tasks, and much more in the AWS cloud. The bundle closes with a complete overview of the certification exams you need to launch an AWS DevOps career. Get the 2021 Complete AWS DevOps Engineer Certification Bundle for $16 (reg. $2,200) with code ANNUAL60. ITU Online breaks down Cisco's two key networking certifications in these two courses. The first course spends 46 hours looking at every detail of the CCNA exam and what it takes to become certified. The second builds on the first to secure the CCNP credential. Get the 2021 Cisco CCNA & CCNP Certification Training Bundle for $20 (reg. $198) with code ANNUAL60. Working in cybersecurity means you're constantly learning. Infosec4TC makes it easy to stay current with lifetime access to detailed courses on the latest topics. Furthermore, it has some of the highest pass rates of any certification authority, so staying current on your resume is easy as well. Get an Infosec4TC Platinum Membership: Cyber Security Training Lifetime Access for $27.60 (reg. $999) with code ANNUAL60.   Share This Article 
It shouldn't be surprising by now to learn that the Arctic is melting at an alarming rate thanks to worsening climate change — and spelling bad news for the rest of the planet. But sometimes it can be hard to conceptualize the vast scale of the problem, or how big of an impact it'll have on the rest of us, thousands of miles away. Well, new World Meteorological Organization data may help paint a mental picture. The organization reports that the amount of ice that melted in Greenland just on this Tuesday alone would be enough to submerge the entire state of Florida in two inches of water. "It's a significant melt," University of Colorado snow and ice researcher Ted Scambos told CNN. "July 27th saw most of the eastern half of Greenland from the northern tip all the way to the southern tip mostly melted, which is unusual." A massive ice melting event is taking place in #Greenland, according to @PolarPortal It would be enough to cover Florida in 2 inches (5 cm) of water Not as extreme as 2019 in terms of gigatons but the melt area is a bit larger than 2 years ago.#ClimateChange #ClimateAction pic.twitter.com/Ai7RaWWebK — World Meteorological Organization (@WMO) July 29, 2021  Using one "Florida" as a unit of measurement may come across as a little too on-the-nose, given that the coastal state is at particularly high risk of flooding as climate change continues to get worse. So whether or not the comparison came across as tasteless, it does serve as a dire, pertinent warning for the area. Unless world leaders take urgent and drastic climate action, the melt will likely only accelerate over the coming years. "In the past decade, we've already seen that surface melting in Greenland has become both more severe and more erratic," University of Leeds glaciologist Thomas Slater told CNN. "As the atmosphere continues to warm over Greenland, events such as yesterday's extreme melting will become more frequent." Slater published research in the journal Cryosphere earlier this year that measured the amount of ice that's melted since the 1990s — a whopping 30.8 trillion tons — most of which came from the Arctic. Perhaps most shocking is the fact that Tuesday's melt didn't break any records. Greenland has seen more ice melt over shorter periods of time in recent history. But Tuesday's ice melt came from a broader swath of the region than before, hinting at an increasingly widespread problem in the future. "Overall, we're seeing that Greenland melts more often," Scambos told CNN. "In previous decades or centuries, it's extremely rare to get above freezing temperatures at the summit of Greenland." READ MORE: The amount of Greenland ice that melted on Tuesday could cover Florida in 2 inches of water [CNN] More on melting ice: World's Glaciers Melting Way, Way Faster Than We Thought Share This Article 
Science kits have gotten serious upgrades since the days of chemistry sets and seed packets. Check out these ten STEM DIY kits the whole family can enjoy, all at an extra 15 percent off the sale price. But act fast, because these deals are only available for a limited time. Pictured above, this kit shows kids where robotics and coding intersect. First, you put together the bot, which includes an HC-SR04 ultrasonic ranging module to avoid obstacles. Then, use the included coding tools, designed with beginners in mind, to teach it to dance, kick, and walk. Get the SunFounder Nano DIY 4-DOF Robot Kit for $39.91 (reg. $59) with code ANNUAL15. Circuit Scribe teaches electrical engineering without the need to bust out the soldering iron. Using a conductive ink pen and standard office paper, kids can use templates and creativity to draw their own circuits and bring them to life. It's also compatible with Arduino microcontrollers to use with more advanced projects. Get the Circuit Scribe: DIY Ultra Kit for $58.64 (reg. $99) with code ANNUAL15. For more advanced robotics, it's time to deploy the Smart Nano Bots. Packaged like trading cards, each robot in this set can be popped out as parts and put together with step-by-step instructions. The set includes a full tool kit, so you can get started right away! Get the Smart Nano Bots PCB Construction Set + Toolkit for $110.46 (reg. $179) with code ANNUAL15. Designed for kids 8 to 13, this kit was designed to encourage kids' engineering and coding skills. Using an Arduino microcontroller as the base, kids will build and code their very own autonomous vehicle. It's fully compatible with brick building systems, as well, opening the door to a huge number of projects. Get the DIY Autonomous Vehicle Kit for $191.24 (reg. $249) with code ANNUAL15. This kit comes with all the parts you need to not only build a Tesla coil but understand how it works. It's perfect for musically minded kids, as you can connect it to a MIDI controller and play any MIDI song. And if that doesn't impress, the 20" sparks it generates will. Get the oneTeslaTS DIY Musical Coil Kit for $339.99 (reg. $449) with code ANNUAL15. This tiny DIY console starts with a simple-to-build kit that shows kids the basics of electronics engineering. Yet the real fun comes in the coding, as you can plug the console into your computer and build your own games. The code editor is designed to make coding easy, and the software is open-source, so kids 9 and up can build any game they can imagine. Get the Nibble Educational DIY Game Console for $67.96 (reg. $79) with code ANNUAL15. This tiny drone helps kids learn the basics of flight. With several different forms to assemble it into, kids can learn about aerodynamics and load balance. Plus, once they're done, they can fly it themselves, doing stunt flips and tricks. Get the DIY Building Block STEM Drone for $42.49 (reg. $129) with code ANNUAL15. Based on the Bentley Speed Six, this 146-piece model, which really works, shows off the basics of mechanical engineering. Each piece is made of stainless steel and artificial leather, so it looks great. And the finished model is perfect for display once you're done. Get the Metal Vehicle DIY Model Kit for $101.96 (reg. $119.95) with code ANNUAL15. Spencer gives kids their very own voice assistant to code and customize. First, you'll solder Spencer together using the step-by-step instructions, learning electrical engineering, LED grids, and more along the way. Then you'll use CircuitBlocks, an easy-to-use coding language built on C+ and C++, to teach it exactly how to react when you ask a question, a great introduction to coding. Get the Spencer DIY Voice Assistant for $84.99 (reg. $119) with code ANNUAL15. This kid comes with everything you need, including official Legos to build it with. It includes a flexible circuit board to introduce circuit-minded kids to the concept and comes with a battery pack. Just don't take it up to 88 miles an hour! Get the Flux Capacitor with Animated LED Lights Kit for $46.74 (reg. $64) with code ANNUAL15. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Space is an increasingly busy place, especially with the influx of billionaire-funded space launches. And while that's led to scientific innovation and growing space programs, these trips mostly fall short of our nearest neighbor: the Moon. This renewed interest in space will inevitably result in more frequent trips to the Moon, creating new opportunities to celebrate and remember those we love. LifeShip has three different ways to give the Moon a personal meaning, and astronomy lovers can take 15 percent off these kits using code ANNUAL15 as part of our Semi-Annual Sale. Built on the idea that we all have a role in exploring space, LifeShip is working to preserve the genetic biodiversity and memory of Earth. It does this by preserving genetic material, cremains, and other biological material in synthetic amber. Once it's preserved, it's stored in a time capsule sent to the Moon as part of space missions up there. This is for two reasons: One, it gives the Moon personal meaning; you can look up and always know where a little bit of somebody you love is. Two, the Moon is ideal for protecting and preserving important material. There's very little that can damage the capsule once it's placed, and the lander includes a biosphere biobank and a full archive of Wikipedia to preserve a sense of the Earth. First, choose your LifeShip kit. There's an Ashes Kit is for those who've left us, a DNA Kit for those still with us, and a Pet Kit for our animals. Simply take the sample as noted in the instructions, and mail it to LifeShip with a prepaid return envelope included. Then, when your capsule mission is scheduled, you'll get a VIP pass to watch the launch live, and get a personalized digital certificate when the lander arrives. You'll not only back up your DNA, but you'll also help back up the Earth. Get LifeShip’s Ashes Kit for $305.99 (reg. $399) with code ANNUAL15. Get LifeShip’s DNA Kit for $76.49 (reg. $99) with code ANNUAL15. Get LifeShip's Pet Kit for $76.49 (reg. $99) with code ANNUAL15. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While we're still working out the kinks of using augmented reality in our day-to-day lives, in the classroom AR is helping kids learn by bringing new life to old school tech. The Orboot Earth Augmented Reality Globe does its part by turning the standard globe into an interactive play space for kids of all ages and making STEM fun in a new way. Designed for kids 4 to 10, the globe itself is rugged, so it can handle time in the playroom. At 10.2" x 10.2" x 13.5" and 2.64 pounds, it's easy to place on desks or tables for kids to spin it and look at. Furthermore, instead of borders and names that may be out of date, it's instead covered with natural features, notable monuments, and other aspects of the nations of the world kids want to know. Even before you start the app, it's a great introduction to the joys of geography. It's when you start the Orboot app, available on iOS and Android, that the globe really shines, though. As you use your tablet to look at various spots, the app brings the globe to life, turning the 2D images into 3D ones and bringing out over 400 highlights and over 1,000 world facts. Kids learn about wildlife, cultures, food, heritage, history, and of course, maps by scanning with the app and having materials pop up in front of them. In addition to touring the world, kids can engage in fact challenges, solve mysteries, and build their own park with the animals they find. Nor does the interactivity stop with the app. The globe comes with a passport, country flag stickers, and stamps to create your own itinerary inside your house. The Orboot Earth Augmented Reality Interactive Globe is on sale for $54.99, but you can save an extra 15% when you use code ANNUAL15 at checkout, lowering the price to $46.74. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you know anything at all about nutrition, you know that very few of us are getting all the nutrients we need for our bodies and minds to work at their best. One way to solve this problem is by taking vitamins regularly, but the generic multivitamins you can get at the grocery store are designed with a kind of one-size-fits-all approach, so the chances of you getting everything you need without anything you don't are low, to say the least. Enter Rootine, a personalized vitamin regimen that uses of cutting edge analysis to take into account your lifestyle, your blood nutrient levels, and even your DNA. By signing up with Rootine, you're improving on your typical over-the-counter multivitamins in two key ways. First off is the somewhat disturbing fact that with most multivitamins, your body isn't even able to absorb most of the vitamins into your system as a result of flaws inherent in the usual oral delivery method and its poor bioavailability. When you take regular multivitamins, the sad truth is that a lot of the vitamins therein are flushed out of your body before it has a chance to absorb them. But Rootine's slow-release microbead delivery system is different. The microbeads get dissolved and absorbed over the course of 10+ hours so that not a single microgram of nutrition gets lost in the shuffle, and the result is your body gets everything it needs from Rootine without any vitamins wasted. The second problem is more complicated. Thanks to a little thing called genetics, every human absorbs vitamins and nutrients differently, and anything that's on a shelf for general consumption can't hope to be an optimum source of vitamins. But Rootine uses a system of "nutrigenetics and metabolomics" that can exactly what nutrients your body needs and is capable of absorbing in which precise quantities. As you have probably already gleaned, the science that powers Rootine is pretty advanced. But on the user's end, it couldn't be simpler. You start by taking a quick, two-minute "lifestyle quiz" on the Rootine website. Then, Rootine will send you your cheek swab DNA test that you perform yourself and then send back. After that, Rootine runs their tests, analyzes your samples, and creates a custom report with nutrient dose recommendations, all of which is shared via their secure online customer dashboard, then it uses that same data to create your own personalized daily vitamin regimen. So if you're ready to do your body a favor and forget about generic multivitamins, head over to the Rootine online store now and get started for just $2 a day for your first 90-day supply. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While many of us are making our way back to the daily grind of the office, there are still more workers than ever doing their jobs from home, using teleconferencing and video calls on platforms like Skype, Zoom, Google Meet, just to name a few. And they still have to deal with all the large and small noises and distractions that can happen when you try to use your home as an office. However, a miraculous noise-cancelling app called Krisp can put an end to unwanted noises, on both ends of the call, once and for all. Krisp is an AI-powered app that removes background noise and echoes from calls and other online audio communication, leaving only the voices of the participants. It was named one of TIME’s 100-best inventions of 2020, and Forbes’ called it one of the most promising artificial intelligence companies of 2020. But you have to really hear for yourself how it works if you want to know how much of a gamechanger it can be. Krisp works its magic on both sides of calls and video conferences, and is compatible with hundreds of online platforms, including Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Slack, Discord, and many more. It accomplishes this by way of sophisticated artificial intelligence technology that has learned to delineate signal from noise by analyzing more than 20,000 different noises, 50,000 different speakers, and over 25,000 hours of audio. Those might just seem like numbers on a screen. But if you head over to the official Krisp site you can try the app for free and hear how well it works for yourself. That's not just a free trial. If you spend less than two hours a week telecommuting, the free version of Krisp is perfect for you. But if you're a heavier user than that, there are premium Krisp plans that start at a paltry $5 per year. And all versions of Krisp include features like HD voice, acoustic and room echo cancellation, low power CPU mode, and 24/7 technical support. Not only will Krisp make your online calls and video meetings sound like they're taking place in soundproof offices, it has a few other enticing features as well. Calls made with Krisp operating in the background will have the highest possible audio quality, and Krisp can work in a low-power mode that will save CPU and battery usage on your computers and mobile devices. And if you have privacy concerns about syncing your online communications up with a third-party noise-cancelling app, you can put them to rest where Krisp is concerned, since it performs all the necessary audio processing locally without any of your data or audio being stored in the cloud. Companies like GitHub, Fuze, ServiceTitan, and Amplitude already swear by Krisp and use it for all their teleconferencing needs. If you're a business owner or call center manager looking to use one of Krisp's team plans, you can try one for 30 days, no credit card required. Basically, if you spend any time at all making calls or attending meetings online, there's no reason at all for you not to give Krisp a try for free right now. So click here to get started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Tesla CEO Elon Musk took a major jab at Apple during this week's Q2 earnings call. "I think we want to emphasize that our goal is to support the advent of sustainable energy," Musk said during the call. "It is not to create a walled garden and use that to bludgeon our competitors which is used by some companies." As CNBC reported, though, he accompanied those remarks by fake-coughing and muttering "Apple." Apple's infamous "walled garden," which gives users access to a rich software ecosystem over which the megacorporation has near-total control, has led to significant brand lock-in and even antitrust investigations, particularly in the European Union. But Musk may be calling the kettle black by throwing shade at Apple's well-groomed estate. Tesla vehicles have often been likened to Apple's iPhone: a technological leap — but with a hidden cost that puts the manufacturer, not the consumer, in control. It could also be an early sign of increasing competition for Tesla. Apple has long been working on developing its own electric vehicle — but an Apple-built car isn't likely to roll off the lot any time soon. Musk has often promised to make his car company's underlying technologies open to the public for any competitor to access. In reality, however, Tesla's choices have often veered significantly from that vision. For the time being, its Supercharger network relies on proprietary technologies, allowing only Teslas to make use of them. Tesla has also historically made it extremely difficult — and at times exceedingly expensive —  to service its vehicles, shutting out the efforts of independent repair shops. In November, Massachusetts voters overwhelmingly supported a right to repair ballot initiative for vehicles, effectively forcing manufacturers to make sure that third party mechanics have access to the same diagnostic tools as affiliated shops. Tesla, meanwhile, started contacting its customers in the state to vote against the initiative. "Tesla has long applied an open source philosophy to our patented intellectual property for electric vehicles," the automaker wrote in an email to its Massachusetts customers, as quoted by Electrek. Despite releasing access to "service, parts, and body repair manuals, wiring diagrams, service bulletins, labor codes and times" to the public, Tesla argued at the time that the ballot initiative "goes well beyond what is necessary to perform this work, and it potentially jeopardizes vehicle and data security." It's a line of reasoning we've heard many times from Apple as well. The tech giant has repeatedly attempted to block right to repair bills in several states, citing safety and security concerns. Apple has limited access to its diagnostic and repair tools to "authorized service providers" while leaving independent repair shops in the dark. Both Apple and Tesla have also made sourcing repair parts very difficult, making it near impossible for customers to repair their own vehicles or devices. In fact, a Model 3 leasee recently discovered that Tesla wanted more than $16,000 for an entire battery pack replacement after hitting some road debris. An independent servicing shop was later able to fix the issue for a mere $700 by patching up a severed coolant line. Similarly, Apple's mobile devices also can cost a fortune to be repaired — especially if said repairs don't fall under the company's separately-sold Apple Care warranty. A simple out-of-warranty screen repair can cost as much as $429 for a top of the line iPhone. Apart from expensive physical repairs, Tesla has pioneered a software-first approach to building cars. Its cars rely on sophisticated sensors, giving drivers a great degree of freedom while commuting to work. To their credit, Tesla is actively trying to license its Autopilot software other manufacturers, but for now, the tech is exclusively used by Teslas. Tesla is also ultimately in control of customers' vehicles by issuing over-the-air software updates. To the company, it's a convenient way to enhance the experience. To many customers however, some updates could come at a cost. A Norwegian court, for instance, found Tesla guilty in May for throttling the battery life of Tesla vehicles, thereby decreasing their range and increasing the time they take to charge. "Tesla is not an automotive company, it’s a tech company that builds cars," a former employee who worked for both Apple and Tesla told The Washington Post in May. To take aim at Apple for creating a "walled garden" to beat out the competition certainly sounds disingenuous at best. Tesla has blazed its own path by building cars that are increasingly difficult and expensive to repair, qualities that both Apple and Tesla share. READ MORE: Elon Musk snipes at Apple twice on Tesla earnings call [CNBC] More on Tesla: Elon Musk Warns That Each Cybertruck Could Cost “Literally a Million Dollars” Share This Article 
A strange space object, seemingly from another star system, has mystified astronomers ever since it was first spotted back in 2017 — and Harvard astronomer Avi Loeb is hellbent on finding out what it was. To Loeb, the object — dubbed 'Oumuamua — could be the smoking gun in a much larger scientific question. The astronomer has loudly expressed the belief that 'Oumuamua could be evidence of an alien civilization sending a piece of its technology to visit us. To further investigate that theory, Loeb has now created a new workgroup at Harvard called the Galileo Project. The project aims to "bring the search for extraterrestrial technological signatures of Extraterrestrial Technological Civilizations (ETCs) from accidental or anecdotal observations and legends to the mainstream of transparent, validated and systematic scientific research," according to a mission statement. Loeb also explored the theory in his recently published book "Extraterrestrial: The First Sign of Intelligent Life Beyond Earth." The book led to several wealthy investors getting in touch, according to Science, donating a total of $1.75 million to kick the project off. The topic of alien technologies has hit a fever pitch this summer. The project was formed shortly after the Pentagon released a high profile report on "Unidentifieed Aerial Phenomena" (UAPs), detailing mysterious sightings made by military pilots over the last two decades — but failing to offer up a compelling explanation. In a Scientific American op-ed last month, Loeb explored the possible links between 'Oumuamua and these recent UAP sightings, writing that "rather than simply wonder about possible scenarios, we should collect better scientific data and clarify the nature of UAP," while conceding that "the possibility that any UAP are extraterrestrial is highly speculative." In his search, Loeb wants to look for physical evidence — not just electromagnetic signals — of extraterrestrial civilizations. The astronomer told USA Today that any objects from interstellar space "that look peculiar we should follow up by sending a camera on a space rocket that gets close to them and taking a close-up photograph." Loeb also called for a more scientific approach to investigating the Pentagon's UAP sightings. "If we find evidence for a smarter kid on our cosmic block, it will change the way we think about our place in the universe, our relations with each other," he told the newspaper. READ MORE: Harvard professor leading research on existence of UFOs and alien civilizations [USA Today] More on UFOs: Video Appears to Show UFO Drifting Behind Space Station, But It’s Actually Something Hilariously Boring Share This Article 
Tesla's Cybertruck could be extremely expensive if the company doesn't figure out the production of its next-generation 4680 battery cells. Both the Cybertruck and the company's Semi truck are both designed around the new battery units — meaning that if the company can't lock down their production, it will endanger its next phase of heavy electric vehicles. If Tesla were to produce the Cybertruck at extremely low volumes, CEO Elon Musk said during the company's second-quarter earnings call this week, each one could end up costing as much as "literally cost a million dollars a piece or more." "There’s a reason why you do things at volume production, which is to get the economies of scale that get the cost down," he added. The company has faced significant hurdles to getting production of the new cells up. Musk complained about "many calls at midnight, 1 a.m., just with suppliers about resolving a lot of the shortages." There's also the global microchip shortage, which is putting serious pressure on the entire tech sector, including Tesla. For the automaker to produce its own chips, it'd take "12 to 18 months," even if it moved "like lightning," according to Musk. The shortages could mean that production of the company's Model Y SUV could end up being limited at its new factories currently being constructed in Texas and Germany, Reuters reports. Tesla also announced that it will delay the shipment of its Semi truck to next year. "It is difficult to say when the last of the technical challenges will be solved," Musk said during the call, referring to the 4680 cells. Tesla is still planning to start delivering the first Cybertrucks by the end of this year. In spite of the battery woes, Musk reassured customers that it will be Tesla's "best product ever." "Nobody’s ever really made a car like this before, a vehicle like this before," he added. "So, there’ll probably be challenges because there’s so much unexplored territory." But it also wouldn't surprise the billionaire if the truck is a flop. "To be frank, there is always some chance that Cybertruck will flop, because it is so unlike anything else," Musk wrote in a tweet earlier this month. "Other trucks look like copies of the same thing, but Cybertruck looks like it was made by aliens from the future." Despite the shortages, Tesla's profitability is growing. Most revenue over the last quarter came from vehicle sales, according to numbers released this week, a refreshing change from having to rely on regulatory credits to other automarkers, Reuters reported. Musk also revealed that he will no longer take part in quarterly earnings calls, an end to jabs at the competition and often controversial statements. But then again, he still has access to his Twitter account. READ MORE: Tesla posts record profits, offers muddy outlook for batteries, Cybertruck [Reuters] More on the Cybertruck: Elon Musk Says the Cybertruck Might Flop But He Doesn’t Care Share This Article 
Meditation and mindfulness are useful ways to step back from your problems, get a handle on your anxiety, and even reshape how you think. Yet for those with a packed day, it can be intimidating to find a few minutes to even start. Mindabout was designed to help you surmount those obstacles. It typically lists for $399, and is on sale now for 90% off at just $39.99. Mindabout is sorted into collections to help you focus on specific goals. Collections are themed around sleep, work, sexuality, handling disappointment, and other themes to make the right session easy to find. Each session within a collection is concise and designed to be fit into your day, making it easy to step away mentally and unplug. All you need is a quiet space, whether that's one you create with your headphones or a room away from life's hubbub for a few moments, and a few minutes. You can also tailor your sessions to your taste, with both male and female narrators. If you're curious, you can also track how long you've practiced, how regularly you practice, and how many sessions in a collection you've completed. There are more than 100 sessions in the ever-growing library. Mindabout is also designed to be deployed in stressful situations, with tools like Breathe. Breathe helps guide you through a calming series without needing headphones or audio, making it easy to use in stressful situations like emergency meetings or simply those moments when you feel overwhelmed. You can even begin building a visual oasis with ONE, a tool that helps you gather images that are important to you or that soothe you, and remind you of what's important. You can keep it private, or begin building a shared community within the app to broaden your perspective on life. Mindabout is the subject of rave reviews, including this one from Kathy who wrote, ”I love it! I love the Happiness Collection and the reference to the roundabout mind, which we all have!” Don't miss out on this fantastic opportunity to grab a lifetime subscription to Mindabout for $39.99 (reg. $399).  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Flying to the near reaches of space wasn't enough for the richest person in the world. In an open letter published today, Amazon founder and Blue Origin CEO Jeff Bezos offered NASA billions of dollars to give his space tourism company a Human Landing System (HLS) contract. "Blue Origin is committed to building a future where millions of people live and work in space to benefit the Earth," the letter addressed to NASA's Administrator Bill Nelson reads. "We are convinced that, to advance America’s future in space, NASA must now quickly and assuredly return to the Moon." It's yet another sign that Jeff Bezos is unhappy about his space company playing second fiddle to SpaceX. And now, Bezos is willing to throw his weight — and incredible amounts of wealth — behind his space company's efforts. NASA's Human Landing System program is core to the agency's collaboration with private space industry companies to get the first astronauts to the Moon as soon as 2024. Blue Origin, SpaceX, and Alabama-based company Dynetics were all vying for the coveted spot to become the developer of the spacecraft to make that happen. In a controversial decision in April, however, NASA announced that it had selected SpaceX — and SpaceX only — to develop the human lander, a variant of the company's Starship spacecraft. The decision was immediately contested by both Blue Origin and Dynetics, which led to the entire $2.9 billion contract with SpaceX getting put on hold in early May. "NASA invested over half a billion dollars in the National Team in 2020-21, and we performed well," today's letter reads. "The team developed and risk- reduced a safe, mass-efficient design that could achieve a human landing in 2024." NASA's decision also put "an end to meaningful competition for years to come," according to Bezos. The reality, of course, is that NASA's hands were tied. The agency was faced with an extremely tight budget. SpaceX proposed landing on the Moon for just $2.89 billion. Blue Origin asked for $5.99 billion. The agency was struggling to get the HLS contract funded, with Congress repeatedly pulling the purse strings tight. In fact, Congress approved only $850 million for the program for this year, far less than its request of $3.4 billion. In mid-May, NASA administrator Bill Nelson announced that the agency is requesting more than $11 billion for its Human Landing System (HLS) program, paid out over a number of years and layered on top of NASA’s existing budget. Bezos' solution is to make Blue Origin's proposal more appealing — at least on paper — by giving out a $2 billion discount. "This offer is not a deferral, but is an outright and permanent waiver of those payments," the letter reads. "This offer provides time for government appropriation actions to catch up." After all, being the richest person in the world can buy you tremendous amounts of influence. "NASA veered from its original dual-source acquisition strategy due to perceived near-term budgetary issues, and this offer removes that obstacle," Bezos argued. It wasn't Blue Origin's first attempt to warm up lawmakers to the idea of having NASA fund its Moon lander. In May, Blue Origin lobbyists tried to push legislation to greatly expand NASA's HLS budget. Whether NASA will take up Bezos' offer remains to be seen, but it's not looking likely. Congress will also likely want to have a say in the decision. "I see this as a positive sign overall, but it should not impact the current awards or strategy," NASA’s former deputy administrator Lori Garver told The Verge, adding that it's unlikely NASA will simply change its mind about the current HLS contract. "NASA can’t just ‘take offers’ because funding is offered," she added. "There’s absolutely nothing to stop Blue from moving forward with their own money to get in a better position to win something in the next round." The squabble over which billionaire will get funding from American taxpayers to send astronauts to the Moon is far from over. And Bezos is just arming himself with what's available: copious amounts of money. Whether that will be enough to convince Congress and NASA is unclear. READ MORE: Jeff Bezos offers NASA $2 billion to pick Blue Origin’s lunar lander in last-minute plea [The Verge] More on HLS: NASA Is Asking For an Enormous Amount of Extra Money Share This Article 
According to a survey conducted by the American Journal of Psychiatry, at least 16-million Americans over the age of 18 use stimulants like Adderall, Ritalin, or Modafinil. Regardless of which stimulants you use, the side effects are commonly the same and they're not very fun. This can include poor impulse control, anxiety, headaches, brain fog, moodiness, bloating, irritability, diminished cognition, and even side effects as severe as brain damage when overused. If you're tired of unwanted adderall side effects and those of other stimulant, but need them to get through your day, you need to know about Recoop’s Recovery and Balance stimulant side-effect treatment. For many, not using prescription stimulants probably isn't an option. Despite the downside, they're a necessary component of maintaining productivity and focus. But now, you can fight the unwanted side effects. That's because Recoop’s Recovery and Balance stimulant side-effect treatment is designed to improve your life on stimulants. Recoop’s neuroscientist team found the perfect balance of ingredients and then carefully sourced them to create a one-of-a-kind stimulant recovery supplement. To achieve this, neuroscientists leveraged their understanding of human biology resulting in perfect formulations for two supplements: Recoop Balance manages the side effects of stimulants like caffeine and Adderall so you can get the most out of your daily routine, while Recoop Recovery not only helps your body to self-heal while you sleep at night, but assists you in falling asleep. Recoop's Balance is exactly what you need to start your day off right. That's because its formula eliminates stimulants' negative side-effects while allowing them to zero in on helping you become hyper-focused, energized, and productive. Just take it first thing in the morning alongside your prescription stimulant and it will work its science-backed magic to manage side effects like irritability, and impulse control while also boosting productivity. Here's a list of the most important ingredients in Recoop's Balance and how they work: Ashwagandha For Stress Relief Ashwagandha is used in Recoop Balance to reduce stress, improve focus, and reduce cravings. Recent studies have found that Ashwagandha fights anxiety by reducing cortisol, your body’s main stress hormone. Cortisol is produced in the adrenal glands and works with your brain function to control your mood, motivation, and fear. L-Theanine for Focus L-Theanine is used in Recoop Balance to boost concentration, reduce stress, and enhance the effects of stimulants. It's commonly used to improve focus and maintain attention. It works by modulating inhibitory neurotransmitters, selective serotonin, and dopamine to bring about anxiolytic and calming effects. Curcumin for Detoxification Curcumin is used in Recoop Balance to detoxify and initiate neurogenesis. It supports both an even mind and an effective brain and is found in the spice Tumeric. It contains natural polyphenol compounds called curcuminoids that contain antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and neuroprotective properties. Recent evidence indicates that curcumin increases cognitive performance while also enhancing neurogenesis. Vitamin B For Cognitive Function Recoop Balance uses Vitamin B to promote DNA regeneration, regulate mood and build healthy brain cells. Additionally, it supports healthy brain function to maintain and promote an even mood. Vitamin B also reduces homocysteine, which prevents cognitive function deterioration. Coenzyme Q10 For Organ Function Recoop Balance uses Coenzyme Q10 to reduce headaches, detoxify impurities and promote heart health. It's a powerful antioxidant that has been found to positively impact cardiovascular health. Coenzyme Q10 is a molecule that also plays a critical role in energy production. Recoop’s Recovery and Balance work in harmony with each other to manage the separate side effects associated with stimulant use. While Balance manages optimizing brain function so you can accomplish more as efficiently as possible. Recovery begins the process of deescalating the effects of stimulants so you can decompress, unwind and power your brain down. Not only that, but Recovery also assists the brain in repairing itself while you're asleep. And using it could not be easier. All you have to do is take two capsules 30 minutes before bedtime to start the winddown process. Here's a list of the most important ingredients in Recoop's Recovery and how they work: Magnesium To Reduce Tolerance Recoop's Recovery formula uses magnesium to promote heart health, neuroprotection and reset the body's neural pathways on a cellular level. Magnesium. is a mineral that creates and repairs DNA, converts food into energy, and regulates renotransmitters. L-Theanine For Restfulness The L-Theanine found in Recoop's Recovery reduces nighttime anxiety, melts away stress, and improves sleep quality. Vitamin C For Cleansing Vitamin C used in Recoop's Recovery aids the cells in both your brain and body to heal and stay clean despite stimulant use. Vitamin C is a water-soluble vitamin that can be found in fruits and vegetables and is best known for its immunity-boosting properties and beneficial antioxidants. It also has the ability to isolates free radicals to promote blood flow and neurogenesis. Nalt For Mood Enhancement Recoop's Recover uses Nalt to boost dopamine levels and reduce anxiety. Researchers have found that Nalt tones down anxiety while simultaneously boosting cognitive function when under pressure. So what are you waiting for? Try Recoop’s Recovery and Balance stimulant side-effect treatment now, and if you’re not 100-percent satisfied with your initial purchase, you can contact their customer service within 30-days to get a refund. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's one reason that businesses use software suites from Microsoft and Google to facilitate their work: simplicity. These companies allow users to toggle between different apps for email, video chat, documents and more, which lets a workplace conduct all of its work in one place.  Well, not exactly. If, for example, you're looking to collect various documents and correspondences for a recent hire on either of these platforms, you're out of luck. There's no folder that allows you to store related emails, calendar invites and PDFs all in one place. That's something that only Clariti can provide.  The aptly-named web app offers something that no competing organizational app can: it finally provides a singular place for emails, chats, calls, to-do, and documents. Clariti links all of your files by topic in TopicFolders, which is similar to a desktop folder but stores so much more.  Let's say you're in the process of interviewing a candidate for a job position. With Clariti, you can store email correspondences with the candidate about the positions, chat messages about setting up an interview time, a calendar entry for the interview, a phone call with a colleague discussing the candidate's resume, and a to-do list about everything that needs to be done to hire the candidate. This way, you and your colleagues can organize crucial data by topic without being constrained by which software or communication tool you're using.  For small, web-based businesses, facilitating information in this way solves two key problems. Streamlined entrepreneurial businesses are forced to juggle multiple communication tools while creating silos of information across apps that might be related to the same topic. Businesses lose productivity by having to switch between multiple apps, waste time searching for information across multiple apps, and rely on memory to determine who said what, when and why.  If you're interested in how Clariti works and want to know more, sign up for their Freemium plan that allows limited access to Clariti's innovative features. There's no credit card information needed, and Clariti pledges to always store your data securely. Once you experience the beauty of Clariti, you can determine the plan that works best for you and your business.  Though Clariti is an app, it is a desktop-only service that works best on non-Apple operating systems. Because it's browser-based, there are no downloads necessary, saving precious computer space by storing your TopicFolders high above in the cloud.  Ready to clear space in your workplace for the next big thing? Sign up for Clariti today and start organizing your life by topic without being confined to an app. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Proper software engineering can literally change lives, for better or worse, so it needs to be done right. The 2021 Google Software Engineering Manager Prep Bundle is designed to teach you the skills you need, and prep you for the certification exams necessary, to become both a better software engineer and a better manager. It's valued at $2388, and on sale now for just $39.99. Over twelve courses, rated as high as 5/5 stars, you'll learn the most important skill sets for working at Google and other top software firms. First, you'll learn about how Python is used for machine learning and processing, with an overview of the current state of AI and machine learning in Python, a course dedicated to natural language processing (NLP), another focusing entirely on sound and speech analysis, and finally one looking at optimizing code for Big Data. You'll even learn how to animate with Python, to bring results to life dynamically, and how to follow that up with a detailed breakdown of how Google Data Studio to create visualizations and data reporting for business. Next, two courses look at practical applications of AI, with an in-depth look at digital marketing and AI, and a deeper probe into NLP and sequence models to teach computers to better understand language. The bundle closes with two courses on designing and coding user interfaces, an overview of functional coding in C#, and two prep courses for key certifications, the Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) and the ISACA Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA). When finished, you'll have a full skill set perfect for moving into the tech industry. Each course is taught by working software engineers with years of experience both working with the code and teaching others how to handle it. They focus on the practical with code-along projects and deep discussion of the latest techniques. Get the 2021 Google Software Engineering Manager Prep Bundle for $39.96 (reg. $2388).  Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Every day, it feels like there's another threat to our privacy. With the Lifetime Backup & Security Subscription Bundle, though, you can both keep all your data securely, and keep the snoops out. Valued at $3799, it's on sale now for just $89.99. With 4.4/5 stars on Google Play Store from 595k+ ratings, Degoo's premium backup system. We each generate an enormous amount of data every year, and backing up all the photos, videos, and documents we need while juggling multiple services puts it at risk. If a subscription doesn't renew, or a storage limit is exceeded, family photos, personal projects, and other information can be lost forever. Degoo does away with that by offering 10TB of storage space with simple sharing tools. All data is protected with 256-bit AES encryption, and sharing is as simple as sending an email or an authorized link. Degoo even replicates your backups while performing them, ensuring nothing gets lost, and uses automatic file change detection to stay on top of your storage needs. Virtual private networks, or VPNs, protect your data by rerouting your traffic through encrypted servers. It anonymizes your traffic while making it impossible for snoops to track where you go online, as all the indicators point back to the VPN's servers, not your computer. On public WiFi networks, that can be particularly important, as data can be collected by service providers and hackers alike. In addition to this layer of security, KeepSolid adds your choice of VPN protocols, including: IKEv2, OpenVPN, L2TP/IPSec & KeepSolid Wise, military-grade encryption, trusted networks, and ping tests to guarantee the best speed. It also features kill switches to cut off traffic if needed, a zero log policy for all traffic, and a choice of over 500 servers to access your streaming TV and music — no matter where you are. Get the Lifetime Backup & Security Subscription Bundle for $89.99 (reg. $3799).  Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Artificial intelligence is bringing narrators back from the dead and replacing low-level fast food jobs, but can it help you conquer writer's block and get that Facebook ad for your business written? With the Writesonic starter plan, the answer is yes. Valued at $5340, a lifetime subscription is on sale now for just $69.99. Unlike longer forms of writing, copywriting has tight technical standards and rigorous formulas that you need to abide by. Good ad copy is short, concise, clear, and to the point. That makes it ideal for AI. And, since it's AI, it can automatically translate and tweak copy in 24 different languages. Writesonic teaches its AI with the best of the best. It takes top performing copy from brands across an enormous range of industries, and a wide array of content types, and uses it to show the AI what works. The engine is trained on top-ranked website copy, social media ad copy, article copy, and basic copywriting formulas like pain-agitate-solution to create both copy you can use and thought-starters. And as you offer feedback, it gets better. Writesonic starts with a process where you provide the information you want to communicate, including the type of copywriting, the name of the product, a short description of what it does, the occasion you want to celebrate, and any coupons or special offers you want to feature. Rated 4.9/5 stars on AppSumo, Writesonic then draws from its library and writes the first pass of the copy. If it works for you, then copy and paste, or edit it to say exactly what you want, breaking through writer's block. In the starter plan, you get 25 credits, ideal if you've got a new business with light ad copy needs, or need to occasionally shake things up for what you're writing. Get a lifetime subscription to the Writesonic starter plan for $69.99 (reg. $5340), 98% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Have some of your personal hygiene and grooming routines fallen by the wayside over the past year? If so, there’s no need to feel ashamed. It happened to a lot of us. When there’s nothing to do and nowhere to go, it can be hard to find the motivation to make yourself look presentable. That being said, now that things are finally going back to normal, it’s probably time to get your grooming game back on track. And with summer officially in full swing, at the very least, you’re going to want to make sure you tame unruly back and body hair before heading out to any pool parties, lake trips, or beach days. Luckily, taming unruly back hair is way easier than it used to be thanks to the Bakblade Body Grooming Co. Lots of guys have back hair. And some are totally cool with the au naturale look. But what if you prefer a smoother aesthetic? In the past, there really was no easy or convenient way to get rid of back hair. Sure, you could use a standard safety razor to shave it off. But that meant you’d have to ask someone to give you a hand, which is not a particularly pleasant proposition to make. Alternatively, you could have gotten your back hair professionally removed via wax, chemicals, or lasers. But that was either extremely painful, extremely expensive, or both. Eventually a guy named Matt Dryfhout had a very simple idea: what if somebody made a razor specifically designed so dudes can just shave their own backs? Convinced he had a pretty great idea on his hands, Dryfhout started thinking about what this kind of razor would need to look like. And, eventually, the Bakblade was born. The Baklade 2.0 Elite Plus shaver has an extra long ergonomic handle that lets you reach every area of your back without straining or overreaching. The shaver fits three razor cartridges featuring Bakblade’s patented dryGlide technology, which allows you to shave wet or dry. Each razor is protected by a pair of guards that control the amount of skin approaching the blade during a shaving stroke, minimizing knicks and cuts. And the head pivots so you can glide safely and smoothly over your back’s unique hills, valleys, nooks, and crannies. In addition to its patented shaving system, the Bakblade 2.0 Elite Plus also features Bakblade’s new exfoliating Bakbrush to help you attain a level of smoothness you never knew was possible. The Bakblade’s handle folds in half with the press of a button, making it easy to store or pack for trips. However, it also comes with a suction cup wall mount so the Bakblade is never out of reach at home. The Bakblade 2.0 Elite Plus is available in three different kits. For those who just want the essentials, the Elite Plus kit gives you the Bakblade shaver, the exfoliating Bakbrush, and the suction cup wall mount. For those who want just a little bit more, the Clean Kit gives you the shaver, the Bakbrush, and the wall mount, plus a travel bag and a 6-pack of blade refills. And last but not least, for those who are ready to take their manscaping to the next level, the Confidence Kit gives you the shaver, Bakbrush, wall mount, travel bag, and blade refills, PLUS Bakblade’s premium Bodybarber 11-in-1 full body groomer. The Bodygroomer is a rechargeable trimmer uniquely designed to help you manage hair anywhere on your body. It comes with a nose and ear attachment, hair and beard attachment, microfoil shaver attachment, precision design attachment, a body groomer attachment, and a specially designed groin groomer attachment with MicroTeeth technology for maximum safety. If you’re looking for an easy and affordable way to get rid of unwanted back and body hair, you cannot go wrong with Bakblade Body Grooming. They’ve got everything you need to get your bod ready for those summer pool parties. And their patented Bakblade 2.0 comes with a 60-day satisfaction guarantee, so you have absolutely nothing to lose. Click here to order your Bakblade system today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Did you know that the average person spends about 7 years trying to fall asleep? If that doesn't surprise you, you may be one of the 50-to-70 million Americans who suffer from sleep problems. Luckily, one of the easiest ways to build a more effective bedtime routine is to sleep in a more comfortable position. And one of the best ways to do this is by using the Yana Sleep Body Pillow. The Yana Pillow is designed with one thing in mind: your comfort. This luxurious, organic sleep pillow wraps around your body & contours to your curves so you fall asleep feeling held & wake up transformed. That's because the Yana Pillow is built for your comfort using all-natural filling made from shredded latex and with a firmness that's customizable. And you can do this by unzipping Yana's inner pillow, opening it up, and removing the right amount of shredded latex so its density is specifically comfortable for your body. But that's not all, Yana’s pillow cover is built to last. It's double-sided, removable and washable, and made from organic cotton & bamboo velour. Yana is on a mission to elevate tomorrow's waking hours, by perfecting the art & science of your sleep each night. Your Yana Pillow is designed so with it you get the best night's sleep, every time you go to sleep. To do this, the Yana Pillow uses organic cotton & bamboo velour to keep you cool & comfortable all night long. This is especially helpful if you've got sensitive skin or suffer from hot flashes. With your Yana Pillow, you can relax into a pillow that's designed for full-body support without ever losing the integrity of its shape. Not only that, it's big enough to accommodate couples so you won't have to give up cuddling to get your best night's sleep, ever. The people behind the Yana Pillow understand that life happens, which is why they built it to last. Generally, your Yana Pillow is a very low-maintenance self-care item. However, like with the rest of your bedding, you're going to want to wash the cover of your Yana Pillow. To do this use a gentle detergent, and wash your pillow cover in cold to warm water on a gentle cycle. This will preserve the integrity of the Yana Pillow's cover for years to come. The trick to keeping your Yana Pillow in tip-top shape after washing the cover is simple. You're going to want to slip it gently over your Yana Pillow like you would if you were pulling up pantyhose. This prevents any stretching of the Yana’s cover so the pillow maintains its shape. As for Yana's pillow filling, spot clean it as necessary. For bigger jobs, it's recommended to have it treated by a professional dry cleaner. Order your Yana Pillow today and say goodbye to restless nights of tossing and turning. Currently, you can get it financed making it easier than ever to get a good night's sleep. So what are you waiting for? Say yes to deeply, transformative sleep by buying a Yana Pillow right now. What are you waiting for? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
One of the richest people in the world has made life extremely difficult for himself. During a blockchain conference on Wednesday, Tesla CEO Elon Musk talked about the hardships he's had over the years — and blamed his electric carmaker Tesla for them. "I would say I’ve had some pretty tough life experiences and Tesla’s probably responsible for two-thirds of all personal and professional pain combined, to give you a sense of perspective there," the billionaire lamented. The implication, as CNBC points out: Tesla's entire existence is based on the desire to transition to renewable energy — efforts that have come at the cost of Musk's mental and physical well-being over the years, in his telling. "At Tesla, we really do aspire to be the good guys," he promised during the event. The news comes after Musk was summoned to court over a lawsuit that alleged Tesla's acquisition of SolarCity in 2016, a buildout of the company's solar installation efforts, was fueled by Musk's personal ties and came as a blow to investors. The ensuing spat between Musk and the plaintiff's lawyer turned so ugly, in fact, that somebody actually ended up vomiting in the court room last week. In short, Musk's struggles with keeping Tesla are far from over. Production woes kept the billionaire working late hours and allegedly spending nights sleeping on the couch at the car company's factory in Fremont, California back in 2018. Now, Musk is fighting a different fire. "In fact the limiting factor for us right now is [battery] cell production," he said during this week's conference. "So we need to both internally get our Tesla internal battery cells produced as well as increase supply from suppliers." Musk is now stretching himself even thinner, ping ponging between car production at Tesla's factories in California and Nevada — while also living out of a $50,000 box on site of SpaceX's Starship development facilities in West Texas. To be clear, Musk's monstrous payouts could've easily allowed him to retire already. These are self-inflicted wounds, and only the rarest of diehard Elon fans will lose sleep over his "personal and professional pain." His contributions to both the electric car and space launch industry are undeniable. But they've come at a cost — even if his tallying of it sounds a bit melodramatic. READ MORE: Elon Musk says Tesla caused two-thirds of his personal and professional pain [CNBC] More on Musk: Elon Says SpaceX is Also Hoarding Bitcoin, Not Just Tesla Share This Article 
While many people are interested in switching to solar energy, the process can be very intimidating. Despite the fact that solar power is now cheaper than it's ever been, it's still a major investment, and it certainly doesn't make sense for every home. And with so many different variables, making the right choice can seem daunting. But if you're asking yourself, "is solar worth it," the experts at Understand Solar can help you get the answers you need free of charge. When most people think about solar energy, they are interested in saving money. And over the long term, many people do stand to save, or even make money by investing in solar energy. While it depends on where you live and how much sunlight your property gets, homes with solar energy systems typically sell faster and for higher prices than homes without. A recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1% to the value of the average home. Another study found that buyers are typically willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And another calculated that you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar energy installed. The average cost of installing solar energy systems has dropped a whopping 70-percent over the last ten years. When you factor in projected increases in electricity rates over 10 to 20 years, plus the value a solar energy system could add to your home, solar panels may be good long term investment. In fact, in some cases they may outperform traditional investment portfolios. The hard part is figuring out if it's a good investment for your specific home. That's where the experts at Understand Solar come in. Understand Solar is a third party solar energy advocate that educates consumers, provides free personalized solar energy assessments, and puts them in touch with local installers. All you have to do is fill out a simple online form with some details about your home, and an Understand Solar expert will contact you to explain your assessment and answer any questions you have, free of charge and without commitment. You might find out that solar energy just isn’t right for your home due to geographic location or local laws and electrical rates. On the other hand, So it’s possible you'll discover that solar energy will be a great investment. So if you're asking the question, "Is solar worth it?" don’t miss out on this opportunity to find out free of charge. Click here and get your free personalized solar assessment from Understand Solar, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Virgil Griffith, a prominent developer of the cryptocurrency Ethereum who was previously charged for violating US sanctions against North Korea, is back in lockup after reportedly accessing his cryptocurrency wallet on Coinbase in May, Cointelegraph reports. The move was allegedly a violation of his bail. Griffith was remanded in custody today, but it's still unclear if it was due to him violating bail conditions, as CoinDesk points out. He will now spend at least the next two months behind bars, according to Cointelegraph. In September, he will be tried on charges of conspiracy to violate sanctions with North Korea. If convicted, he'll face up to 20 years in prison. The developer reportedly contacted Coinbase to ask if they could remove the two-factor authentication security feature on his account "as the FBI took my devices away," as quoted by Cointelegraph. The United States District Court for the Southern District of New York filed an indictment against Griffith in January 2020, claiming he was in violation of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, which allows the president to regulate international commerce in case of a national emergency. Prosecutors accused Griffith of knowingly conspiring with the North Korea to circumvent sanctions against the nation using cryptocurrencies — perhaps reflecting some parts of the US government's longheld view that cryptocurrencies are a tool reserved for criminals and tax evasion. "As alleged, Virgil Griffith provided highly technical information to North Korea, knowing that this information could be used to help North Korea launder money and evade sanctions," US attorney Geoffrey Berman was quoted saying in a Department of Justice press statement dating back to his arrest. "In allegedly doing so, Griffith jeopardized the sanctions that both Congress and the president have enacted to place maximum pressure on North Korea’s dangerous regime." Assistant attorney general John Demers added that Griffith "taught his audience how to use blockchain technology to evade sanctions" after traveling to North Korea. Since then, Griffith filed a motion to dismiss the conspiracy charges, Cointelegraph reports, contending that his presentation was a "highly general speech based on publicly available information." Prosecutors threw out the motion, likening Griffith's actions to explaining "the science behind nuclear weapons to a conference of North Korean physicists," as US lawyers put it in a November 2020 court document quoted by Cointelegraph. The cryptocurrency community, however, has largely taken Griffith's side. "I don't think what Virgil did gave DPRK any kind of real help in doing anything bad," Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin wrote in tweet thread in December 2019. "He *delivered a presentation based on publicly available info about open-source software*. There was no weird hackery [or] 'advanced tutoring.'" After allegedly accessing his Coinbase account earlier this year, Griffith's lawyers are facing a steeper uphill battle to prove his innocence. His lawyers claim he made the decision after consulting his counsel. They also maintain that his family in Alabama reached out to the exchange on his behalf. The incident leaves numerous questions unanswered. Was Griffith really helping North Korea to circumvent US sanctions by teaching them about crypto? Or was he simply spreading the blockchain gospel? It's a hairy topic, deeply embroiled in international politics. But we should learn more about Griffith's fate come September. READ MORE: ETH developer Virgil Griffith back in jail after allegedly checking Coinbase account [Cointelegraph] More on crypto: Elon Musk Slams Bitcoin’s Underlying Technology Share This Article 
It's the battle of the billionaires. Virgin Galactic CEO Richard Branson managed to one up competitor and Blue Origin CEO Jeff Bezos by getting to "space" nine days before Bezos could even climb on board his own rocket. On Sunday, Branson — alongside a crew of six — successfully managed to reach an altitude of 50 miles after being carried to 50,000 feet inside a rocket plane called VSS Unity, attached to the much larger Mothership Eve. Credit where it's due: it was a genuine achievement and a testament to the many years of hard work put in by Virgin Galactic's engineers. Calling it a trip to "space," though, is an unmistakable exaggeration. An altitude of 50 miles may be high enough to award the crew "astronaut wings" by the Federal Aviation Administration, but it's still well within the boundaries of the Earth's upper atmosphere, roughly the point where the second and third highest layers of the Earth's atmospheres meet. That region is called the mesopause, and it's also home to the highest clouds in the atmosphere. Let that sink in. Branson flew pretty high, but there were still clouds up there. Sorry, but that's not space — especially compared to SpaceX, which now regularly shuttles crew and cargo to the International Space Station, approximately five times the height of Branson's apogee. Branson and crew were able to experience weightlessness for roughly four minutes, caused by the plane falling back down to Earth at the same pace as them. At 50 miles, the force of gravity is about the same as down on the ground below. The aircraft was also still well short of the internationally agreed upon edge of space, also known as the Kármán Line, at roughly 62 miles. Technically speaking, the Earth's atmosphere keeps extending for many thousands of miles beyond that, but air pressure is still considerably higher at around 50 miles than it is, say, compared to the altitude at which the ISS circles the planet. Low Earth orbit generally starts at much higher altitudes than the Kármán Line, at around 100 miles. To circle the Earth at just 50 miles would require massive amounts of thrust to achieve extremely fast velocities — and the orbit would be far from stable anyways thanks to tremendous amounts of atmospheric drag. The thicker atmosphere would also force any spacecraft to reenter the lower layers of the atmosphere almost immediately. That difference has sparked a fierce debate between Virgin Galactic and Blue Origin, with the latter arguing it is indeed traveling to space — above the Kármán Line — unlike the former. The feud culminated in Blue Origin publishing a scathing infographic on Twitter last week. It may sound like a needlessly pedantic argument, but both space tourism companies are setting the stage for a burgeoning travel industry. For the foreseeable future, tickets to "space" will remain exceedingly expensive — a ticket for a seat on Virgin Galactic's rocket plane costs $250,000. And even the ultra rich deserve to know whether they actually went to space or not. More on the flight: Blue Origin Is Officially Feuding With Virgin Galactic Share This Article 
It's been just over 24 hours since Amazon founder and Blue Origin CEO Jeff Bezos took off on his rocket. It was a fleeting moment in space, or at least somewhere near it, giving Bezos the opportunity to look back down at the surface below and ponder just how much humanity has messed with the natural beauty of our once pristine planet. That's an environmental toll, it's worth noting, that Bezos has personally contributed to greatly. Amazon's race to the bottom when it comes to carbon emissions has added considerably to our climate change problem (and let's not forget about its many attacks on workers' rights). From single-day shipping to wasteful packaging, the billionaire has made fortunes at a great cost to sustainable business practices and the natural environment. In 2019 alone, his e-retail empire's carbon footprint rose 15 percent, despite launching several environment initiatives. In 2020, the year of COVID-19, pandemic-fueled revenues hiked the company's carbon emissions by another 19 percent year-over year. All of which make his comments after his adventure even more egregious. His great Eureka moment: why don't we take all the stuff that's bad for the environment and send it to space? "We need to take all heavy industry, all polluting industry, and move it into space," he told NBC after the launch. "And keep Earth as this beautiful gem of a planet that it is." In other words, after polluting the Earth, Bezos wants to pollute space too. That's a bit rich, of course, since Bezos only made it to space himself if you treat "space" as a very flexible concept. To be fair, though, the billionaire also acknowledged that such a move won't happen overnight. "That's going to take decades to achieve, but you have to start," he told NBC. "And big things start with small steps." Of course, shuttling the ultra-wealthy high into the sky for a ten minute joyride is also quite destructive to the environment. But Bezos wants to have his cake and eat it, too. Moving all heavy industry into space could easily end up being an extremely wasteful process in itself. The simple act of moving materials up into orbit could come with its own colossal carbon footprint, as Gizmodo points out. While waxing poetic about living "on this beautiful planet," as Bezos told NBC, Bezos is using his fortunes to add to its demise, stunning views notwithstanding. Bezos did take a moment to acknowledge this inescapable double standard. "You can't imagine how thin the atmosphere is when you see it from space," the CEO told NBC. "We live in it, and it looks so big. It feels like this atmosphere is huge and we can disregard it and treat it poorly." Bezos' joyride into the upper atmosphere this week is only the beginning of a largely unnecessary race to get the top one percent into space — or at least to the edge of it. Building on top of Amazon's existing carbon footprint, Blue Origin will soon become a great contributor to carbon emissions as well, reusable rockets or not. The CEO claims he will also be focusing his own efforts on the Bezos Earth Fund, a convenient philanthropic endeavor that's bound to score him some positive PR points. But if history has taught us one thing, it's that we shouldn't take billionaires by their word when it comes to saving the environment. The richest man in the world is fighting with fire. Amazon is practically defined by its environmental footprint. Blue Origin is also helping create a carbon polluting industry out of practically nothing. In other words, maybe it's time for Bezos to refocus his priorities and put his astronomical pile of money where his mouth is. READ MORE: Bezos says space flight reinforced commitment to fighting climate change [Axios] More on Bezos: Jeff Bezos Couldn’t Qualify for Normal Astronaut Wings, So Blue Origin Invented Its Own Share This Article 
The brain is one of the great frontiers of modern science. There is simply so much we don't know about it, but as we learn more, we've discovered that you can maintain mental fitness, just like how exercise keeps your body in shape. NeuroNation makes mental fitness easy and entertaining with a series of brain games tailored just for you. With a list price of $84, a 1-year subscription is on sale now for just $39.99. Like any skill, the basic functions of your brain need to be trained and kept up to date, or otherwise they'll begin to slip. While in some cases that slippage can point towards more serious concerns down the road, even people with no history of neurological problems can still experience a deterioration of their sharpness. Forgetting important appointments, being unable to find your keys, struggling to keep short-term information, all can be fixed and avoided with practice. NeuroNation provides that practice. Rooted in research by the Free University of Berlin, NeuroNation builds off of evidence that practicing certain mental skills helps you maintain them. It might even change the structure of the brain, making it more effective against certain neurological problems. One study conducted by the company found that users reported better short-term memory, or in other words, no more lost keys. When you first start the app, you'll take a test that looks at four main areas, and saves your results. Then, with 15 minutes a day, the app uses those benchmarks to hone your mind with progressively more complex exercises. As you practice, you can track your progress and monitor shifts as you build mental fitness. It's perfect for taking a break from work, decompressing from a tough task, and for making your commute more productive. Get a NeuroNation Brain Training One-Year Subscription for $39.99 (reg. $84), 52% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The humble headphones have gone from luxury to necessity as we become wrapped up in podcasts, stream more and more music, and even translate languages through them. Yet a design that blocks out the world can mean you don't hear important sounds in the environment around you. The Allegro Directional Audio Open-Ear Headphones ensure you get all your audio, while keeping the world around you tuned in. Most headphones were designed when the goal was to block out the world around you, in an era where listening to music with crisp quality and fidelity meant owning a shelf of components. But while how we heard our audio changed, headphones largely remained built to deaden outside sounds. As any runner or cyclist knows, though, there are times when you need to hear the outside world, both for safety and courtesy. Besides, it's not always comfortable to have plugs wedged in your ears, especially if sweat creeps in. The Allegro solves both problems using directional sound. The Allegro uses tightly focused sound to give you a great audio experience while leaving your ears open. Weighing just 18 grams, they rest lightly on the ear and play into your ear canal, while leaving it open to allow other sounds in. The tightly focused sound also keeps disruption to others to a minimum, so you can use them at work or the library and respect quiet time rules. The 160mAh battery gives you five hours of sound, while the carefully placed microphones make it easy to take calls and be heard no matter where you are. The entire unit is rated IPX5 waterproof, so it can stand up to sweat, rain, and other daily hazards, and simple controls make accessing voice assistants a snap. Get the Allegro Directional Audio Open-Ear Headphones for $59. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We all need a little boost every once in a while. Maybe you need to make sure you’re sharp and dialed in for an important meeting at work. Maybe you need some extra motivation to get out and train for that 5k. Maybe you drew the early shift on a long summer road trip. Whatever the reason you need a pick-me-up, what really matters is how you get it. You can walk into any convenience store in the country and buy an energy drink loaded with caffeine, sugar, and a bunch of other sketchy ingredients. Or you could go with a good old fashioned coffee. But these leave you prone to jitters and crashes without actually addressing your exhaustion and lack of energy at the root level. If you want a solution that actually helps your brain work better, you need to check out the scientifically formulated Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks from Neurohacker Collective. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15-percent discount.) Most energy drinks and shots are produced by international beverage conglomerates that care more about profits than scientific research. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks are different. They are the product of years of research into brain function and neurochemical systems by the team of scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective. When developing Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks, Neurohacker Collective started by identifying specific neurological processes that can be easily and quickly augmented by various nootropic compounds, vitamins, amino acids, fruit extracts, and herbal extracts. Then they developed a precise blend of 12 ingredients that are clinically proven to improve cognitive function and overall brain health. Six of these ingredients are nootropics. There is saffron extract to support mood, cognitive function, vision, and sports performance; NooLVL to support neurotransmission speed, executive function, energy, and muscle performance; EnXtra (alpina galanga) to support alertness, focus, and cognitive function; Alpha GPC to support cognitive function and exercise performance; celastrus paniculatus seed extract to support cognitive performance, mood, and stress response, and Coffee Berry extract (a more balanced source of caffeine) to support cognitive performance, exercise performance, and mood. When taken in the right amounts and in the right combinations, these nootropic compounds have been shown to support neuroplasticity and neurotransmission, which in turn enhance verbal fluency, critical thinking, memory, mood, stamina, alertness, and focus. Want to learn more about the ingredients used in Qualia Nootropic Energy? That’s not a problem. Unlike the international beverage conglomerates, Neurohacker Collective actually wants you to understand exactly what you’re putting in your body and why, so they publish detailed reports on every ingredient. Just click here to see the full list. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks are designed for daily or occasional use. Each two-ounce berry-flavored shot contains just 4g of sugar and 15 total calories. Shots come in packs of 20, and new subscribers get 50 percent off their first shipment, plus 17 percent off all subsequent shipments. Not sure Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks are right for you? Don’t worry. Like all Neurohacker Collective products, these come with a full 100-day money-back guarantee, plus a free cognitive assessment tool to help you track changes in cognitive function. If you don’t notice a marked improvement in your mental performance while using Qualia Nootropic Energy shots, they’ll give you a full refund. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15-percent discount.) If you’re tired of putting junk in your body, and you want a way to boost energy, focus, memory, and productivity without the all-too-common side effects of traditional stimulants and energy drinks, you need to give Qualia Nootropic Energy a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Along with three other passengers, Blue Origin CEO Jeff Bezos rocketed high into the upper atmosphere on what the company is calling its first crewed mission to space. The company's New Shepard rocket, dubbed the RSS First Step, launched from the West Texas desert and reached three Gs and a blistering speed of 2,233 mph during the trip. "It’s actually a pleasurable experience," Bezos said during a press conference following the launch. He also noted that his expectations were "dramatically exceeded" and that zero gravity "felt so normal." During the press junket, Bezos, his brother, 18-year-old Oliver Daemon, and 82-year-old pilot veteran Wally Funk got their Blue Origin astronaut wings, awarded by Jeff Ashby, former NASA Space Shuttle astronaut and Blue Origin's chief of mission assurance. In reality, it's arguably a bit of a stretch to use the term "astronaut" here. If you zoom out, it looks an awful lot like Bezos and co couldn't qualify for normal astronaut wings — so it invented its own. To be sure, the United States Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps award the astronaut badge to those who fly above just 50 miles. But while the rocket's passengers successfully traveled to 62 miles, an arbitrary line drawn by the Fédération aéronautique internationale (FAI) over half a century ago, they were passengers, not actual crew members. The use of the term is controversial, considering the four were taken for a ten minute joyride and weren't ever in control over the vehicle. None of them became NASA astronauts today, either — despite the fact that Funk more than deserves her certification after being put through the space agency's rigorous Woman in Space Program gauntlet in the early 1960s, even though none of the program participants were ever selected to go to space. NASA reserves the right to award the wings to only those who complete a set of specific requirements. Eligible US citizens need to possess a master's degree in a STEM field, have two years of relevant professional experience or complete "at least 1,000 hours pilot-in-command time on jet aircraft." They also need to be able to pass the "NASA long-duration flight astronaut physical," which, among many other things, requires them to have 20/20 vision, a blood pressure of below 140/90 while sitting and a "standing height between 62 and 75 inches," according to official documentation. The crew also missed the chance to be awarded wings designed for those who fly to space on commercial spacecraft. Bezos and company didn't end up qualifying for the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) Commercial Astronaut Wings, due to the fact they were passengers, not flight crew. The FAA’s Commercial Astronaut Wings Program was designed to "recognize flight crewmembers who further the FAA’s mission to promote the safety of vehicles designed to carry humans," according to the agency's website. Crews have to demonstrate a safe flight and return from space on a mission licensed by the FAA. They also have to meet other specific requirements for "flight crew" qualifications, including the "ability to withstand the stresses of space flight, which may include high acceleration or deceleration, microgravity, and vibration," as well as training and flying above 50 miles above the surface of Earth. The FAA awarded the first Commercial Astronaut Wings license for the launch of the spaceplane SpaceShipOne (SS1) back in 2004, an aircraft launch system now operated by Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic. The FAA also approved today's Blue Origin launch last week — but despite the approval, the administration's wings are still out of reach for Bezos and company. The administration also requires crew members to perform a job while on the flight to qualify as "flight crew" and don't award them to "spaceflight participants," CNN reports. Branson, interestingly, did qualify for FAA wings during his maiden voyage earlier this month, as he was tasked with evaluating the private customer experience during the launch. In fact, Virgin Galactic pilots Mark ‘Forger’ Stucky and ‘CJ’ Sturckow were also awarded FAA Commercial Astronaut Wings by the US Department of Transportation after flying the spaceship VSS Unity into "space," an apogee of 51.4 miles, back in 2018. Blue Origin's New Shepard spacecraft flew entirely autonomously today, meaning that nobody on board had to act as the pilot or flight crew, as Axios points out. 18-year-old Oliver Daemon, son of a equity firm CEO, who bought himself a ticket on the flight, won't get the FAA's astronaut wings either. So it's no wonder that Blue Origin, a company that tasked itself with sending wealthy paying customers to the edge of space, had to come up with an alternative solution: its own astronaut wings. It's certainly a very generous use of the term that is bound to ruffle some weathers, particularly when it comes to those who committed much of their life to further space exploration over decades. A ten minutes and ten seconds-long thrill ride just doesn't really compare. More on the launch: 82-Year-Old Woman Becomes Oldest Person in Space Share This Article 
It was like listening to a family riding a thrill ride together at a theme park. But it was actually a billionaire and a few of his pals screaming as Blue Origin successfully completed its first crewed mission to the edge of space. The company's New Shepard spacecraft RSS First Step rocketed from the West Texas desert high into the Earth's upper atmosphere, reaching an apogee of 351,210 feet, or 66.5 miles. Blue Origin CEO Jeff Bezos and his brother were on board, as well as retired pilot Wally Funk and an 18-year-old son of a private equity investment firm CEO. While the crew technically earned their "astronaut wings," awarded by the US government to anybody who flies above an altitude of 50 miles, the launch failed to reach orbit. That's a technicality that we're probably going to hear a lot about in the coming months and years. Basically, space tourism ventures like Blue Origin are probably going to be claiming that they're sending a lot of people to "space." That's savvy marketing, but it's certainly not true in the same way that SpaceX is sending astronauts all the way to the International Space Station for months-long sojourns — and in the race to a true orbital economy, that distinction matters. The rocket may have crossed the internationally agreed upon boundary between the Earth's atmosphere and outer space called the Kármán line at 62 miles — but it didn't manage to get to an altitude where spaceflight can be feasibly sustained. There's arguably a difference between poking your head above the clouds — and achieving "spaceflight." The edge of space has always been vaguely defined. And with the rise of the space tourism industry, the Kármán line has been turned into a marketing gimmick, allowing an increasing number of companies to sell extremely expensive "tickets to space" to the ultra wealthy. "Over the past 60 years of space travel, most things have not hung out in this liminal region for long periods of time," Jonathan McDowell, an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, told The Atlantic. In other words, the altitude reached by the RSS First Step today was a place that spacecraft simply pass through to get to actual space. In fact, the Kármán line itself was the result of scientists rounding up to arrive at a clean number: 100 kilometers, according to The Atlantic. Perhaps it is time to draw a more significant boundary to where "outer space" begins, perhaps at an altitude where orbital velocities can be achieved. For now, billionaires will have to market their rollercoaster ride as a way to get to 62 miles — but once space tourism flights become more commonplace, it's likely that suborbital flights like today's will become second best to wealthy thrill seekers as well. The real rollercoaster ride arguably happens in low-Earth orbit. In orbit, a spacecraft can outpower the planet's gravitational pull to continuously free fall around the Earth — and not immediately start plummeting back down through the atmosphere. Credit where credit is due. Thousands contributed to today's Blue Origin launch, and the fact that the launch went by without a hitch is a major achievement to those who helped make it happen. But perhaps, the name RSS First Step was intentional — Bezos's journey today is only the beginning. Maybe one day, his space company will truly compete with other companies that have brought humans into orbit. Take SpaceX, for instance. The Elon Musk-led company is sending its first crew of private citizens on a multi day journey around the Earth as soon as next month — and they'll be cruising right past the Kármán line, treating it like the arbitrary boundary it was designed to be. READ MORE: Jeff Bezos Is Ready to Cross a Cosmically Controversial Line More on the launch: 82-Year-Old Woman Becomes Oldest Person in Space Share This Article 
Robots are so complex, they can now do our dancing for us. Robotics are a fun, interactive way to learn circuitry, engineering, and coding, and the Smart Nano Bots PCB Construction Set with Toolkit has everything you need to get started.  This kit has seven different bots to build, each packaged like trading cards. First, you'll be instructed on how to set up your workspace, which is perfect for budding engineers to learn about making things safely. The toolkit comes with tweezers, file, soldering wire, a USB-powered soldering iron, a rotary tool, and safety glasses, everything you need.  After you get your tools arranged and get comfortable, you can start unwrapping the bots. Each one comes with snap-out print circuit board (PCB) parts and a detailed instruction booklet. Each robot is designed to be both fun to build and play with while teaching you about some aspect of electrical engineering. If you're new, or just rusty, there's a practice bot that lets you try out the basics of soldering with some simple techniques. Once you're more confident, or if you're already handy with a soldering iron, you can move on to the other bots. Each uses light sensors and will follow any light source you shine on them, and you can start with the instructions. As you progress, you can switch and add parts, just like other building kits, to customize your bots and try new approaches to your engineering technique.  Successfully Funded on Kickstarter & IndieGoGo!, this kit is simple to assemble on your own, or as a family project. Older kids comfortable with soldering and with safety gear can even put them together themselves, making it a perfect gift for the robot fan in your life. Get the Smart Nano Bots PCB Construction Set + Toolkit for $125.99 (reg. $129) Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As cameras have wound up everywhere, we've been scanning everything we can, from documents to our own eyeballs. Yet too often we just grab a snap of a crucial note or receipt when we can do a lot more with it. The iScanner app for iOS puts a scanner in your pocket, making your notes, snaps, and more a far more useful resource. Rated the  #1 Scanning App on App Store with 4.8/5 stars, 70M+ downloads, iScanner works by using optical character recognition, or OCR. OCR predates even computers; early versions of the technology were developed in the 1910s to speed up telegraphs and help people with visual impairments access printed materials. Now, paired with AI and machine learning, OCR turns most text into data that can be searched, copied, shared, and otherwise made use of as if you'd typed it into a document yourself, while sparing you the transcription chores. iScanner is built to make OCR part of your workday, by automating daily tasks. For example, you can scan a form, and it will automatically pick out what needs to be filled in and signed so you can square that away, and then email it or use email-to-fax to get that document out the door. Then you can file it as a PDF or JPG for your records. Do the same thing with your meeting notes and they'll be fully searchable, helping to get things done on the job. In addition to document features, iScanner can make providing identity documents for employers or travel a snap, can count similar objects if you take a photo with them, read simple math expressions and provide you the answers, and even tell you the total area of a surface. It makes your iPhone into a productivity tool, so you can get what you most need done. Get a lifetime subscription to the iScanner app for iOS for $39.99 (reg. $199), 79% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As technology shapes our future, it also shapes our perspective; the way we perceive the world changes with the tools we use to explore it further.  The way we view health is changing because of people like Daniel Tal Mor, who believes wellness will go from being "trendy" to absolutely essential, and the advent of a device that hacks your health with metabolism data. Tal Mor is the CEO of Lumen, a company he co-founded with Ironman competitors sisters Merav and Michal Mor who have PhDs in physiology. Lumen is a consumer nutrition management platform based on a small device that measures metabolism through a single breath and provides personalized food, lifestyle, and health recommendations. It's the sort of tech that pro athletes use but hasn't been available for the average person looking to make positive changes to their diet and workout routine—until Lumen. Seeing wellness as vital to every aspect of life, the team of scientists and engineers are using Lumen to bring context and preventive healthcare to those who want to better understand their metabolism and how nutrition affects their bodies in real-time. By telling you what metabolic fuel your body is currently using between carbs and fats and syncing with other health-tracking apps, Lumen empowers users with an entirely new strategy for reaching health and fitness goals, preventing illness and disease, getting better rest, and generally finding a more holistic approach to wellness. The innovative executive shares his outlook on how we can adapt our wellness goals to a world transformed by smart use of technology:  "Eventually, everything about our health and fitness will be hyper-connected. We have data in silos or compartments — performance and fitness data is measured by Garmin or specific activity trackers. Our sleep data is measured with another sensor, but it’s not only about data sources. It’s also about experiences — you need to know what to do and how to act according to all the data.... Therefore, the future of wellness rests in how goal-oriented and focused we can be while empowering ourselves to be more proactive.... This is where preventative measures are essential. What if we could predict your likelihood of having a more serious disease like diabetes or heart disease, or any conditions resulting from a less healthy lifestyle?" Whether you're looking to lose weight, dial in on athletic performance, or further improve a healthy lifestyle, Lumen brings the power of metabolic testing to a device that can fit in your pocket — WIRED even described it as "like having a personal nutritionist".  Lumen is the world’s largest metabolism measurement platform with 1 million monthly metabolism measurements. Their researchers have determined that people who measure their metabolism: Take a deep breath and exhale to begin a new path on your journey to optimal health and wellness. Learn more about Lumen today.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's nothing worse than desperately trying to charge your wireless device when you have to sift through a messy pile of wires. Instead of dealing with the mess and stress of wired charging, what if there was an attractive way to wirelessly charge your devices that blended seamlessly into your design aesthetic. That way, you could say goodbye to all the wires that hang from the sides of sofas and off the sides of your desk? Well, if you're seeking beautiful charging solutions that combine luxury materials and cutting-edge technology, you need a high-end wireless charger from Courant. The design gurus at Courant want to simplify your charging experience by replacing all your frayed cords with high-end wireless charging devices. To do this, Courant's simple user experience and product forms are created to equip each room of your home with elegant, yet effortless charging solutions. From industrial design to content creation, Courant works with today's best creative minds in their Soho office in New York. The result is leather-wrapped wireless chargers that blend seamlessly into your design aesthetic, whatever it may be. The CATCH:1 is Courant's single device wireless charging station. It's also the simplest wireless charger they offer. The CATCH:1 is low profile, weighted so it stays put, and wrapped in quality materials like leather and aluminum alloy. Most importantly, CATCH:1 is Qi Certified and uses cutting-edge technology to ensure that your phone charges at lightning speed. Thanks to its simple, space-saving design, CATCH:1 works best in locations where space saving is top of mind - making it perfect for areas with limited space like end tables, office desks, and kitchen countertops/islands. CATCH:1 comes in four colors including saddle, black, ash, and bone. The CATCH:2 picks up where the CATCH:1 leaves off. It's a multi-device wireless charging station, without any of the drawbacks of “dead-zones”. That's thanks to the CATCH:2’s Qi-Certified, five charging coils that cover the surface of the charger. The result is the most forgiving charging experience on the market for a multi-device charger. This product works best in settings such as living rooms (where two people can share a charge with two phones) or in an office where you'll need to charge multiple wireless devices at the same time. CATCH:2 is available in a variety of colors including saddle, black, ash, and bone. If what you need is more than simply a charging station the CATCH:3 is for you. It's the new home for your most essential items. The CATCH:3 combines a multi-coil, single device wireless technology with the familiar valet silhouette, allowing you to thoughtfully organize accessories, while also charging your devices. This sleek design makes it the perfect accessory tray for bedsides and the entryway of your home. That way you will always be able to find not only your fully charged phone, but all of your essential items in one centralized location. Like CATCH:1 and CATCH:2, CATCH:3 comes in Italian leather in the colors saddle, black, ash, and bone. And that's not all. Curant offers custom monogramming in silver and gold foil on all of its products. All that, and Curant also offers free shipping and returns on all orders over $75 in the USA and Canada. So isn't it time you ditch the clutter for a wireless charging solution that's not only more elegant, but more efficient too? Click here to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As internet access becomes easier to get and even the most staid industries hire web designers, web design has become a key job skill not just for IT professionals, but office workers, leaders, and entrepreneurs. Yet even the simplest website is far more complex, and needs to be carefully designed with the end-user in mind.  The Venus Design System makes it easier to engineer and launch any website, for any skill level. It typically sells for $99, and is on sale now for just $39.  #3 Product of the Day on Product Hunt with 305 Upvotes, Venus is built on Atomic Design methodology, which views websites not as "pages," but systems built as components engineered for users. Starting a website from scratch can be useful when you're learning, but can also drain your resources when you're trying to run a business or complete other tasks. And reusing old code can only take you so far, especially if you need to completely overhaul your site. Venus puts all the components, assets, and styles you need right there to quickly dispense with standard tasks so you can fine tune what's important, or launch new pages and sites faster. Click what you need, tweak it to match your standards, and get back to the complicated stuff. Venus has everything you need in the box, with all elements ready for both Android and iOS. First, there are over 250 global design styles you can use that standardize everything on the site. Choose color, font, size, display, and everything else to ensure your site is clear, on brand, and readable. All of the 2000+ components states are engineered as variants, making them flexible for your design, and there's a library of assets and icons to freely use. And with a lifetime subscription, as new items are added to the library, you can use them right away. Get the Venus Design System for $39 (reg. $99), 60% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In the early days of cryptocurrencies, many experts viewed Bitcoin and Ethereum as passing fads. But today, it's pretty clear that cryptocurrencies are here to stay. And despite recent pullbacks, cryptocurrencies have still proven to be an unenviable investment over the long haul. So if you're looking to invest, the crypto trading platform eToro can provide you with all the innovative tools you'll need to build a diversified crypto portfolio and start trading like a pro. A lot has changed since Bitcoin first came on the scene. After selling almost $1 billion in Bitcoin futures in November 2020, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange started trading Ethereum futures in early 2021, which has dramatically increased trade volume. Companies like Mastercard, and Visa have announced they will soon accept payments in crypto, while investment giants like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanely now help their wealthiest clients invest in digital assets. Given these developments, it’s no wonder many experts are bullish on the future of crypto. Legendary investor Mark Mobius, the cofounder of Mobius Capital Partners who once highly skeptical,” now believes crypto will be “alive and well” in the future. Billionaire investor and entrepreneur Mark Cuban recently proclaimed cryptocurrencies “the future,” and has started accepting them as payment for NBA franchise. However, investing in crypto can be pretty complicated and intimidating for first-time users. And a lot of trading platforms only cater to experts. But eToro is not like other crypto trading platforms. When you sign up with eToro, you can trade 17 of the most popular coins, including bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin. And their fees are some of the most competitive in the industry, with no hidden charges or surprises. However, what really sets eToro apart are the tools they provide to help you create your portfolio. eToro investors are able to connect and interact like they would on a social media platform, pooling knowledge and sharing tips and strategies. The intuitive eToro app features a newsfeed so users can follow market trends in real time and receive customizable alerts about new developments on your “watch list.” It also allows you to view millions of other traders’ portfolios, stats, and risk scores. EToro also offers a “virtual portfolio” feature to help you practice and hone your strategies before you invest. Another unique feature is eToro's CopyTrader, which lets you browse the profiles of eToro’s top-performing traders and automatically copy all of their trades with a single click. This amazing feature comes at no extra charge, and all you have to do is choose the amount of money you want to dedicate to automatically copying other traders. Choose one trader to copy, or choose 100, and stop or change course at any time. When you trade with eToro, you trade with total confidence thanks to its industry-leading security protocols. And all funds held at eToro USA are FDIC insured. So if you think now is the right time to add cryptocurrencies to your portfolio, click here to sign up for eToro, today. Note From eToro: eToro USA LLC does not offer CFDs and makes no representation and assumes no liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the content of this publication, which has been prepared by our partner utilising publicly available non-entity specific information about eToro. Your capital is at risk. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Some rare good news out of the last year or so has been that our masking up and socially distancing has helped keep the flu and other respiratory infections at bay. And whether you need to protect your health, or just don't want to get sick, the Respokare Flu-Fighter Masks can help protect yourself and others. Typically selling for $69, you can get a 30 Pack of Respokare Flu-Fighter Masks on sale for only $39.99. We've been masking up for the last year for two reasons. The first is that even simple masks, in combination with social distancing and staying home if you're not feeling well, help keep others' germs out. The second, and far more important, step is that they keep us from spreading our germs to others.  That makes slipping on a mask in crowded situations, indoors or outdoors, a useful public health tool, and the Respokare mask ups the protection with four layers. First, the outer layer of the mask helps trap microorganisms that may be pulled towards you when you breathe. For those that get through, the active layer greets them with copper and zinc ions. These ions have been shown to have anti-microbial properties, which, by the way, is why so many door handles are made of zinc or copper alloys like brass. The filter layer helps block out anything that manages to get through the first two, while the inner layer is built to make the mask comfortable to wear all day. The mask is latex-free, as well, so everyone can breathe easier Each layer protects as you breath in and breathe out, trapping the germs that put you and others at risk. Once you're done, throw it away in a sealed container. While there's no perfect way to avoid all bugs, a good mask will make it harder for them to get a foothold. Get the Respokare Flu-Fighter Mask for $39.99 (reg. $69), 42% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
An estimated 60 percent of people are working from home right now. And according to a study from National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, as many as 70 percent of them spend a minimum of six or more hours sitting down each day. The reason your back hurts isn't just because you're getting older. It’s also because you're using furniture that's not designed properly. Luckily, there’s the noho move™ chair, an ergonomic chair designed for comfort and sustainability. The noho move™ chair brings a new kind of comfort to everyday life thanks to its unique ergonomic design and earth-friendly production process. It's the result of thousands of hours of research fine tuned for how we live our dynamic modern lives. It was born to move, just like you, whenever you do. However, what revolutionizes the noho move™ chair is its patented design that rocks, complies with any physique, and enables a “forward-tilt” and “recline-flex” that deliver a uniquely fluid motion and ergonomic support. This support intuitively responds to your every activity and posture, eliminating pressure points, and improving your body's circulation. It incorporates an auxetic mesh seat that provides 4-way flex and form-fitting support that cradles your body. Complete your look by selecting one or more of the interchangeable upholstery toppers that come in five vibrant colors and are made from sustainably sourced and naturally durable New Zealand wool. noho is a New Zealand born and based, Colorado located, company that believes furniture should look and feel good while also having a positive impact on the planet. That's why they don’t rely on conventional thinking or materials. Instead, they create earth-friendly designs intended to clean up our oceans, protect our environment, and enrich our overall well-being. These values are reflected in every detail of noho's products. The result is furniture like the noho move™ chair that not only reduces our global footprint, but actually helps restore it. Each chair is made almost entirely from waste plastic - like ECONYL® regenerated nylon, sourced 100% from reclaimed fishing nets and end-of-use carpets - to help nurture our oceans and environment. In addition to using sustainable materials, noho also uses eco-friendly processes to make and package every product. They also manufacture all their furniture in New Zealand to ensure sustainability through the supply chain while powering production with 82% renewable energy. The team at noho works to combine a deep understanding of human physiology and movement with a mastery of ergonomic design and engineering. The result is furniture that flows naturally with your body and your life. This unique balance of support and movement creates responsive, dynamic comfort for better physical health and well-being. None of this would be possible without noho's sister company, Formway, which designs all of noho's furniture. Formway combines creative thinking with diligent research, user empathy, design expertise, science-based insights and engineering innovation to redefine what’s possible in furniture form, function and comfort. Purchasing your noho move™ chair is simple, and it comes with free shipping and returns. Not only that, noho believes in their product so much they offer a 100-day free trial. So what are you waiting for? Click here to choose comfort with the noho move™ chair. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In a scathing — and eye-opening — Twitter thread, the co-creator of popular altcoin Dogecoin, Jackson Palmer, eviscerated the technology and community behind cryptocurrencies in general. It was a blistering takedown. "After years of studying it," Palmer wrote, "I believe that cryptocurrency is an inherently right-wing, hyper-capitalistic technology built primarily to amplify the wealth of its proponents through a combination of tax avoidance, diminished regulatory oversight and artificially enforced scarcity." The thread makes it very clear that — unlike Dogecoin co-creator Billy Markus, who recently decided to invest in the token himself — Palmer believes the crypto industry promotes exactly the kind of financial systems it claims to replace. It's also a convincingly argued reminder that cryptocurrencies offer very little in terms of protection to those they end up victimizing. "The cryptocurrency industry leverages a network of shady business connections, bought influencers and pay-for-play media outlets to perpetuate a cult-like 'get rich quick' funnel designed to extract new money from the financially desperate and naive," Palmer wrote in the thread. In other words, like traditional financial systems, the crypto industry serves to separate the haves from the have-nots. "Financial exploitation undoubtedly existed before cryptocurrency, but cryptocurrency is almost purpose built to make the funnel of profiteering more efficient for those at the top and less safeguarded for the vulnerable," he argued. He has a point. The industry has been rife with scams and embezzlement schemes that have only served to undermine the legitimacy of a technology meant to put an end to a profiteering Wall Street. In fact, it's only getting worse. Americans lost more than $80 million in crypto scams between October 2020 and June 2021, a rise of 1,000 percent year over year, according to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Despite the total lack of safety precautions for the most vulnerable, US regulators have done little to change that dangerous vacuum. "Cryptocurrency is like taking the worst parts of today's capitalist system (eg. corruption, fraud, inequality) and using software to technically limit the use of interventions (eg. audits, regulation, taxation) which serve as protections or safety nets for the average person," Palmer wrote. "This is the type of dangerous 'free for all' capitalism cryptocurrency was unfortunately architected to facilitate since its inception,"Palmer argued. In short, Palmer has called it quits with crypto, saying it doesn't align with his "politics or belief system." Dogecoin was, after all, meant to be a joke cryptocurrency that skewered the very nature of the then-burgeoning industry. But with its tremendous rise in value, in large part driven by Tesla CEO Elon Musk, the joke turned into exactly the kind of thing it was making fun of in the first place. And Palmer is sick and tired of having to explain why that's a really bad thing. More on cryptocurrencies: A Cache of Ancient Bitcoin, Possibly Mined by Satoshi, Just Awakened Share This Article 
A team of researchers in China has claimed a new record in quantum computing, saying its new computer is far more powerful than any that came before it — including the best effort by the megacorporation Google. In a preprint uploaded to arXiv, the researchers claim their quantum computer was able to solve a problem using 56 out of its 66 qubits, the quantum equivalent of bits in a conventional computer. That's a step up from Google's Sycamore processor, which only has 54 qubits. In 2019, Google claimed its computer was the first to achieve quantum supremacy, the threshold beyond which quantum computers are able to solve problems that elude classical computers. Google claimed its computer solved a problem in less than 3.5 minutes, something that would've taken the most powerful conventional supercomputer 10,000 years to do. The Chinese team didn't go quite that far in its new paper. "We estimate that the sampling task finished by Zuchongzhi in about 1.2 hours [or 70 minutes] will take the most powerful supercomputer at least eight years," the team wrote in its paper. "The computational cost of the classical simulation of this task is estimated to be 2-3 orders of magnitude higher than the previous work on 53-qubit Sycamore processor." The problem the computer was solving was around 100 times more difficult to solve than the one solved by Google's Sycamore, according to the researchers. It's a powerful hint of what quantum computers could soon be capable of, but their success needs to be taken with a grain of salt. Case in point, this latest paper has yet to be peer-reviewed. Besides, as has been the case for pretty much all quantum computers so far, use cases are still extremely specialized, meaning that they won't be replacing their binary predecessors any time soon. The team's Zuchongzhi system is a two-dimensional programmable computer that can manipulate up to 66 qubits. In other words, it can encode quantum information, the quantum state of a single electron, across 66 quantum bits. Last year, a team made up of many of the same members demonstrated a quantum computer with 76 photonic qubits, qubits that store information about the charge state of photons. That computer, however, was not programmable like Zuchongzhi, as Cosmos Magazine points out. In other words, it was hardwired to complete the target calculation. So what was the problem Zuchongzhi solved? The computer sampled the output distribution of random quantum circuits, as Cosmos puts it, a highly complex problem that has proved unsolvable for classical supercomputers. In other words, it's an excellent benchmark for the current crop of quantum computers. While the usefulness of such calculations has yet to really be translated for use in the real world, scientists were impressed by the results. "I’m very excited by this," Peter Knight at Imperial College London, who was not involved in the research, told New Scientist. "What this has done is really demonstrate what we’ve always thought we knew, but didn’t have proved experimentally, that you can always beat a classical machine by adding a few more qubits." READ MORE: China beats Google to claim the world's most powerful quantum computer [New Scientist] More on quantum computers: Microsoft Retracts Paper Claiming Quantum Computing Breakthrough Share This Article 
Have you ever stopped to think about just how much radiation penetrates your body on a daily basis? If not, you probably should. After all, this is not 1995, when you had one computer with a hard-line Internet connection and a giant cell phone you only used for emergencies. Today we are literally surrounded by smart devices that generate electromagnetic radiation, from our phones, tablets, computers, and watches, to our televisions, routers, speakers, and even our light bulbs and refrigerators. And studies are starting to show that prolonged exposure to such radiation is not as harmless as we once thought. So how do you go about reducing your exposure? Well, the good news is you don’t have to fashion yourself a little hat out of aluminum foil for EMF protection. You just need to order yourself Lambs' Faraday EMF-proof clothing. Electromagnetic fields, or EMFs, are invisible fields of energy that are produced by electrically charged objects. The propagation of this energy at specific wavelengths and speeds is what we call electromagnetic radiation, or EMR. High-frequency EMR such as x-rays and gamma rays are called ionizing radiation and directly damage DNA. Low- to mid-frequency EMR such as that produced by microwaves, cell phones, and WIFI are called non-ionizing radiation. While the official stance of most government health agencies is that non-ionizing radiation does not pose health risks to humans, there actually is growing evidence to suggest this is not the case. Non-ionizing radiation has been shown to interfere with cellular oxidative repair mechanisms, inflicting oxidative stress and free radical damage that can, in fact, lead to cancer. There are also studies linking EMR to reproductive harm, cardiovascular disease, and cognitive and memory effects, among other things. Luckily, you don’t have to live in an underground bunker and avoid all contact with the outside world to limit your exposure to EMFs and EMR. Thanks to a high tech clothing company called Lambs, and their cutting edge Wavestopper™ fabric, you can protect yourself from EMR all day, every day. Lambs' Wavestopper™ technology uses the principle of electromagnetic shielding. Electromagnetic radiation cannot pass through holes in conductive material that are smaller than its wavelength. Thus, it is possible to shield an object from EMR by surrounding it with a conductive wire-mesh. When radiation meets this conductive wire-mesh, it induces a displacement of electrons inside the conductive material. This causes the radiation to be reflected instead of going inside the shield. Lambs’ Wavestopper™ fabric is embedded with silver fibers that create a wire-mesh shield that protects what’s inside. According to independent testing, this fabric blocks 99% of microwaves, including WIFI, bluetooth, and cellphone radiation. Lambs has a number of awesome pieces in their Faraday line that use Wavestopper™ fabric to block EMFs. Below you can find just a few of their most popular. The Faraday Beanie is a warm, comfortable, and stylish way to protect your noggin. It is certified to block 99 percent of wireless radiation, including 3G, 4G, 5G, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth, while also protecting you from harmful UV rays. With an outer layer made of 100-percent acrylic and an inner layer made of 44-percent cotton, 39-percent silver, and 17-percent polyester, this hat is machine washable and one-size-fits-all. Click here to order. Want to protect yourself from the cell phone you keep in your pocket most of the day? The Faraday Boxer Briefs are the answer. Certified to block 99 percent of EMR thanks to Lambs’ super soft silver flex blend, these premium underpants are heat-regulating and anti-microbial and feature a no-roll waistband and stay-put legs. Click here to order. Looking for the ultimate t-shirt? Look no further. The Faraday T-Shirt blocks 99 percent of EMR as well as harmful UV rays. It’s moisture-wicking and antimicrobial, meaning you stay fresh all day long. And it’s lightweight athletic fit means you can effortlessly pull off the classic jeans-and-a-t-shirt look. Click here to order. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Internet security (or lack thereof) is constantly making headlines. However, cybercrime is not just a sensational news topic – it's a very real problem. In fact, this criminal industry is estimated to be worth a staggering $4.2 billion. The most common scams are phishing and ransomware, and the aftermath of such crimes can be disastrous, ranging from theft of personal information to emptying bank accounts. What's worse, hackers can use your private information to commit various criminal activities in your name. Aside from crime, your Internet connection is also highly susceptible to surveillance (both legal and illegal), meaning that every time you connect, someone might be keeping tabs on you. However, there is a solution: CyberGhost VPN. VPNs were bulky and difficult to use in the past, but now they are available in the form of user-friendly programs and apps. And CyberGhost is the most trusted and recommended VPN on the market. With over 38 million satisfied customers around the world, CyberGhost VPN is guaranteed to bring you all the privacy and security you need. CyberGhost is a virtual private network (VPN), so it hides your IP address and protects your connection by forming an encrypted tunnel between youand the content you visit online. This way, you can stay private online. It's no secret that Internet Service Providers (ISPs) frequently snoop on customer data. Some ISPs even have the legal obligation to store the history of the sites you browse. However, if you connect to a CyberGhost VPN server, you keep your browsing history and info private, even from your own ISP. CyberGhost VPN also helps you access all your favorite streaming platforms. So, if you're stuck in a country that doesn't support the likes of Netflix, Disney+, or Hulu, that's not a problem – just connect to one of CyberGhost's VPN servers optimized for streaming, and you're good to go. Public WI-Fi networks are notorious for their lack of security. However, thanks to CyberGhost's AES 256-bit encryption, the gold standard of data encoding, you're safe even on the go. And, if your internet connection drops, CyberGhost VPN even features an automatic kill switch to prevent your data from leaking. Plus, you never have to worry about a thing, especially since CyberGhost VPN has a strict no-logs policy. The company is located in privacy-friendly Romania, a country where providers have no legal obligation to store your data. So CyberGhost VPN doesn't keep any logs of your online activities, preserving your privacy. CyberGhost VPN offers more than 6,800 servers in over 85 countries, including the UK, the USA, Brazil, the Netherlands, Malta, Algeria, Cambodia, and Moldova. With nearly half of the world's countries covered, being stopped by geographical restrictions or censorship is nearly impossible. What's more, the company's servers come with zero bandwidth limitations, so you don't have to worry about buffering or slowdowns. This VPN is available for a wide variety of platforms, including Windows, macOS, iOS, Android, Linux, and even routers, gaming consoles, and smart TVs. Plus, one CyberGhost VPN subscription can protect up to 7 devices at the same time. And, if you ever need it, live Customer Support is available 24/7. If you want to start securing your digital life, this is the perfect opportunity. You can now subscribe to CyberGhost VPN for only $1.99 a month and enjoy 3 months for free! So why wait? Get started with CyberGhost VPN today! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Drones are increasingly part of everyday life, to the point where they're becoming personal transportation. And as the tech gets smaller, faster, and more effective, new uses are coming to the fore. A great example is the AIR PIX, a personal photography drone that fits in your pocket and lets you ditch the selfie stick and tripod while getting great snaps. To start with, it packs a great camera in a small space, with a 12-megapixel sensor and 1080p video with a 70° degree field of view in a package that's about the size of a typical wallet. You'll get smartphone-quality photos while leaving your phone in your pocket, and the six-minute flying time and 8GB of onboard memory lets you get the shot without worry. The AIR PIX is also easy to use. Since it's an entirely self-contained unit, there's no parts to attach or arms to unfold. Just charge it, place it and launch it. You can control it in manual mode with the app, available for iOS or Android, to guide it into tight spaces or place it just so for the right shot. If you want to skip the phone, though, put the AIR PIX in auto-fly mode, and it'll follow you as you enjoy life. Or set it to gesture mode, and control it with simple hand gestures. Once you're done shooting, you can use the image editing tools included to refine your shots to just the right look, and then share them instantly to your social media feeds. When you're done, slip it in your pocket and get back to what you were doing, with no packing or refolding needed. The AIR PIX normally costs $159, yet currently you can save 13% and get your camera in the air for $139. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Laptops need more screen real estate, and while seven screens may be slightly overdoing it for some of us, a second screen provides all the extra real estate most of us need. Yet they can also be frustrating to use, especially if you're packing up and taking your laptop multiple places in a day. The Ofiyaa gives you all the productivity of a second screen, while keeping your laptop portable. If you've used a second screen, you probably know the frustrations. It needs its own pocket to protect it, you need to connect it to an external power source or charge the battery, you have to bring a stand to keep it level, and you need to keep track of the cords. Forget any bit of screen infrastructure and you're stuck being less productive until you can find a plug or video cable.  The Ofiyaa solves all these problems, first by attaching to the back of your laptop so you can slide it out when you need it, and tuck it away when you don't. It attaches in seconds and is easy to adjust to the precise angle you need with 202 degrees of motion, and the 11" HD can mirror your desktop or extend it as needed. With a 16:9 aspect ratio and matte LED backlight, it's perfect for keeping calls or reference material on a screen while using your main desktop. To power up and show what you want, it includes USB, HDMI, and two USB-C ports, making it compatible with recent laptops using any platform, and easy to share. It won't hog your battery, either, with an EnergyStar rating for low power consumption at 5 watts. All you need is a cable, and you're ready to go.  The Ofiyaa would normally cost $299, yet right now you can add a second screen for $249.99, 16% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As a BetterHelp affiliate, we may receive compensation from BetterHelp if you purchase products or services through the links provided. A lot of books, movies, and TV shows make love look so easy. They perpetuate this childish notion that, once you fall head over heels for somebody, the two of you just live happily ever after. Unfortunately, that’s not actually how love works. In real life, every relationship is going to encounter hard times. What really matters is how you deal with them. In the past people were reluctant to get professional relationship counseling for a variety of reasons, whether it was fear of social stigma, or because counseling simply isn’t accessible, convenient, or affordable. But today you don’t have to wait around until the stress, anger, and resentment damage your relationship beyond repair. Thanks to innovative online services like ReGain, more people than ever before have access to discrete, convenient, and affordable couples counseling. And it could be just what your relationship needs to overcome the obstacles life puts in its way. ReGain is an online couples counseling service that makes it easier and more affordable for couples to get help from licensed therapists. To get started with ReGain, you simply fill out a brief survey. ReGain then matches you with a psychologist (PhD or PsyD), licensed marriage and family therapist (LMFT), licensed clinical social worker (LCSW), or licensed professional counselor (LPC). Your match is based on your needs and preferences, because different counselors have different methods and areas of specialization. However, all ReGain therapists are fully licensed in their state, and have at least three years and 2,000 hours of experience. And once you start the counseling process, if you feel the fit is not right, you can switch to a different counselor. One of the biggest advantages of ReGain over traditional face-to-face couples counseling is that you actually get more ways to communicate with your counselor—and all for one flat fee. If you prefer to interact with your counselor by phone or video chat, you can schedule appointments to do so. However, you can also communicate with your counselor electronically via a private online “room” using any web-enabled device. In your room you will write about yourself, ask questions, and discuss the issues you and your partner are experiencing. Your counselor will then respond, offering feedback, insights, and guidance. Another feature ReGain offers that traditional in-person therapy does not is complete anonymity. While all licensed therapists are legally bound to complete secrecy by the HIPPA Act, some people are uncomfortable discussing intimate personal matters in a face-to-face setting. With ReGain, you are free to use any name you wish when you sign up, and if you choose not to use the video call feature, no one will ever see your face. Online therapy is not a good fit for every couple. Because online-only providers cannot make official diagnoses and cannot prescribe medications, people dealing with more serious issues and mental illnesses will require a more traditional model. However, numerous studies have demonstrated that, for the most common issues people encounter, online therapy is just as effective as traditional in-person therapy. So if your relationship is suffering due to poor communication, financial stress, difficulty getting along with each others’ families, clashing parenting philosophies, lack of respect or trust, or lack of love or intimacy, ReGain could be for you. If you and your partner are going through some hard times, don’t wait around hoping things will magically work themselves out. Get professional help. ReGain online couples counseling is convenient, affordable and, most importantly, effective. Click here and get started today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Billionaires are racing to get off this godforsaken planet. A club made up of a number of the richest men in the world are vying to establish their companies as the de facto way to get to space for an exciting, adrenaline-fueled adventure. The promise seems to be tantalizing moments of weightless respite — reserved to the select few who can afford a ticket — from heatwaves, hurricanes, devastating floods, and a global pandemic down below. The race came to a head when Virgin Galactic CEO Richard Branson took off on a space plane and traveled to about 50 miles above the Earth's surface over the weekend. Blue Origin's Jeff Bezos is also set to accompany his brother on a ride of a lifetime on board the company's New Shepard spacecraft on July 20. While Branson and his crew of six spent four luxurious minutes falling weightlessly back down to Earth, firefighters battled with raging wildfires on the West Coast, doctors intubated COVID-19 patients, and residents nailed shutters on their windows in preparation for yet another exceptionally turbulent hurricane season. The rivalry between billionaires has ignited a heated debate about inequality. To many, those billions of dollars could've been spent alleviating the stresses of a worsening climate and humanitarian crises — while to others, it's an exhilarating taste of a future where space is more within reach than it's ever been before. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk seems to be particularly incensed by the view that billionaires are wasting their time trying to explore space while failing to fix our planet's many problems. "Those who attack space maybe they don't realize that space represents hope for so many people," Musk tweeted on Monday. But is this really a zero sum game? Do investments in space exploration really come at the expense of trying to ameliorate the conditions for humanity back on Earth? The answer to that question has become a lot more complex since the dawn of the private space industry. Billionaires are pouring copious amounts of money into their space ventures, and not only because they claim it's the right thing to do. It's also, at the end of the day, because they have greatly benefited from a system that has allowed them to accumulate obscene amounts of wealth in the first place. In other words, they and their companies have operated within a system that has done little in the way of recirculating wealth and reinvesting it in a better future for humanity. In fact, as a recent Internal Revenue Service data leak illustrates, billionaires — Musk and Bezos chief among them — have managed to wriggle their way out of paying billions in federal income taxes. In the US in particular, lawmakers have increasingly put pressure on NASA to do more with less, all the while spending a staggering amount on funding the country's sprawling military-industrial complex. NASA's budget in fiscal year 2020 was less than $23 billion, for instance, while the US spent more than $778 billion on its military in the same year. No wonder, then, that NASA is forced to turn to the private industry for help, particularly if it still plans on sending astronauts to the Moon by 2024. In short, space company billionaires have bought themselves a seat at the head of the table — and outsize influence on where space exploration will go next. And in the face of it all, Biden's incoming administration significantly re-aimed NASA's sights on a worsening environment, subtly backburnering trips to the Moon and Mars in favor of environmental work. Credit where credit is due, the billionaire club has also made contributions toward the good of the planet, though results have been mixed. Bezos's contributions, most recently a pledge of $10 billion announced on Earth Day last year to fight climate change, amounted to a middling seven percent of his net worth. All the while, his e-retail business generated record amounts of carbon emissions, rising 15 percent year over 2020 alone. Musk's efforts to battle climate change are a little more nuanced than that. Tesla has arguably contributed greatly to the rise of the electric car, an industry-wide shift that could pay dividends in reducing the carbon footprint of the automobile. But SpaceX's rockets alone make massive contributions to carbon emissions. A single SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket burns about 400 metric tons of kerosene and emits more emissions in just a few minutes than an average car would in more than 200 years, according to the LA Times. Branson's Virgin group also has also launched its own green Earth initiative. The "Virgin Earth Challenge" offered up a $25 million prize for the demonstration of technologies capable of permanently sucking up greenhouses gases. But, infuriatingly, the prize was never awarded and the challenge was quietly cancelled back in 2019. So are billionaires going to save us? They might help here and there, but so far, their best efforts have been hit or miss. At the same time, it's become increasingly clear that humanity is facing an uphill battle to ensure the survival of future generations on this planet. 2021 has already been a year of grim records, with the highest ever temperatures already being recorded in some places. Following the devastating pandemic, brutal climate change-linked heatwaves are causing hundreds more preventable deaths. Will traveling to space give Musk, Bezos, Branson, and company some much needed perspective? It's not out of the question. "You see the Earth from space and it changes you," Bezos promised in the announcement video of his trip to space next week. "It changes your relationship with this planet, with humanity. It’s one Earth." Of course we know better than to take them by their word this late in the game. Climate actions will always speak louder than words. Watching members of the top one percent in society rocket off to space (or close to it) isn't exactly encouraging to those who argue those billions of dollars could have been better spent on ensuring our survival as a species. And does space really "represent hope for so many people," as Musk argues? That depends on whether you're willing to take him up on the offer to eventually live in his city on Mars. It's admittedly hard to imagine a world where trips to space are commonplace when people are literally spontaneously dying from climate change-induced heat and humidity. Or as failed presidential candidate and new age guru Marianne Williamson put it in her reply to Musk on Twitter: "The problem is that Earth represents hopelessness for so many more." More on Branson's flight: Richard Branson Didn’t Go to Space Yesterday, He Just Cruised Through the Upper Atmosphere Share This Article 
It remains an open question if we'll ever achieve time travel, although some scientists think we may have cracked it. Yet there's no reason you can't at least pretend you're Marty and Doc Brown with this flux capacitor building project that combines STEM, '80s nostalgia, and family fun. Playing with blocks and using them to build new objects is widely considered one of the best kinds of family fun you can have. Ongoing research has shown that kids who play with bricks and other block-like toys develop spatial relationship and planning skills, becoming "master builders" through experience who build things from the bottom up. And besides, it's a lot of fun. This project is developed by the team at Brickstuff, which specializes in taking building projects to the next level with working lights, video screens, sounds, and much more. It not only has bricks to build with, but also a flexible circuit board with LEDs built-in to use, as well as a battery pack and full instructions with illustrations. With 18 bricks, and no soldering or other complex wiring work, it's a simple project that the entire family can build together. All you need to have handy is three AA batteries to run the lights. Once you're done, you can run the lights off the battery pack and discuss how flexible boards work and how LEDs function, and the design makes it easy to take apart and reassemble to look at how it works, or to integrate into other projects you're building together. It's a fun way to build and learn, especially on a rainy day, and it brings a little nostalgia to playtime for adults. Usually, this kit would be available for $64, yet right now, you can bring STEM and '80s nostalgia to playtime for $54.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Tesla CEO Elon Musk had to testify today in a lawsuit over his car company's 2016 acquisition of SolarCity, a publicly traded solar energy company that was near bankruptcy at the time. According to the suit, lodged by company shareholders, the acquisition was a waste of Tesla investors' funds — and they want Musk to pay Tesla back what it spent on the purchase. The suit also claims that Musk personally benefited from the acquisition — and that Lyndon and Peter Rive, Musk's cousins and founders of SolarCity, did as well. But Musk spent the day shrugging off the lawsuit, insulting the opposing side, and making a few memorable quips. A Twitter thread covering Musk's testimony by Washington Post tech reporter Will Oremus painted the billionaire as more worried about wasting his time than repenting for a deal that went against some investors' wishes. In other words, today's showing was Elon Musk, exactly as pugnacious you'd expect. At one point, he lashed out and called the plaintiff's attorney Randall Baron a "bad human being," reasserting previous comments Musk had made about him. During a 2019 deposition, for instance, Musk called Baron "reprehensible" for "attacking sustainable energy," as quoted by The Wall Street Journal. Musk also attempted to distance himself from the situation, saying during the testimony that he has tried "very hard not to be the CEO of Tesla, but I have to or frankly Tesla is going to die," as quoted by Reuters. The billionaire's appearance and behavior in court today shouldn't come as a surprise to anybody. There was the time he was sued over calling cave diver Vernon Unsworth a "pedo guy" back in 2019 — and then there's his rocky relationship with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The regulator sued him back in 2018 for misleading investors with a tweet that included a dumb weed joke. The topic of joke tweets came up during today's testimony as well. Baron pointed out that Musk gave himself the title of "Technoking" of Tesla in an official SEC filing back in March. To Baron, it was testament to the fact that Musk is a controlling investor and that he may have forced the 2016 deal. To Musk, it was a "joke" that "generated a whole bunch of free press," helpful to a company that "doesn't advertise," as quoted by Reuters. During the ongoing trial, the judge will be investigating if Musk ever tried to strongarm or influence any of Tesla's board members into the 2016, despite recusing himself at the time, according to Reuters. It's far too soon to tell how this particular lawsuit will play out. If Musk loses, Tesla would have to pay out the amount equivalent to the value of the SolarCity deal. The trial will drag on for a while longer. Or the plaintiff's lawyer put it to Musk: "We plan to spend a lot of time with you. It's going to be a grind." READ MORE: Musk tells court he dislikes being Tesla CEO as SolarCity trial opens [Reuters] More on Tesla: Elon Musk Warns Drivers Not To Trust New “Full Self-Driving” Update Share This Article 
Quarantine proved what we already knew was coming: on-demand delivery is the future of commerce.  Jeff Bezos is the world's richest person because he understood that it's much, much more convenient to shop from the comfort of your home than to actually go to a store. Amazon seems to sell virtually everything, but there's one big thing Bezos missed out on: the opportunity to deliver the best alcoholic drinks available at the ultimate convenience. Not to worry—Drizly has got your alcohol delivery on lock and at your door ASAP.  Once you realize what Drizly is—an online liquor store that offers 60-minute delivery in many areas—you'll wonder why you didn't think of this genius idea yourself. Pick out your favorite bottle of beer, wine, or liquor amongst hundreds of choices and have it delivered in just a few clicks.  Even if your local bars won't throw your cocktail in a to-go cup, don't get it twisted: alcohol delivery is legal, which allows Drizly to get you whatever you need to get the party started (or keep it going). Drizly sources from your local stores, which is how they can get things to you so quickly, allowing you to support neighborhood businesses from the comfort of your couch. Just type in your zip code, check the delivery times, select your desired items—from booze to snacks to party supplies—and sit back as you wait to sip on a whole lot of convenience.  Many of us have to come to realize that clinking glasses with friends at home is better than overpriced drinks at a bar with randoms, so why not upgrade that whole situation by making things easier than ever? Spend more time cleaning your place, setting up your backyard tiki torches, or perfecting your steak seasoning and less time schlepping to the store to pick up libations. And if you're looking to sizzle up your gathering even more, check out Drizly's recipes section featuring hundreds of recipes that will turn you into an amateur bartender overnight.  Don't miss out on the next big thing: download Drizly and stock up for the summer with thousands of drink options at your fingertips. For a limited time, you'll get $5 off your first order of $20 with code SPRINGINTOSUMMER5. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Of course we hope it never happens, but if it does, we want to be prepared. And by “it” we mean a natural disaster. Mother Nature has been handing us some doozies lately—wildfires, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, not to mention a pandemic—and in the unfortunate event that we are in her way, we want to make sure that we are able to ride out the (literal) storm. The Red Cross recommends that you keep a disaster preparedness kit in your home with enough supplies to meet your family's needs for at least 3 days. By taking the time now to store food, water, and supplies, you can provide for yourself and your family in an emergency. GETXGO is a line of fire and water-resistant and waterproof emergency kits, connecting and preparing you no matter the situation. With a plethora of items that go above and beyond the “basics”, GETXGO has given careful thought and consideration to what you may need at any given time to see you through the worst. From hygiene essentials including toothbrushes, mouthwash, and feminine products, to tools like a solar-powered power bank and crank radio, a universal charging cable, and duct tape, plus so much more, this kit offers comfort together with practicality. The pack itself is smartly arranged so that you can have everything at your fingertips. Small enough to fit into an everyday backpack, it’s perfectly designed to store anywhere—at home, at the office, in your car. You will have quick access to everything you need, as well as a smartphone app that allows you to keep a personal checklist of the planning process, make copies of important insurance and medical documents, and stay informed. According to FEMA, a 2020 survey showed that there was a 6% increase in the number of Americans that had taken steps to prepare for an emergency, no doubt, due in part to the pandemic and the other wild events that are happening seemingly more frequently. In total, 81% had gathered supplies, 65% had sought preparedness information, and 48% had created emergency plans. Be a part of the growing population that realizes the importance of  being ready in times of disasters. Get this GETXGO kit today for up to 30% off the retail price. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Recreational marijuana use is on the rise, aided in part by increasingly lax views on the behavior on the part of lawmakers in the United States. That trend has brought with it a purer, higher quality legal weed than would have been thought possible a few years ago, but that can be a double-edged sword for those of us who are interested in the positive effects of CBD without such high levels of THC. At the same time, most CBD-oriented products contain little-to-no THC at all, and without terpenes, flavonoids, and other cannabinoids that are essential for the full cannabis experience, you’re really missing out on. Dad Grass CBD prerolls represent a kind of happy medium between THC-free CBD products and full-blown traditional weed, and you can order a pack for yourself now to try it out. The mission statement of the Dad Grass brand is to bring back the casual smoke. The name of the brand is inspired by the conventional (and true) wisdom that the weed floating around today isn’t the same as your dad’s weed -- and maybe that’s too bad for us. Most of the legal stuff you’ll find at your local dispensary today has a THC level anywhere from 15-to-30 percent, while Dad Grass is a throwback to the pleasurable, mellow weed of a few decades ago, with a THC level guaranteed to be below 0.3%. That means you’ll get a light buzz on a Dad Grass joint without floating up to the ceiling, which is a niche that a surprising number of people are interested in. Hence, Dad Grass, which is like stepping into a time machine back into the halcyon days of mellow, manageable weed. Each joint is handcrafted and hand-rolled with no sticks, no stems, and no seeds. There’s no tobacco or nicotine either, and the paper is 100-percent natural and expertly folded at the end -- keeping the good stuff where it’s supposed to be. The Dad Grass approach to cannabis is reflected by its simple but effective packaging. The Dad Grass Hard Pack is practical, mobile, sturdy, and durable, and can fit almost anywhere you care to have it around. Each pack also has a freshness seal that locks in the all-natural hemp, keeping it fresh and at the highest possible standard of quality. If you want to know more about the ingredients used to make Dad Grass prerolls, you’ll find practically all the information you might need on each pack’s contents, from CBD and THC levels to the individual batch number your Dad Grass comes from. Dad Grass uses independent third-party labs to ensure their prerolls are as pure as possible, with no pesticides, mold, fungus, bacteria, heavy metals or other toxins, and each pack’s batch label gives you access to those test results so you can verify them yourself, should you so choose. If you’re interested in trying Dad Grass for yourself, you can get a five pack of Dad Grass Hemp CBD Prerolls for $35 at the Dad Grass online store, where you can also look up info on all the other fine Dad Grass products. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson has successfully flown to space and safely landed back to Earth.  The 70-year-old billionaire rode aboard the V.S.S. Unity rocket plane on Sunday morning. Unity took off from Spaceport America in New Mexico, and was carried by another plane up, dubbed Mothership Eve, to roughly 50,000 feet before being released. The craft then ignited its rockets and accelerated to an altitude of 50 miles — which is the point the US government considers to be the beginning of outer space. The flight took roughly an hour from take off to touch down. During this time, Branson and his fellow crew members evaluated the experience for future Virgin Galactic customers. They were also able to experience weightlessness for a brief period of time while the craft was at its peak arc above the Earth. Branson was a part of a crew of six to take part in the inaugural Virgin Galactic flight, according to The New York Times. Joining the mogul were pilots David Mackay and Michael Masucci, as well as three mission specialists who helped evaluate the experience for future astronauts.  The specialists included Beth Moses, chief astronaut instructor; Colin Bennet, lead operations engineer; and Sirisha Bandla, vice president of government affairs and research operations at Virgin Galactic. Of course, the true beginning of outer space is a hotly debated topic. It’s even resulted in a hilariously aggressive infographic from Blue Origin arguing that the Kármán Line — a point roughly 62 miles in altitude — is the true beginning of outer space. Branson said that the flight was "an experience of a lifetime" during the Unity's descent — and he's no doubt right. Regardless of what you think of the whole billionaires-going-into-space trend, it's pretty cool that we get to see space tourism finally take off (literally) after decades of work and research. This undoubtedly is a huge step forward for a new era of space travel and exploration. Watch the full flight below:   More on billionaire space race: Blue Origin Is Officially Feuding with Virgin Galactic Share This Article 
Buying a mattress is an investment into your overall health and well being. Data suggests the average American spends around 11 hours a day lying in bed, which equates to about a third of your lifetime. Knowing this, you can't afford to skimp on quality. This is even more important if you're the kind of person who lives an active lifestyle, and already know the importance of getting a good night's rest when it comes to your recovery. If you're in the market for a new mattress and are looking for something engineered to optimize both your recovery and comfort, then you should know about Molecule's latest mattress model, Molecule 2. What sets the Molecule 2 apart from other mattresses is its CONTOURFLO layer. It's the foundation of the Molecule mattresses, and engineered to provide a supportive base that fosters healthy spine alignment. Like every other part of the Molecule mattress, it's made of breathable materials. This promotes not only better airflow, but also a natural transfer of heat so you never wake up drenched in sweat. The RECOVERYFLO layer sits atop the CONTOURFLO layer. It's made of three inches of precision-contoured 3D geometric surface that's specially designed to offer self-adjusting support to five different hyper-targeted zones in the body. The next part of your Molecule 2 mattress is the AIRTEC™ layer. AIRTEC™ is a proprietary foam innovation that uses Air-Engineered™ technology to form a matrix of open cells for unprecedented airflow. This gives it five times the airflow of traditional memory foam mattresses so you will get maximum temperature regulation every time you lay down. Think of it as a vent for your mattress to keep air and heat circulating. Plus, it does all this without sacrificing comfort or durability. Then comes the BIOCHARGE™ recovery layer, which is a proprietary foam technology that's infused with a natural and powerful crystal combination. It's lab-tested and clinically proven to promote proper cell function, increase oxygen consumption, and improve circulation to help your body recover while you sleep. All of these layers are covered with Molecule's ANTIMICROBIAL ADVANCED COOLING COVER. This state-of-the-art cover is designed to maximize airflow to ensure your body stays cool whenever you lie down to sleep. It's also infused with a Microban® treatment to help prevent the growth of odor and stain-causing bacteria, mold, and mildew for a cleaner sleep and more restful nights. Plus, you can rest easy knowing that the foam used in Molecule 2 mattresses are manufactured in the USA to the strictest environmental standards. And not only that, it uses a technology called Variable Pressure Foaming that reduces emissions by 97-percent compared to standard manufacturing. So while you're getting the best sleep of your life, you're also investing in the health of our environment. But if that's not enough to convince you, consider this: Michael Phelps, the most decorated Olympian in history, swears by Molecule to get the best sleep of his life. But you'll only know what that's like if you try the Molecule 2, which you can do for 100-nights completely risk-free, and return it for a full refund if you’re not satisfied. So why wait? Order today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Jeff Bezos' space company, Blue Origin, is reportedly falling out of favor with one of its largest customers. The United Launch Alliance (ULA) is planning to use two of Blue Origin's BE-4 rocket engines to build its Vulcan rocket, a two-stage, heavy-lift launch vehicle that's currently under development. It's an agreement that dates back almost seven years. But the engine is now years behind schedule, as Ars Technica's Eric Berger reports, to the dismay of ULA's leadership. "There is great concern about this engine development," an industry insider told Berger. "It's much more than [ULA CEO] Tory Bruno is showing publicly. There is great concern that Blue is not putting enough attention and priority on the engine." Bruno is still publicly optimistic, claiming back in December that Vulcan still has a chance to launch some time this year — but a 2022 launch is far more likely, Berger argues. A hot fire test of the rocket, including flight engines, was scheduled for this summer but has yet to take place. The CEO, however, has been unusually patient with Blue Origin and hasn't publicly griped about the delays. "It does no good to throw Blue Origin under the bus," an unnamed source told Berger. ULA's current tried-and-true Atlas V rocket uses Russian rocket engines — and as US-Russia relations have soured over the years, the rocket became increasingly unpopular among lawmakers. So the SpaceX competitor had to go out looking for an alternative. In 2014, ULA chose Blue Origin's BE-4 over rocket developer Aerojet Rocketdyne's AR1. Aerojet may not be entirely out of the race, Berger reports. In fact, ULA co-owner Lockheed is looking to acquire the rocket maker. But reversing its decision to go with the BE-4 could prove extremely difficult. Even the AR-1 won't be fired up until late last year, according to CNBC. The two engines also use different sources of fuel, requiring extensive modifications. So for now, ULA is stuck while its waiting for Blue Origin to finalize its BE-4 engine. Even Bezos's flight to the edge of space later this month won't be much of a distraction. READ MORE: Increasingly, the ULA-Blue Origin marriage is an unhappy one [Ars Technica] More on ULA: Elon Musk Offers to Bring a “Few Spare Engines” to Rocket Competitor Share This Article 
Books have proven resilient in the face of technological change. There's so much demand for reading material we're creating robot authors. And yet this also means it's a struggle to read them all. The 12min Micro Book Library helps you sort out what's worth digging deeper into, and right now, you can get $30 in credit in our store when you sign up. 12min collected 4.5 out of 5 stars on Google Play and 4.7 out of 5 stars on the iOS App Store, because it makes keeping up with books easy. Hundreds of thousands of books are published every year, and just keeping up with the publishing schedule is a full time job. 12min plucks just the books you need from the flood and distills them into a format that makes it easy to keep up. When you choose a book from the 12min library, you can choose a detailed executive summary that puts together the crucial points you need to understand the book. Or, if you're commuting, working out, or doing chores, you can listen to a narrative instead. You won't need an internet connection, as you can download both text and audio, and you can forward text to your Kindle. All of these are carefully written and produced to give you what you need from a book in just twelve minutes. 12min has a regularly expanding library, with 1,800 books across 24 categories, from classics like How to Win Friends and Influence People to personal development works like The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck. And the library grows by 30 titles every month, so you'll always have something to read. Usually, a lifetime premium subscription to 12min would cost $399.99, but right now, you can save 90% and get access to the whole library for $39. In addition, when you sign up, you'll get $30 in credit at our store. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Later this month, Blue Origin CEO and Amazon founder Jeff Bezos will be getting on board his space company's New Shepard rocket to travel to an altitude of 62 miles (100 km). That altitude, also known as the Kármán line, is the internationally recognized edge of space. And Blue Origin is arming itself with that fact to lash out at its competitor Virgin Galactic. In an infographic posted to Twitter, the company compared its own services with those offered by the Richard Branson-owned space tourism company. In other words, the mudslinging has officially begun. Branson recently announced he would be traveling to space over a week before Bezos's own journey — a direct dig at the Amazon founder. "Jeff is seriously pissed off," Ars Technica's senior space editor Eric Berger commented on Blue Origin's infographic. As the infographic makes clear, Blue Origin doesn't think Branson is actually traveling to space. And he may have a point: Virgin Galactic's high altitude space plane VMS Eve isn't actually planning on reaching the Kármán line during Branson's flight, and will only reach an apex of 55 miles. As such, Virgin Galactic is leaning on a technicality. US astronauts, have to travel above an altitude of 50 miles to get their astronaut wings. "We are going above the astronaut line; we’ve done this in the past," Virgin Galactic CEO Michael Colglazier told CNBC last week. "We’ve actually flown — the only commercial company that’s flown — private astronauts, or private citizens, up above the astronaut line and come down with astronaut wings." Blue Origin is sticking to its guns. "We wish [Branson] a great and safe flight, but they’re not flying above the Kármán line and it’s a very different experience," Blue Origin CEO Bob Smith told CNBC in the same piece. While Blue Origin and Virgin Galactic are throwing potshots at each other, one central question remains: will either company really allow its passengers to travel in space? While the Kármán line may be internationally recognized as the boundary of space, it's a far cry from where astronauts on board the International Space Station orbit the Earth. In other words, while Bezos will go higher than Branson, both will fall far short of reaching orbit. That stands in stark contrast to SpaceX, which now routinely shuttles astronauts to the International Space Station and is even taking its first crew of all-civilian passengers on a trip around the Earth on board its Crew Dragon spacecraft in mid-September. The flight, sponsored by billionaire Jared Isaacman, will take three mere mortals with him to an altitude of 335 miles, roughly 80 miles beyond the orbit of the ISS later this year. The crew will spend two to four days in low Earth orbit, but won't dock with the ISS. Bezos, for comparison, will only spend around three minutes teetering on the edge of space. And Branson will only have four minutes to experience microgravity — well within the Earth's atmosphere. More on the spat: Mischievous Richard Branson Slams Accelerator, Will Go to Space Before Jeff Bezos Share This Article 
If you've ever used a plug-in to browse a database, you've probably used SQL. Short for Structured Query Language, SQL has changed how we access data, sped up how quickly we can make use of it, and laid the groundwork for managing vast data sets and drawing patterns from their depths. If you work with databases in any way, a knowledge of SQL will be increasingly important, and The Complete 2021 SQL Master Class Bundle can show you the ins and outs of how it works. Valued at $1,393, it's on sale now for just $19.99. The courses are taught by the team at Skill Success. Founded by Michael Shen in 2012, Skill Success was designed to meet the need for professional education among IT and computer science professionals while creating more access for people outside those industries to launch their careers. They've earned an average instructor rating of 4/5 stars, and have built and designed master courses like this one for all skill ranges — from those totally new to SQL, to those who want to brush up on the state of the art. Spread across seven courses and nearly 24 hours of instruction, the class begins with a course for beginners to learn about query languages, databases, and database objects. That's followed up with an hour-long course focused specifically on the basics of writing queries, with an in-depth 90-minute follow-up discussing more complex queries, before moving into the basics of setting up servers and databases using SQL. Building on that knowledge, you'll learn about data analysis and SQL, MySQL database development, and LocalSQLite Databases and Node, touching on NodeJS and similar tools. As we generate more data, and as more and more useful information is drawn from that data, knowing how to manage databases and productively use them will be a skill we all need. Normally this master class is $1393, but right now you can get The Complete 2021 SQL Master Class Bundle for $19.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
US carmaker Dodge has teased an all-electric muscle car that's set to be released some time in 2024. The company's upcoming EV will "tear up the streets, not the planet," Dodge CEO Tim Kuniskis said during an announcement today. He also promised that Dodge "will not sell electric cars," but will make "American eMuscle" a thing instead — a perplexing approach to warming the public up to the idea of buying an electric performance vehicle. In a flashy end to today's presentation, a gravitas-laden voiceover seemed to embody the event's contradictions. "Why on God's green Earth would Dodge ever build an electric car?" it asked. "Anybody? Any thoughts out there?" The answer appeared, written in large bold text: "Performance made us do it." Which raises the question: why undercut the promise of ruining the planet just a little bit less by going electric? Are Dodge's testosterone-fueled and adrenaline-chasing customers really that averse to embracing a greener future? "While that may sound like a nuance, it's not, not to our customers anyways," Kuniskis added, "because our customers purchase an experience, not a technology." It's a strange moment in time for the US car market. While many companies have announced sweeping changes to their offerings, Ford chief among them, many customers appear to be threatened by the prospect of the death of the gas-guzzling automobile, as evidenced in diesel truck drivers "rolling coal" in the streets or "ICE-ing" Tesla charging stations. Kuniskis argued that the company is attempting to corner the millennial market, who are far more likely to embrace an electric future. So why go electric at all? According to Kuniskis, Dodge engineers "are reaching the limit of what we can squeeze from internal combustion innovation. We know that electric motors can give us more," a rather convenient way of saying that the future of the industry is starting to heavily lean electric. He therefore argued that the brand has its hands tied and is forced to follow its "obligation to embrace" an electric future, an arguably backwards marketing approach to justify its decision to build an EV. So what about the EV? We only saw a brief glimpse of what is still to come, but it certainly bears an uncanny resemblance with Dodge's existing muscle cars. The carmaker seems borderline embarrassed by today's announcement. Rather than fully embracing an awesome future full of electric performance cars and even entire racing leagues, the company came out with a confusing mess of marketing speak and meaningless messaging. Dodge may not be arguing that electric sports cars aren't awesome in their own right — but it sure as hell doesn't seem all that excited by the prospect. READ MORE: Dodge will debut an all-electric muscle car in 2024 [Engadget] Share This Article 
While the future of dentistry features teeth that heal themselves and robot dentists, right now brushing and flossing regularly is the best way to keep your teeth clean. Yet when you're sick, or if you're dealing with a dental infection, keeping your toothbrush clean can be a challenge. The Germ Shield UV Toothbrush Sanitizer will help keep your brush, and your mouth, clean. It's currently nearly half-off, on sale for just $41.95. Why would a toothbrush have germs in the first place? The short answer is that really a toothbrush is designed to remove certain microorganisms from the ecosystem that is your mouth. The plaque you scrub off your teeth is really a biofilm created by various organisms that were introduced by food, liquids or breathing. There are plenty of beneficial microbes in your mouth helping you out. Oral health problems begin when that balance is put out of whack, or when a malicious bug gets into the mix, which is where the Germ Shield comes in. The sanitizer works by using UV-C light. While the sunlight we're exposed to features UV-A and UV-B wavelengths, UV-C is the most energetic. That energy degrades proteins in viruses and microbes, rendering them unable to reproduce and thus unable to infest your toothbrush. Paired with your usual cleanliness routine, it effectively puts an end to 99.99% of microbiota. Winner of the 2020 Global Innovation Awards for Product Design Excellence, the Germ Shield works with all types of toothbrushes, including electric ones. Just place it in the dock once you're done brushing and it'll get to work cleaning up your brush. It's also designed to be portable, so you can bring it with you on trips or as part of your daily routine. Keeping your mouth's ecosystem healthy involves care, and the Germ Shield UV Toothbrush Sanitizer can help. Typically it would cost $79, yet right now you can save 46% and keep your mouth cleaner for $41.95. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Vaccines work. It's that simple. And as the COVID-19 pandemic eases and we return to public life, there are going to be situations where you need to have your vaccine records handy, whether to solve an external issue or just for your own peace of mind. The ImmunaBand makes those records available safely and securely, while also making them easy to bring up, and it's on sale for just $17.95. Featured on CNN, Yahoo! Finance, Fox 29, Denver7, KXAN, and The Washington Post —The ImmunaBand works with a QR code on its faceplate. All you need to access a copy of your COVID-19 vaccination records is any phone or device capable of reading the code with an app such as Google Lens or iOS's standard camera. Scan the code and it'll direct you to a secure website. Then enter your PIN and your card will be available. All records are stored in a HIPAA-compliant database, and you only provide your card once you place your order through a secure website. It's ideal for situations where you need a digital copy of your records, or if you simply want to keep your card on file at home instead of floating at the bottom of your bag or crammed into a random space in your wallet. It's also designed to make a statement. The faceplate and fittings are cast from tough, corrosion-proof stainless steel that can withstand sweat, spills, and anything else the world throws at it, while the QR code is carefully designed not to fade, peel, or wear away. The one-size-fits-all band is made of silicone in a gentle blue that catches the eye and makes a statement that's easy to clean. As the world opens back up, it's going to be a different place. It's important to be ready with what you need to travel, eat, and enjoy the planet. The Immunaband makes it happen for $17.95. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Researchers dumped 60 brown trout in a water tank that contained low levels of methamphetamine to see if they would get addicted, like humans. After eight weeks, the fish started preferring waters with concentrations of the illicit drug over waters without it, suggesting they were starting to get hooked. While it sounds a little crass, the levels of meth used in the experiment actually mimicked those found in some freshwater rivers, a result of the drug ending up in sewage and eventually bodies of freshwater — a stark reminder, as CNN reports, of the negative effects drug use can have not just on human health but on the local environment as well. The team, led by led by Pavel Horky, a behavioral ecologist from the Czech University of Life Sciences in Prague, found that the 60 trout exposed to meth were less active than a control group of 60 other trout. According to the team's study, published Tuesday in the Journal of Experimental Biology, the meth-exposed trout were subsequently placed in a tank with two streams of water: one with and one without methamphetamine in it. The ones previously exposed to meth preferred the meth-spiked water in 50.5 percent of the observations. The control group preferred the meth-laced waters only 41.5 percent of the time. The drug also caused other physical side effects. After just ten days, traces of the drug showed up in the exposed group's brains. "Fish are sensitive to adverse effects of many neurologically active drugs from alcohol to cocaine and can develop drug addiction related to the dopamine reward pathway in a similar manner as humans," Horky told CNN. "Such effects could change the functioning of whole ecosystems as adverse consequences are of relevance at the individual as well as population levels," he added. In fact, according to Horky, the desire to get another hit might even supersede the natural inclination to mate with other fish. But the results of the experiment should be taken with a grain of salt. "I'm not sure you can truly say these fish are addicted to methamphetamine, but they certainly show a preference for the compound… which they shouldn't, really," Gabriel Bossé, a postdoctoral research fellow at the University of Utah who was not involved in the study, told Live Science. Bossé also argued that because the preference died down after a few days, the fish may not have actually been addicted. If they were, he said, the preference would have stuck around longer, and possibly experienced withdrawal. READ MORE: Methamphetamine in waterways may be turning trout into addicts [CNN] More on drugs in the water supply: Scientists Propose Adding Psychoactive Drug to our Water Supplies Share This Article 
The icy crust enveloping Saturn's moon Enceladus has long fascinated astronomers. Evidence collected by NASA and the European Space Agency's Cassini-Huygens spacecraft suggests the shell could be hiding a massive subsurface ocean made up of briny water underneath it — which, tantalizingly, could potentially harbor life. According to a new study by a team from the University of Arizona and Paris Sciences & Lettres University, published in the journal Nature Astronomy last month, Cassini's observations that found Enceladus is expelling plumes of methane gas suggest that the moon's subsurface oceans may be habitable to Earth-like microorganisms. "We wanted to know: Could Earthlike microbes that 'eat' the dihydrogen and produce methane explain the surprisingly large amount of methane detected by Cassini?" asked Regis Ferriere, an associate professor at the University of Arizona and a lead author of the study, in a statement. But figuring out the answer for sure is far from easy. "Searching for such microbes, known as methanogens, at Enceladus' seafloor would require extremely challenging deep-dive missions that are not in sight for several decades," he added. The team constructed mathematical models to see if methanogenesis could account for the data collected by Cassini. Their conclusion: microbial hydrothermal vent activity — or processes that would involve extraterrestrial microorganisms — could explain the methane detected by Cassini. On Earth, hydrothermal activity is caused by cold seawater dipping into the ocean floor, where it gets warmed up by local sources of heat like magma. This water then gets expelled out of vents in the ocean floor, a process that drips methane into the water over time. Most of this methane is released by microorganisms that use the heat as a source of energy, turning carbon dioxide into methane. According to their computer simulations, the researchers found that similar conditions could exist on Enceladus. "In summary, not only could we evaluate whether Cassini's observations are compatible with an environment habitable for life, but we could also make quantitative predictions about observations to be expected, should methanogenesis actually occur at Enceladus' seafloor," Ferriere said in the statement. In fact, without the existence of biological sources of methane production, the levels of methane observed by Cassini couldn't be matched using their models. Still, it would be premature to draw any definite conclusions. "Obviously, we are not concluding that life exists in Enceladus' ocean," Ferriere added. "Rather, we wanted to understand how likely it would be that Enceladus' hydrothermal vents could be habitable to Earthlike microorganisms. Very likely, the Cassini data tell us, according to our models." We simply don't have enough data to go off of just yet. "In other words, we can't discard the 'life hypothesis' as highly improbable," Ferriere said. "To reject the life hypothesis, we need more data from future missions." The researchers also didn't rule out other possible abiotic processes that could explain the methane data. For instance, the chemical breakdown of primordial organic matter in the moon's core could be causing significant amounts of methane to be ejected. It's exciting new research that goes to show how little we know about Saturn's icy moons, despite Cassini's extensive legacy. Perhaps one day, another mission will even get a first hand look. READ MORE: Methane in the plumes of Saturn's moon Enceladus: Possible signs of life? [University of Arizona] More on Enceladus: Scientists Loaded Tiny Organisms Into a Gun and Shot Them At Targets Share This Article 
To many, the long-awaited UFO report released by the Pentagon late last month came as a disappointment. Months of waiting earned us a nine page report that more or less confirmed what we already suspected: the US government has no idea what a series of strange "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena" (UAPs) could possibly be. Reports of strange sightings made by US military pilots emerged after The New York Times published a series of mysterious videos in 2017, captured by military personnel and showing unidentified objects that seemed to defy the laws of physics. The June report, though, did little to clarify what the videos showed. "The limited amount of high-quality reporting on unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) hampers our ability to draw firm conclusions about the nature or intent of UAP," it read. But to Christopher Mellon, former deputy assistant secretary of defense for intelligence during the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations, the report is far more insightful than it may appear on the surface — and a reminder that we may be looking at a massive failure in national security. "In my view, the UAP report’s findings strengthen the case for the alien hypothesis by undermining the main alternatives and providing examples of capabilities we cannot emulate or even understand — precisely what one would expect if any of these reports involve genuine alien technology," Mellon wrote in a blog post on his personal website. That flies in the face of how the media reacted to the outcome. Major outlets generally tended to interpret the news as more evidence that aliens have not, in fact, come to visit us. "Media discussions of the videos then often degenerate into vague references to human and mechanical fallibility on the one hand, and equally vague, usually second-hand anecdotes of incredible UFO sightings on the other," Mellon argued. "Such exchanges are neither interesting nor illuminating." The former official repeated his warning that the sightings should "first and foremost" be "a matter of national security," a position he has maintained during several high profile interviews in recent months, including ones with CNN and CNBC. "Aliens or not, we urgently need to know is who is operating these mysterious and highly advanced vehicles in restricted airspace above American test ranges, carrier strike groups, military bases, and nuclear weapons facilities," he added. In fact, Mellon argues, there are a lot of reports of events that occurred between World War 2 and 2004 that didn't make it into the UFO report. "Polling data suggests there are roughly ten UAP sightings for each sighting reported," his post reads. "There was no proof presented of alien involvement, even at the classified level, but the dilemma remains unsolved and the primary alternatives to the alien hypothesis are clearly diminished by the report," Mellon concluded. "When will the press and our government begin taking the alien hypothesis seriously?" In other words, we can't afford to leave any stones unturned in our quest to find answers. More on the report: The Long-Awaited UFO Report Was Honestly Kind of Disappointing Share This Article 
Adult video content is probably more popular now than at any other point in history. But if you’ve grown tired of the infinite stream, it’s probably because you’re unaware of the next stage of adult content online: virtual reality sex. And the new frontier of VR sex is now affordable and easy to explore thanks to the Titan VR Experience by KIIROO. The Titan VR Experience is KIIROO’s all-in-one bundle that gives you all you need to enjoy interactive virtual reality sex and video content online. First and foremost, it includes the Titan, KIIROO’s first and best interactive vibrating stroker. The Titan will give anyone who enjoys intense vibrations unparalleled sensation and excellent sensitivity by way of touch-sensitive control pads and nine vibrating bullet-shaped motors inside its real-feel sleeve. But the Titan’s true killer app comes in its connectivity -- you can use it to enjoy programmed vibrations synchronized with thousands of videos already online, both of the virtual reality and traditional 2-D varieties. And if you have a partner with their own Titan, you can sync them together and almost feel like you’re as close as you can be even if they’re thousands of miles away. The second most important piece of the Titan VR Experience is the virtual reality headset which turns pretty much any standard size smartphone into a window into thousands of hours of virtual reality adult content online. When used in conjunction with the Titan stroker, you’ll feel like you’re in the middle of the action onscreen in a way that will make the old ways of enjoying adult videos seem like something out of some ancient historical period -- which, in a way, it is. If you have any interest at all in virtual reality sex, the Titan VR Experience is the best way to get started, since it includes the Titan interactive vibrating stroker, the virtual reality headset, bottle of KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant, and a bottle of KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner, all for just $199. It's shipped freely (and discreetly, of course, if you’re worried about your neighbors coming over to try your new stuff) to your door. You wouldn’t have any reason to know it without the proper equipment, but there are actually thousands of adult videos out there with synchronized vibrations programmed in, some in 3D and some in 2D. And they’re all yours to explore with the Titan VR Experience, with more being produced and released all the time. It’s basically a whole other dimension of adult content online, and the Titan VR Experience is your portal to get in. If you’re ready to take that plunge, just head over to the KIIROO online store and order the Titan VR Experience now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A retired gas-fired power plant was converted into a Bitcoin mining facility in the Finger Lakes region of New York state — and NBC reports that neighbors say it's pumping serious amounts of heat into the lake's waters. "The lake is so warm you feel like you're in a hot tub," Abi Buddington, who lives close to the plant, told the outlet. The plant is taking in and pumping out over 100 million gallons of water every day, some of which can reach 108 degrees Fahrenheit. For a year and a half, Greenidge Generation LLC, owned by private equity firm Atlas Holdings, has been using the gas-fired plant to mine bitcoins, an energy-intensive process. Not only is it endangering local ecosystems, critics say, but it's also pumping a ton of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere as well. It's a vivid illustration of the environmental toll cryptocurrency mining can have. In fact, experts believe global bitcoin mining uses more energy per year than an entire developed country. Private equity firms like Atlas Holdings often only hunt short term opportunities, meaning that many fossil fuel-powered plants stay in business instead of being scrapped. "Private equity thinks it can squeeze a couple more years out of them," Tyson Slocum, director of the energy program at Public Citizen, told NBC. "And they are often immune from investor pressures." Greenidge CEO Jeff Kirt maintains that its natural gas-powered plant's "environmental impact of the plant has never been better than it is right now," he told the broadcaster. The company recently doubled its assets from $3 billion to $6 billion thanks to its power generator acquisitions. But local residents aren't happy with the greenhouse gas-emitting operation. They see it as a threat to the local environment and a needless source of harmful emissions. They also worry about New York reaching greenhouse gas reduction goals — which is especially worrying considering emissions from the plant are only expected to rise exponentially in the future, according to NBC. The plant reportedly put out more than 240,000 tons in carbon dioxide emissions in 2020 alone. Warmer water means more toxic algae blooms and put a lot of stress on local fish populations, but Greenidge maintains limits are in place to protect local wildlife. It's a troubling reminder of cryptocurrency mining's environmental toll. Despite the plummeting value of Bitcoin, many other operations like Greenidge are bound to emerge. READ MORE:  Some locals say a bitcoin mining operation is ruining one of the Finger Lakes. Here's how. [NBC] More on Bitcoin mining: After Ban, Chinese Bitcoin Miners Are Flooding the Market With GPUs Share This Article 
More people than ever are suffering from things like anxiety, depression, and insomnia. Researchers started seeing the trend among millennials in the mid 2010s, citing things like student loan debt, the economy, and social media as possible causes. And things have only gotten worse during the pandemic. The good news is that, over the last decade, there has been a huge shift in the way people perceive and talk about mental health, and more people than ever are willing to seek out help. The bad news is that a lot of people don’t end up actually getting help because it is too expensive, or because psychiatrists and therapists in their area are all booked up, or because dealing with the red tape of the traditional health care system is too complicated and stressful. However, things are starting to change. Today, innovative online counseling platforms like Cerebral are revolutionizing the mental healthcare industry by making it dramatically easier for people to get the quality care they deserve. Cerebral is a comprehensive online mental health service specifically designed to remove the barriers associated with traditional mental healthcare. Unlike some online services that just provide counselling, Cerebral takes a full-service approach to mental healthcare, supporting you through every step in the process. What does that mean, exactly? It means that, in addition to online counselling, Cerebral also provides access to fully licensed healthcare providers who can actually prescribe and help you manage your medications. Then, if needed, Cerebral can even ship prescriptions right to your door. And everything is included with the price of your subscription to the service. If that sounds pretty good to you, keep reading. Getting started with Cerebral online counseling is easy. All you have to do is complete their free emotional assessment form. This helps their experts get an idea of the symptoms you are experiencing. Then you choose from one of three different subscription plans and get started. Cerebral’s Medication + Basic Care Plan is for people who know they need medication, but only require occasional counselling. With this plan, after you complete your assessment you’ll have a video or phone visit with your prescribing provider, who will help you determine your course of treatment and provide monthly follow-up appointments. You will also be able to schedule monthly appointments with your Care Counsellor, who will discuss your progress, offer support, and teach you valuable skills. And all appointments can be easily managed on Cerebral’s smartphone app. Cerebral’s Medication + Therapy Plan is for people who need a little more support along their wellness journey. This plan gives you everything you get in the Medication + Basic Care plan, but instead of monthly sessions with a Care Counsellor you’ll get weekly online meetings with a licensed therapist. You will be matched with a list of therapists based on your assessment, and you can choose which one you think is right for you. You can also switch therapists at any time if you feel you need a change. Last there is Cerebral’s Therapy Plan for those who don’t need medication to manage their issues. With this plan you will meet weekly with your therapist, but you will not meet with a prescribing provider. Cerebral’s comprehensive mental healthcare model is designed for long term care for people 18 or older who are experiencing symptoms of anxiety, depression, or insomnia and believe they may benefit from treatment. Cerebral providers may also be able to treat bipolar disorder, depending on severity and the types of medications required. However, Cerebral is not suitable for people suffering from mental health issues such as schizophrenia, suicidal ideation, and substance abuse issues. If you or someone you know is struggling with any of these issues, you don’t have to just sit there and hope it goes away on its own. Thanks to Cerebral’s innovative model for online counseling, getting help is easier than ever. So click here and start down the road to recovery right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Last month, a mysterious man shocked New Yorkers and the world as he soared over Times Square on what appeared to be a giant drone — something approaching a real-life hoverboard, and which drew immediate comparison to the fictional Spider-Man villain, the Green Goblin. The man was Hunter Kowald, and he says the drone-like vehicle is his own design and creation that he calls the SkySurfer. Kowald's online presence portrays him as a bit of a daredevil, using his creation to pull off stunts designed to go viral, like a rooftop McDonald's delivery. But in an interview, his bona fide engineering chops shine through, as does the level of care he put into building a vehicle that can be safe, fun, and perhaps even save lives. We tracked Kowald down and asked him what it's like to design, build, and soar through the sky on a hoverboard. Here's our conversation, edited for length and clarity. Futurism: I assume you have a prior engineering background to be able to do this. Can you talk a little bit about that and how it actually turned into this SkySurfer project? Hunter Kowald: I studied mechanical engineering and engineering sciences along with math, and then after I got my degree, I did a little bit of business. So I've kind of been all over the place. After that, I went straight into the workforce and always had an interest in startups. I'm very entrepreneurial. And this is a project that I've been working on for a long time now, for sure. I guess I've always had an interest in the art of flight. It's been probably about two years that I've been working on it. Definitely been toying with the idea before that, but I was just doing all the math and kind of like making sure it works on paper before, you know, pushing it forward. Obviously it's really expensive and it's a safety thing too so I wanted to make sure I dotted all the "i"'s. That's been the past two years. The past eight months, I've been full-time on it. So pretty much nonstop, just trying to get to the point where I was able to, you know, start flying. What I like to say is it's the most powerful, smallest ultralight aircraft that you can stand on and fly around with. Definitely one of the safest too because, again, there's a lot of thought and engineering put into it. So I can have, for example, two motor sails to land safely. The signals are redundant. That's something that I learned throughout the process of designing this thing. For example, when you take it outside, that little tiny bit of condensation that is building up on the electronics fried it at one point. That was a failure that I had that was like, well, I need to make sure I take every step possible that I know that could fail and make sure that it's covered. If something goes out, something catches fire, it'll switch over to the other without any latency issues. It consumes a ton of power to be able to fly in such a small form factor. And that's the biggest obstacle that everybody else has faced who's tried to do it. It's either going to catch on fire or you have to design custom components to be able to crank that much voltage and current into it to be able to get this power. If a motor fails, the tips in the propellers will spin faster than the speed of sound to be able to compensate for that. One of the first videos I posted just went completely viral. And then it was like, okay, well, I need to make sure I'm taking advantage of all this hype that's going on around it. I like to think that it's a little bit of a cheat code to the internet. And it's also helped fund the business too. A lot of brands have reached out to be able to incorporate this thing into movies, films. Netflix reached out, things like that, in order to try to incorporate this into their world too. There are a lot of different industries that can take and use this. My goal is to get these in the hands of everybody so they can be used on a daily basis. It's definitely a fun thing to have. A lot of people want to purchase them just for that purpose. Just to have it, you know, and take it out every once in a while and cruise around. It's pretty interesting whenever you have that control and be able to fly around. I'd love to see it in transportation and then also emergency situations like fire rescue and stuff like that. I just feel there's so much opportunity because it's very quick to jump on and then you've got a lot of power and control to be able to go to where you need to go. That seems like a short time to build something like this. At what point did you actually feel comfortable strapping in and testing it out? What did you need to see to actually trust it to transport you? HK: Yes, a lot of people don't realize the amount of time that I've actually put into this. So even though I say, for example, "eight months at it full-time," it's been 15, 16-hour days, sometimes. Especially the past two months, it's just been around the clock. It's not something that I take breaks away from because I'm trying to take advantage of the opportunity that's here. As for when it comes to flying itself, I took it really slow. But for some reason, I never doubted it. I think it's because it worked on paper. You know, I did all the CAD, engineering, I did all the finite element analysis, flow analysis on the computer to make sure it all works. And then at that point, it was like, "Okay, as long as I design according to this and I just take all the safety steps so that way, whenever I do take off, I do feel comfortable that I'm covered. I should be good to go." For example, when it comes to heat management, one of the bottlenecks that I was thinking about was the solder, which is the metallic compound that holds the wires together. And it was like, "Okay, well, I need to make sure that that's going to be able to withstand all the heat that I need, or withstand the heat that we built from this current running through it to power this thing." And so I even had to go down the periodic table and try and figure out which elements can stand the most heat. And of course, there are some things you can buy off the shelf. But it was one of the things where I need something extremely light and something that can withstand the heat. After considering all those little things, I just felt comfortable with standing on it. Of course it felt a little iffy and strange at first, especially because whatever you're within maybe three feet from the ground you actually have the ground force that's pushing back at you. Some of the first helicopters that ever flew, they could only fly near the ground because they used that ground force to push back. And that just causes a really crazy and unstable flight. So it was probably a month of me going out, flying it, coming back down and just repeating back and forth until finally at some point I was able to take off a little bit and I started bouncing. And then once I finally reached about three or four feet off the ground, that's when I noticed, "Wow, this is perfectly stable; it's not shaking anymore." It just went from something that felt a little iffy to all of a sudden it was just like you're standing on the ground on a piece of wood. So it's extremely stable and over time I've developed full control of it to where I've flown inside multiple houses, very tight spaces. Once we designed this carbon-fiber structure, then I tested it at like 1.5-times safety factor, which is typical for an aircraft. And that just means that, you know, it's calculated to be able to lift 500 pounds so let's test it and load it with 750 pounds. I'm just trying to make sure I take every step possible to be really careful with it, both for my sake and also as a product too, delivering out to other people, making sure that it's safe and they feel comfortable with it. Right. Making sure someone who hasn't run all the numbers has that same comfort. HK: Exactly. I don't think I would jump on this thing if I didn't design and build it and put every single wire together by hand because any little tiny cut in a wire could short the frame. Carbon fiber, at least the stuff that we've designed, conducts electricity. And so I've had wires short out on the frames before from applying too much pressure. It's like, well, that can happen anywhere, especially since I came from the manufacturing world I can understand where failures can happen. As you repeat processes over and over again, it's very easy for things like that to go wrong. You mentioned that once you get a couple feet off the ground, it feels a lot more stable. I can assume most people don't know what the sensation of flying is like. Can you talk about what it actually physically feels like to be flying around? Is it like surfing? HK: I've always been into snowboarding. So that, I think, has helped me develop a little bit of a balance where I think it's probably easier for me to learn than it would be for somebody else. But, yeah, when it comes to the actual flying sensation itself, I like to think that it's pretty much like snowboarding or surfing. It honestly does feel like you're standing on the ground once you get up there and you're comfortable with it. The only thing that took me a while to understand was managing the wind that was flying around me. For example, if you're driving down the road and you stick your hand out of the car window, that wind is going to shift it around. It's the same thing for me. I'm in a 500-pound wind tunnel as this air is flowing around me in every direction possible. So I stick my hand out, that's going to definitely shift it and cause me to twist around. And so it's a balance of having a little bit of balance from my previous experience snowboarding and also in my controller — a lot of people don't realize that I've actually put accelerometers into there. So that way, if I were to twist the controller in one direction, it's tuned to be able to shift the aircraft a little bit in that way. But most of it is very slight and I've definitely turned it off over time because I've noticed in the testing phases, which was one of the scarier parts — understanding stabilization and how much it actually matters, whether you're top-heavy and you're standing on something like that — you really don't want to have the thing fighting back at you and trying to take control. So that's when, you know, the whole idea of "Let's control it with a controller in my right hand as it twists and turns and see if that is a little bit easier" comes into play. Now I can hold perfectly still and not have any issues at all. My thing now is trying to get as much speed as I possibly can. But it's just a matter of feeling comfortable with it, you know. Forgetting the physical nature of it, this is human flight. What emotions are coming to you? What's going through your head? HK: It's a bizarre feeling for sure, especially after having worked on it for so long. Part of my motivation was I didn't want to work like a typical desk job. I've always wanted to start my own business to be an entrepreneur. I did a desk job for like four years. And it was just very, very boring to me. I didn't enjoy it. And, you know, I always looked forward to the day that I could make this product work. I'd go out for lunch, I'd be running down the road and think it would be really cool if I could fly down instead. Now that it's getting to the point where I do have that full control and I can easily spin around and turn around and do stuff like that, that's when it really starts to feel like, "Wow." Having the ability to control your altitude is a feeling on its own. That's probably the biggest part. To get tangible again, you were talking about accelerometers in the controller versus in the actual SkySurfer itself. How much of steering is Segway-like versus manually from the controller? What are the actual steps that you need to learn? HK: You don't want it to control itself as much as you'd think because there are so many outside varying factors that change everything. So, for example, if my upper body has shifted 10 degrees to the left, that's going to substantially change how the thing is flying. In reality, the aircraft needs to be tuned and calibrated. And then once it's tuned and calibrated in a proper setting with no wind conditions, maybe a proper wind tunnel of sorts, that's when you can say, "Okay, now you can start to crank up that stabilization a little bit." But the problem is you don't want to be shifted sideways all of the sudden. I constantly have to keep telling myself the same things like, "Okay, well, wait a second, why am I shifting left?" I have to check my left hand. I've got to check my upper body, make sure I'm not turned to the right too much. You really don't want it fighting too much outside of that. It was definitely a long process to tune it to be able to control it in just the right manner. I want to jump into some of the applications you mentioned. I assumed this was something for hobbyists. But you were talking about Netflix and emergency response. I'm curious where else this is going, in your view. HK: Yeah, when it comes to stuff like movies and media, this is completely unexpected. It's just kind of happened as the world has found out about this thing. You know, there's a lot of cases where CGI doesn't necessarily do enough justice to be able to get really good shots that people need, so I've been reached out to by these people to be able to both mount cameras to it and then also be incorporated into movies. Apparently, there are these scripts that are already well-written and being developed right now on the concept of flying around on hoverboards. Personally, I'm always thinking "How can we impact society in a little bit of a better way," so an example I like to give is with lifeguarding. It takes forever to get out of the water, especially on the beach. And if you have one of these things sitting there, charged up and ready to go, you could jump on it and be out there in seconds. With all the custom components that I designed, it was a matter of "How can we lift as much weight as possible and have all this power?" And so I think I over-engineered it where now I can lift an insane amount of weight. Of course, obviously, that kills how much flight time you have. But in a situation where you need to go lift somebody or something, you can do that for a short period. So I'd like to see it used in something like that. I think there's a lot of use for fire and rescue, fire safety, things like that. As more people get their hands on it, we want to make sure that they don't hurt themselves and that they understand the risks. You can't just give one of these out to someone. For example, the jet packs that you see, they do sell them but they can't just hand them out because obviously if it's in the wrong hands, somebody's going to fly into a wall. Can you just help me picture how a beach rescue or disaster response would work? I mean, you have these propellers spinning at Mach-whatever speeds, right? It seems difficult for an operator to grab someone. HK: Yeah. I've kind of played around with the concept a little bit where you have a chain or something hanging from the bottom of the landing configuration. You've got to have something sticking down there, so it's a matter of hooking something up to that. So I've hooked it up to where I've been able to deploy things and drop stuff off of it. A good idea might be an inner tube if you are out at the beach or something like that. And then other than that, I've actually hung chains from it to be able to grab items and lift them up. Are you at the point where you can manufacture these or are you still figuring that out? How far along is the progress bar? HK: Yeah, they're building right now, but it's a matter of how we can get more efficient with it. Coming from manufacturing myself, I kind of understand how it's not really too sustainable to do one-offs and just keep giving them out that way. What we need to do is build them side by side in parallel and manufacture to where we can do a large drop all at the same time. It's probably about six months or something to be able to do a drop of a bunch of these and just give them out to a lot of people. It's definitely been a battle trying to make sure I find the right resources to be able to do it. And of course, it's all got to be cost-effective, because I'm not some massive corporation with a bunch of VC funding. I'd love to talk about some of the videos too. I'm so curious about what sort of steps you need to take before filming one of those. For instance, I assume McDonald's knew you were going to be on the roof, right? Are there permits involved? How much pre-planning happens? HK: There's a lot involved. I think I'll probably start explaining more of that process as it gets further in. I've always been told that these videos are about, you know, the surprise value of it. For example, when these Hollywood movies are created, they're not showing all the background work. I think I'm definitely going to be showing that a little bit more in the future. But yeah, there's definitely a lot of pre-planning because, you know, the safety side of it. You don't want people trying these things. There's a lot of regulation in place to where you can do these things. I mean, if somebody were to build one of these and take it out and fly on the road, it's like, "No, you can't do that." I'll make sure I set a good example and, you know, push forward in the right way. There are steps that need to be taken. There are permits, you've got to check airspace, you've got to be in contact with traffic control towers if you're inside certain spaces. You've got to check with the city. And also, I always like to have personnel there for the safety side of it. Some shoots will have medics, we'll have worker's compensation if anyone does get hurt. It'll go as far as that just to make sure that everybody is covered. And personnel to block off areas because everything has to be a closed course, too. That's pretty much it. Do you deal with the FAA? You're kind of creating a new category of transport and bringing it into the public. I mean, is this classified as aircraft? Is it similar to drone regulations? HK: Yeah, definitely. I'm in contact with everybody, and it's considered an ultra-light aircraft, so there are regulations based around that. But it is very new and I think it's exciting to be a leader in pushing it forward. I look forward to hopefully helping to narrow down some of these regulations change them and morph them into something that makes a little more sense based off of this technology. Because it's so new, some of these regulations are based on, like, you know, paramotorists, those guys who fly around in parachutes with motors on their backs. They're required to be able to land in emergency situations. And now it's like, okay, we need to prove those concepts in mine to be able to help change some of the regulations or at least, you know, find a way for this to be able to be used in certain situations. Pushing this forward in the right way is definitely the top priority, of course. I'm in this for the long run, obviously, and I want to make sure all the checks and balances are there. Is there anything else you want to add? HK: It's worth noting that the whole intention for the YouTube videos is to document the process. I look forward to talking about it a little bit more and kind of explaining things as it gets further, because a lot of people ask the same questions. And obviously, those are things that are of interest to the public. And I'd like to think that I'll be putting the journey on there and they can follow along as they like to and have some fun with it, you know, the good and the bad. But I guess pretty much covers it. As this whole thing's progressed, it's funny how all the different misinformation has popped up here and there so I'm hoping it gets more and more clarified and nailed down. But it's just one of those things because it happened so fast. There's no control. That's digital media, right? Headline: "Actual Green Goblin Appears in Times Square." HK: Yeah, yeah. People are trying to put a little bit more of a dramatic effect too, which I really don't necessarily like too much. But I like to think that I'm more of a superhero than a villain. More on Hunter Kowald: Video Shows Man Flying Through Times Square on Giant Drone Share This Article 
If you think about skincare, what might come to the front of your mind might be lavish ads of beautiful celebrities targeting their skincare products at women. But women aren't the only people who need to look after their skin: men and women both go through many of the same factors that contribute to aging, skin damage, and wrinkles. It just seems like the market is much more opaque to men interested in looking after their skin. And for something so day-to-day, it really should not be difficult to figure out a skincare routine that works for you. Luckily, there are experts who can advise you on what you, specifically, need for your skin type and skincare goals. Geologie is a skincare brand specifically developed for men that you can work into your daily routine simply and quickly. After you brush your teeth, you apply your skincare products, and then get on with your day. It's simple, especially when Geologie's skincare experts are on-hand to formulate a specialized skin care routine created to serve your needs. With the 30-second questionnaire on the brand's website, you can determine your skin type and let the team know your goals – every person's skin is different. The questionnaire uses 13 steps to identify what your skin specifically needs, and the results recommend products for general skin care as well as those that can target specific problems such as acne, dark circles, developing wrinkles, sensitive skin, or blemishes. The idea is for Geologie to recommend a routine that is comprehensive but simple, and most suggested regimens take only 60 seconds to complete. The easiest way to take care of your skin is to figure out what works and keep doing it. It can take time to see results, but with repeated use over time, you will definitely see your skin improve, and stay protected from harsh elements like sunlight, pollution, and even diet (to some extent!). The experts at Geologie will recommend a suite of products, starting with a 30-day trial of four central products: Vital Morning Face Cream, Repairing Night Cream, Everyday Face Wash, and Nourishing Eye Cream. And right now, you can get started from as low as $20: when you subscribe you can save 40 percent off your first purchase. The essentials set comes in at $20 ($30 retail), and the complete set is $30 ($50 retail). So it's a low investment in your skin health to get started with the trial. If a subscription isn't for you, or you prefer to mix and match your skincare products, Geologie also offers their products à la carte. Start taking proper care of your skin and keep looking healthy, youthful, and fresh. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The oil company behind the whole catching-the-ocean-on-fire incident has — unsurprisingly — a long history of terrible and deadly accidents.  Petróleos Mexicanos, more commonly known as Pemex, has a record of major accidents at its facilities and oil wells dating back to 1979. That was the year the company’s exploratory oil well Ixtoc I in the Gulf of Mexico experienced a blowout — resulting in one of the worst oil spills in history, according to the BBC.  In 1992, the company was found to be at fault for a series of ten explosions that occurred in Guadalajara, Mexico caused by gasoline in the city’s sewers. The explosions claimed the lives of about 252 people, though some claim that the death count was actually as high as 1,000, according to a study conducted by ARIA, a French agency charged with investigating industrial accidents.  The explosions resulted in four Pemex officials being charged for negligence, though they were eventually cleared of their charges, much to the chagrin of the survivors of the explosion.  Pemex experienced a roughly 20 year period of relatively few major incidents until 2012, when an explosion occurred at one of the company's gas plants in Reynosa, Mexico. That incident claimed the lives of 30 people and injured 46. It also kicked off nearly a decade of deadly accidents and deaths linked to negligence.  For example, there was the 2013 explosion at the company’s offices in Mexico City, as reported The San Francisco Chronicle. At least 37 people were killed with 126 injured due to the incident, the cause of which has never been confirmed. In 2016 alone, there were two separate incidents of explosions and fires at the company’s plants and oil tankers that resulted in the deaths of 28 people. Just a few years later in 2019, an explosion occurred at a Pemex pipeline in Hidalgo after several hundred people attempted to get fuel via an illegal pipe drain, according to Global News.  In response, Mexican officials released an astonishingly callous statement saying that the explosion was an example for fuel thieves across the country, despite the fact that nearly 80 died in the blast.   That brings us to 2021, when a Pemex natural gas pipeline burst in the Gulf of Mexico resulting in the ocean catching fire and looking like the Eye of Sauron emerging from the waters.  The ocean is on fire in the Gulf of Mexico after a pipeline ruptured. Good system.   pic.twitter.com/5HK6VVfxOP — Eoin Higgins (@EoinHiggins_) July 2, 2021  The raging inferno was extinguished after a five hour battle, according to Reuters. Meanwhile, calls for stricter regulation and outright abolishment of oil drilling have emerged in response to the incident. "Shocking new example of how dirty and dangerous offshore drilling is," said the Center for Biological Diversity in a tweet. "We must stop offering new oil leases in the Gulf and begin to #EndOffshoreDrilling with a just transition to cleaner energy and jobs." Shocking new example of how dirty and dangerous offshore drilling is. We must stop offering new oil leases in the Gulf and begin to #EndOffshoreDrilling with a just transition to cleaner energy and jobs. https://t.co/1K4Zdqeu4d — Ctr4BioDiv Ocean (@EndangeredOcean) July 2, 2021  While Pemex has announced it would investigate the incident, its long and sordid track record of deadly explosions and fires doesn’t really boost confidence that things will change in the future.  More on oil accidents: Underwater Pipeline Leaks, Gulf of Mexico Ocean Catches on Fire Share This Article 
One of the surest signs of getting older is dealing with thinning hair, a common occurrence for both men and women. In fact, 42-percent of men between the ages of 18 and 49 experience moderate to extensive hair loss. Not only that, studies indicate by the time men reach the age of 50 they'll lose around 85-percent of their hair. And if you think women have it any easier, think again. It turns out, around 40-percent of women will begin to experience the effects of thinning hair by the time they turn 50. Although hair loss is one of the natural side effects of getting older, you don't have to suffer in silence. There are a variety of ways to combat thinning hair that can be administered in the privacy of your own home. Our favorite is the Kiierr Laser Cap System For Hair Growth, which is proven to show dramatic results in hair regeneration. The Kiierr Laser Cap will help you grow thicker, healthier hair effortlessly while you watch TV, take a walk, or read a book. It's the world’s easiest way to regrow hair. How it works is simple. The cap itself is a small helmet that fits neatly and discreetly into any standard baseball cap. Once wearing it, you turn it on and let it run for 30 minutes every other day. It's just that simple. The laser cap comes in two options, the Kiierr 148 Pro, which has 148 laser diodes, and the Kiierr 272 Premier, which uses has 272 laser diodes. Both of these models release light on a wavelength of 650 nanometers, which is clinically proven to stimulate the growth of healthier, thicker hair follicles. However, the more laser diodes built into Kiierr's caps, the more hair growth is stimulated. That's because with more diodes used, the light that stimulates hair growth intensifies, resulting in more hair growth in less time. The Kiierr 272 has a success rate of about 93 percent when it comes to stimulating hair regrowth and thickening hair. However, successful hair regrowth does not occur overnight and users must exercise patience to experience maximum results. The average user will begin to see noticeable hair regrowth after about three-to-four months of use, with the best results occurring between seven-to-eight months. The Kiierr Laser Cap Treatment For Thinning Hair uses a technology called low laser light therapy, better known as LLLT. It was first discovered in the 1960s by Endre Mester, a Hungarian physician. Since that time it's been used in a variety of clinical settings to stimulate hair growth. Kiierr also uses this technology to accomplish hair regrowth and thickening. And it all starts with the lasers attached to the Kiierr Laser Cap. They emit LLLT to the skin’s tissue on the scalp. As a result, blood flow is stimulated,  inflammation reduces, and essential oxygen and nutrients are transported to hair follicles. This results in cell regeneration in the problematic (aka thinning) areas of the scalp. Next, as the light energy penetrates the skin, the weakened cells on the scalp absorb the light. This rejuvenates the scalp and allows for new hair to grow. Finally, when hair follicle cells are regenerated, the hair is “brought back to life” from the dormant (telogen) stage of the hair growth cycle into the healthy growth (anagen) phase. That said, the Kiierr Laser Cap does not work for all types of baldness. Because of this, Kiierr offers a seven-month money-back guarantee. So if you use the cap every other day for 30 minutes and do not see results within 210 days, just return it for a full refund. So what are you waiting for? Get thicker, healthier hair in less than a year, by simply putting on a baseball cap and living your life. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you're itching to keep your skills up to date this summer, you can save up to 99% on our e-learning deals. Each bundle is just $20 for a limited time, so stock up for summer and learn a new skill. This bundle offers a full 40 hours of graphic design training across seven courses. You'll learn Photoshop manipulation, branding and design, logo design and theory, and you'll save 99% off for a limited time. Get The School of Graphic Design Mastery Bundle for only $20 for a limited time. Deep learning and natural language processing (NLP) is laid out across 36 hours of courses available in this bundle. It looks at how to use the Keras framework, how recommendation engines work, computer vision applications, and much more. Get The Ultimate Deep Learning & NLP Certification Bundle for only $20 for a limited time. Whether you're launching a startup, need to market something you've developed, or you're looking to improve your brand, this full stack covers the entire spectrum of digital marketing. Learn how to draw meaningful data from Google Analytics, market across social media platforms, develop a powerful video marketing operation, and more in the nearly 300 lessons. Get The Ultimate Deep Learning & NLP Certification Bundle for only $20 for a limited time. If you've ever wondered how professional DJs unpick music and bend songs to their beat, this 56-hour bundle shows how it happens, step by step. It offers a full view of the music production process, from the recording through to the mastering and taking the song on the floor. Get The Premium DJing & Music Production Bootcamp ft. Ableton + Logic Pro X for only $20 for a limited time. Software engineers are in high demand, and software engineering is becoming essential to roles well outside the IT world. In this bundle aimed at beginners with no previous knowledge, you'll delve into the basics of programming, web design, and other tasks a new software engineer has to tackle. Get The Complete Introduction to Software Engineering Bundle for only $20 for a limited time. "White hat" or ethical hacking is the closest you can come to being a real-life secret agent, hunting down dangerous gaps in security with just your wits and knowledge of computer systems. During the nearly 100 hours of training, this ethical hacking training bundle will show you how to use hacking to make lives better. For a limited time, get The Ultimate 2021 White Hacker Certification Bundle for only $20. Want to be Instagram famous, or make your business more visible ? With nearly 20,000 positive reviews from students, this marketing and influencer bundle digs deep into how influencers and Instagram marketers grow their audiences and build their brands. Get The 2021 Ultimate Instagram Influencer & Marketing Bundle for only $20 for a limited time. Whether you're looking for a weekend side hustle or just want to wow friends at your next party, these courses will teach you the ins and outs of professional bartending. Each course looks at a different type of liquor and how to turn it into amazing cocktails, every time. For a limited time, The Mixologist & Budding Bartender Bundle is on sale for just $20. Real estate may be the only thing they're not making more of, but there's no shortage of ways to invest your money in it. In these five courses taught by financial experts, you'll go through the entire investment process, from initial research to wholesale deals, and learn how to invest smartly in the market. For a limited time, The Fundamentals of Real Estate Investment Bundle is on sale for only $20. Even if you never get up in front of a crowd, knowledge of public speaking can make you more confident in meetings, on phone calls, and in conversation. By taking over a half-dozen courses from beloved public speakers, you'll learn how to tell stories, present at work, and communicate confidently. For a limited time, The Mastering Presentation & Public Speaking Certification Bundle is on sale for $20. Technology is changing finance in exciting ways, that can be difficult to grasp. These eight one-hour courses will quickly get you up to speed on Bitcoin, blockchain, AI in finance, and Stablecoin — all taught by financial advisors working in the markets. For a limited time, The Ultimate FinTech & Blockchain Bootcamp Bundle is on sale for only $20. If you're looking to be an active investor, understanding how financial analysts read the market is key. This financial analysis bundle, taught by working investors, breaks out five different methods in hour-long courses that give you a solid grounding to build your nest egg. For a limited time, The Ultimate Candlestick Trading & Analysis Masterclass Bundle is on sale for $20. Google Analytics is the gold standard for understanding the value of your traffic and drawing useful patterns from the noise of the web. Google-certified experts spend a dozen hours in this bundle showing you how to master the ebbs and flows of web data. The Google Analytics Master Class is on sale for $20 for a limited time. Securing CompTIA certifications is key to launching your IT career and climbing the ladder. This set of certification training courses from longtime IT professionals and trainers will show you what you need to secure eight different certificates to get your career started. For a limited time, The Ultimate Cybersecurity & IT Career Certification Pathway Training Bundle is on sale for only $20. Unity is a free game design engine behind games that range from hot indies to your favorite AAA games. Over 17 courses, game developers and graphic designers will show you how to build games from scratch. For a limited time, The 2021 Premium Unity Game Developer Certification Bundle is on sale for only $20 for a limited time. Whether you want to learn how to build amazing websites or corral datasets, there's something across this bundle's 119 hours for you, Taught by working coders using code-along projects with practical use, you'll master data science, web design, and much more while building your coding skills. For a limited time, The Master Learn to Code 2021 Certification Bundle is on sale for only $20. Remember the bad old days of gray windows and impenetrable interfaces? UX and UI designers show you how to build an interface users actually enjoy for your code in this eight-course bundle. The Complete Become a UI/UX Designer Bundle is on sale for only $20 for a limited time. We often forget that electricity is the foundation of all computing. In this 32-hour course bundle, electrical engineers and networking experts lay out how server farms, substations and much more get power from the grid. The Fundamentals of Power & Electrical Engineering Bundle is on sale for only $20 for a limited time. Python is powerful, flexible, and one of the most popular coding languages online. Using code-along projects and common-sense concepts, professional coders will show you how to use it for almost anything. For a limited time, The Learn Python & Django Developer Bundle is on sale for only $20. Cryptocurrency is everywhere, but can feel impenetrable. In this set of instructional courses, cryptocurrency and blockchain experts walk you through the basic concepts, including uses of blockchain and crypto concepts away from cryptocurrency. For a limited time, The Cryptocurrency with Ethereum & Solidity Blockchain Developer Bundle is on sale for only $20. Google Workspace is a productivity tool you can tap into anywhere there's a Wi-Fi signal. This set of eleven instructional courses will show you just how to get the most out of it. For a limited time, The 2021 Ultimate Google Workspace Certification Bundle is on sale for only $20. The best way to learn art is to make it. In this curated list of classes, working artists and art teachers skip the trappings of art school and show you how to create and render your own characters. The 2021 Complete Character Art Academy Drawing Bundle is on sale for only $20 for a limited time. English can be a tough language to learn, even if it's your first tongue. Grammarians and English teachers will show you the rules of grammar, help you perfect your pronunciation and writing, and feel more confident when using English. The 2021 Complete English Grammar & Vocabulary Bundle is on sale for only $20 for a limited time. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A probe sent by the United Arab Emirates to study the Martian atmosphere has caught an exceedingly elusive event on camera, Space.com reports: a nightside aurora on Mars. Before the Hope orbiter's formal science mission even began, one of its scientific instruments caught the aurora, which is a notoriously fleeting phenomenon that has proved to be very difficult to study. Images released on Wednesday show the auroras standing out in the shape of bright structures set against the dark Martian night sky. It's a lovely chance encounter — the discovery wasn't even part of the core science observations planned for the mission — that could set up the Emirates Mars Mission for many more exciting discoveries to come later this year. "They're not easy to catch, and so that's why seeing them basically right away with [Emirates Mars Mission] was kind of exciting and unexpected," Justin Deighan, a planetary scientist at the University of Colorado and deputy science lead of the mission, told Space.com. "It's definitely something that was on our radar, so to speak, but just looking at our first set of nighttime data and saying, 'Hey, wait a second — is that? — it can't be — it is!' — that was a lot of fun," Deighan added. On Earth, auroras are linked to the planet's magnetic field. When charged particles get blasted into the atmosphere, it alters their trajectories, causing existing particles in the atmosphere to ionize and emit light of varying colors as they interact with each other. On Mars, however, these auroras aren't restricted to the north and south poles, appearing across the rest of the planet as well. The Red Planet's magnetic atmosphere isn't aligned like one giant bar magnet, like Earth's. Instead, as Deighan explained to The New York Times, it's as if "you took a bag of magnets and dumped them into the crust of the planet." "And they’re all pointed different ways," he added. "And they have different strengths." These scattered magnetic fields cause solar wind particles to shoot off in different directions, interacting with atoms and molecules in the planet's upper atmosphere, which triggers the glow. The probe's Ultraviolet Spectrometer was originally meant to study the massive halo of hydrogen and oxygen that surrounds the Red Planet, which eventually dissipates into open space. "We did anticipate that the instrument would have the potential to do this," Hessa Al Matroushi, the mission's science lead, told Space.com. "It wasn't designed to do it. But because we do have a mission that is targeting global coverage and we're looking at Mars from different sides and very frequently within the atmosphere, that enabled us to have such a measurement of discrete auroras, which is very exciting." The team is hoping the discovery could allow "new doors of study to be opened when it comes to the Martian atmosphere and how it interacts with the solar activity," Matroushi told the Times. READ MORE: UAE's Hope Mars orbiter spots elusive aurora on Red Planet [Space.com] More on the mission: First Arab Nation to Orbit Mars Snaps Instagram-Worthy Planet Pic Share This Article 
American sprinter Sha’Carri Richardson was set to break records at the Tokyo Olympics this month, but a positive marijuana test could force her to miss the event entirely. Richardson won the women's 100-meter race at the US track and field Olympic trials in Oregon in June, putting her at the forefront of US hopefuls. At a blistering 10.86 seconds, that made her a favorite to go for gold in Tokyo, according to The New York Times — that is, if she makes the national team after the test results. Let's be clear: detecting THC in her system is a preposterous reason to force her to sit out the biggest athletic event in the world, and sheds light on the archaic rules determining who can and cannot participate in the Olympics. The US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) announced the result on Friday morning, revealing Richardson had accepted a one month suspension, starting June 28. That means she may still have a shot of running in the 4x100 meter relay late this month, according to the Times. The runner told NBC in an interview on Friday that she used marijuana as a coping mechanism after her biological mother passed away while she was attending the trials in Oregon. "I greatly apologize if I let you guys down, and I did," she said during the interview. "I am human," she wrote in a Thursday tweet. "I just say, don’t judge me and I am human — I’m you, I just happen to run a little faster," she later explained during the NBC interview, referring to her tweet. "They don’t necessarily understand, and I wouldn’t even call them haters." The decision to punish her for consuming a substance that has increasingly been accepted, decriminalized, and legalized around the world sent shockwaves around social media. "Sha’Carri Richardson should not have to present her trauma to us to seek our forgiveness for anything," grassroots organizer and artist Bree Newsome tweeted. "She doesn’t have to be traumatized to justify consuming cannabis. This entire society is lost." "The notion that weed is a problematic 'drug' is rooted in racism," Seth Rogen, Hollywood actor and founder of cannabis company Houseplant, wrote in a tweet. "It’s insane that Team USA would disqualify one of this country’s most talented athletes over thinking that’s rooted in hatred." An official statement posted by USA Track and Field, the country's governing body, on Twitter didn't make mention of the possibility of a reversal. "Sha'Carri Richardson's situation is incredibly unfortunate and devastating for everyone involved," the statement reads, promising to ensure the runner "has ample resources to overcome any mental health challenges now and in the future." Marijuana remains listed as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency. "While we are heartbroken, the USOPC is steadfast in its commitment to clean competition and it supports the anti-doping code," a statement by the organization reads, as quoted by the Times. The USADA maintains marijuana can enhance performance and poses a health risk to athletes. The evidence for that, however, is dubious at best. READ MORE: Sha’Carri Richardson, a Track Sensation, Tests Positive for Marijuana [The New York Times] More on athletics: Professional Gamer Retires After Career-Ending Injury to Thumb Share This Article 
Just weeks after Tesla officially started deliveries of its new sporty sedan, one of the first Tesla Model S Plaid vehicles on the road has gone up in flames — and in a lawsuit, the driver says that the vehicle's high tech door handles briefly trapped him inside thanks, The Washington Post reports. The local fire department told the Post that it had to battle the flames for two hours. A Gladwyne Fire Department news release detailing the crash was put up, but promptly taken down by Thursday, as the Post notes. It may well be yet another instance of a Tesla owner finding themselves trapped after an accident, highlighting possible safety shortcomings of the car company's offerings. But crucial details surrounding the crash remain murky — including the name of the driver — which casts a shadow on what really happened. It's not the first time the safety of Tesla's Model S door handles has been called into question. In 2019, the family of a driver who died in a crash involving a Tesla Model S sued Tesla, blaming the vehicle's retractable door handles for the driver's death. The driver was reportedly trapped inside the burning vehicle, with first responders unable to get inside. This week's crash involved an electronic malfunction with the interior door handles, according to the suit. "He’s in the car, he smells and sees the smoke, turns around and sees the smoke is filling up the cabin, then flames, and reacts almost immediately," Mark Geragos, one of the driver's lawyers, told the Post. "The door malfunctions, he gets out and somehow the car is still running [down the road] according to witnesses as he’s trying to get away from the car." "And within moments of him getting out of the car, the car is engulfed in flames," Geragos added. Another of the driver's attorneys, Jason Setchen, told the newspaper that "he tried to get out of the vehicle; he was pushing the door frantically and it would not engage. He was able to push the button again and lean against the door very hard and that’s when it opened up." The exact cause of the fire remains unclear. Another strange claim that's been circulating, that the vehicle was still moving while in flames, is also rather odd, as Jalopnik points out, as it's difficult to recreate the scenario. A driver would probably have had to intentionally fooled the Autopilot into thinking somebody was in the driver's seat. Local fire department chief Charles McGarvey wasn't able to confirm to Jalopnik whether the vehicle was indeed moving on its own while on fire. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is now looking for more information on the incident. "If data or investigations show a defect or an inherent risk to safety exists, NHTSA will take action as appropriate to protect the public," a spokeswoman told the Post. READ MORE: Tesla Model S Plaid erupts in flames and briefly traps owner after electronic doors fail, attorneys say [The Washington Post] More on Tesla crashes: Fire Chief: Reports of Fiery Tesla Crash Grossly Exaggerated Share This Article 
Lightyear One, a car whose ability to use solar power has been thought of as an impossible feat, just won a Climate Change Innovator Award. Designed by the Dutch startup Lightyear, the "car that charges itself" can supposedly drive for months without charging and has a 400 – 800 km range. But is a solar-powered car feasible? For years, the concept of "solar-powered cars" has loomed over the electric car industry as a hopeful, possible future. But there are many who argue that this concept is not only impractical, it is basically impossible. For instance, a solar roof that was designed to power the Toyota Prius was found to only be useful in combination with a traditional battery charging system and it only added an additional 4 miles to the range — not that impressive. One engineer even calculated the power capacity of a car with a solar roof under the optimal amount of solar radiation, and the results are underwhelming. Engineers measure the rate at which an engine's work is done in "horsepower" (hp): the car equipped with a solar roof had a horsepower rate of 6.4. For comparison, engineer Tom Lombardo said, "my riding lawnmower has an 18 hp engine." The first 10 Lightyear One cars are due to be released in 2019. Up until now fully solar-powered cars were not considered a realistic prospect, Solar Assisted Electric Vehicles (SAEVs) were considered the best possible option for solar cars, adding up to hundreds of miles to a car's range.   are set on releasing a vehicle that uses only solar power. But the Dutch Lightyear promises to topple the canon with a car that is not only fully powered by the sun, but also overcomes some of the conventional challenges associated with the technology, such as intermittency and low performance. The five entrepreneurs have been prototyping and working out the kinks of their concept for years but, as long as the project remains an early-stage design, it is difficult to imagine that anyone would be capable of bridging the gap between SAEVs and fully-solar vehicles with record-breaking range. But small encouraging signs are emerging all over the world. For example, in 2017, the Byron Bay Railroad Company created the first fully solar-powered train. And, while the vehicle has a very limited range, it shows that solar-powered vehicles are within the realm of possibility. Share This Article 
As a parent, noone has to tell you how important STEM subjects are for your children's early development. That's because studies show an early education in STEM subjects help children develop the kinds of skills necessary to succeed in the jobs that are leading the future.  Research also indicates early childhood is the critical window for development — not only for cognition, but also for behavioral traits such as sociability, motivation, and esteem. From birth to age 6, children's constructive, creative, and motor abilities progress at an astounding rate. Exposure to high-quality learning experiences is particularly essential because they compound as children grow, giving them a competitive edge later in life. If want to nurture your child's love of STEM subjects while also teaching them the basics of coding, you need to know about Learn With Mochi Robotics Kit: Basic 1 Book Adventure Pack. It's the fun, interactive way to teach kids coding without the use of computers or tablets. Learn With Mochi Robotics Kit: Basic 1 Book Adventure Pack is the Award-Winning Coding Rover for small children age 3 to 9. With it, kids easily and comprehensively come to understand the basics of computer programming with a playful, hands-on approach as they explore STEM subjects through fun storybooks. That's because Mochi is designed to harnesses children's innate love for stories to introduce abstract programming concepts in a fun, low-barrier way. This way children never feel overwhelmed by the subject matter and are simply excited to play with their toys. And since Mochi doesn't include any screens, your children can engage in healthy and safe play experiences without additional screentime. This way their eyes are protected while engaging their imagination, creativity, and love for STEM subjects. The magic of the Learn With Mochi Robotics Kit: Basic 1 Book Adventure Pack all starts with Mochi, the plush bear that will help make these concepts a tangible reality for your child. Additionally, in this kit, you'll receive the Planets book and corresponding Story Map to take Mochi on one of his many adventures. Also included are the parts that make up the Lego-compatible Mochi Rover. Your children will not only be able to concept these rovers but build and then move them around using one of the most important parts of this program, Mochi's Screenless Computer. It takes commands, executes functions, and gives audio feedback. This is all made possible with Mochi's Coding Blocks that specify what steps Mochi should execute and in what order, as well as an SD card that provides unique songs, music, and even reads the Mochi books. Everything your child needs to start their STEM education with the basics of screenless computer programming is included in this kit. So what are you waiting for? Buy it now to ensure that your child's future is as bright as the pages in the Learn With Mochi storytelling books. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Summer means a need for new gadgets, especially when the outdoors beckons campers, fishing enthusiasts, and everyday folks hanging out in parks. For a limited time, check out these summer deals, on great gadgets and products for staying entertained outside, and comfortable inside. Rated 4.5/5 stars by verified users, the Sitpack folds the size of a soda can and weighs just 1.3 pounds, making it easy to take with you to concerts, on hikes, and anywhere else you might need a seat. Normally $65, right now it's $34.95, 46% off the MSRP. Treblab's closed-ear headphones combine premium speakers, the latest active noise-canceling technology, and ergonomic design to create headphones you can wear all day. For a limited time, you can save 69% off the $259 MSRP, and get them for $78.99. The Toybox is an endless toy chest that makes it easy for kids to find toys to print out, or design on their own to bring their imaginations to life. Normally it would cost $469, yet right now you can save 23% and get the deluxe bundle for $359.99. Powered by Android and with four times the lumens of other pocket projectors, the Prima puts a big-screen TV in your pocket perfect for camping and coming over. For a limited time, you can save big off the MSRP of $799, and stream anywhere for $299. When you clip the Foci to your waist, it tracks your breathing patterns to determine when you're distracted, and uses an easy-to-grasp colored orb system to prompt you to focus. Usually listed at $129, you can find focus for just $89 for a limited time, 31% off. The Tap Strap gives you gesture command of any device, to type, point, and otherwise control iPads and other devices without clunky accessories or add-ons. Now available for $100 (reg. $149), it'll help you slim down your work bag to use your tablet anywhere. Combining Qi wireless charging, five USB ports, and a 4,000 mAh battery, the Ultimate Power Station ensures you'll never go dead on the road. This power bank does it all for $49.99, a 16% savings off of the MSRP ($59) for a limited time. This 950 mAh battery and charger fits on zipper pulls, keychains, wallet rings, and more, and the magnetic ring ensures any iWatch stays charged. Keep your watch going for $19.99, 59% off. Track health statistics, check your alerts, and control calls and music with a waterproof watch you can wear anywhere. Put the ChronoWatch on your wrist for $32.97 for a limited time. The Shyn uses the power of ultrasound to brush teeth faster and more thoroughly, with special heads and an angled neck to scrub every part of your mouth. You can get a brighter, healthier smile for $59.95, 64% off. The Cashew uses your fingerprint and Bluetooth access to ensure that only you can open your wallet, and it'll also ping your phone to keep it from getting lost. You can save 30% and upgrade your pockets for $109. Whether you need to save space or keep your body active at your desk, the FlexCycle fits neatly under any desk with 8 tension settings to ensure you get a good workout. Get fit while answering emails for $149.99, and save 20%. The Raycon E50 use a secure fit, passive noise cancellation, and a case that charges them up to five times to ensure you've always got something to listen to. Save 45% for a limited time and go wireless for $64.99. The VVFLY uses bone conduction and sound recognition to prevent snoring, while a comfortable fit helps you sleep. Start sleeping better for $58.95, 40% off. With 20,000 mAh of power, ports for USB-C, Lighting, and micro-USB, and a slim and tough aluminum design that fits anywhere, the Ultimate Charger lives up to its name. You can see for yourself and save 33% when you power up for $120. Just set a pressure, hook up the Tech-Inflate, and you can fill tires, sports gear, air beds and more with the press of a button. Pump it up for $49.99, 50% off MSRP. Get internet anywhere you need it with this 4G LTE hotspot that never needs a SIM card or charges you a roaming fee, and has flexible pay-as-you-go options so you're always connected. Connect up to ten devices at a time for $149.99, 11% off. The Copernicus puts 4K footage in the palm of your hand, and uses advanced air pressure and gravity sensors to give you a smooth, even shoot with one-touch take-off and landing and 120° wide angle viewing. Take to the skies for $70, 20% off MSRP. The NEXX combines cervical traction, heat therapy and pulse massage to loosen muscles, ease stiffness, and reduce pain. Save your neck for $199.99, 42% off. Rated 4.5/5 stars on Amazon, these magnetic lights fit on any set of handlebars to serve as side lights or as front and back alert lights, and their magnetic connection means they're easy to remove and charge. Ride safer on the road for $54.99, a savings of 32%. Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In a planet-scale mood swing, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk berated United Launch Alliance CEO Tony Bruno on Twitter this morning — not even a full 24 hours after jovially offering to bring "a few spare engines" to help the competitor out with the development of its Vulcan heavy launch rocket. When asked if the ULA's Vulcan can compete with the reusability of SpaceX's heavy lift rockets, Bruno argued that it already has been competing successfully for a while now. "Won over 30 missions... No, many," Bruno said. That claim didn't sit well with Musk. "ULA would be dead as a doornail without the two launch provider [Department of Defense] requirement," a fuming Musk shot back. "If this is not true, then you won’t have a problem removing [the requirement]." The awarding of expensive space launch contracts to private space companies — by both NASA and the Department of Defense — has been mired in controversy recently. It's a high stakes game that has resulted in drama and intensifying lobbying efforts to gain popularity in Congress. In August 2020, the US Air Force announced that it had chosen both ULA and SpaceX as part of a $3.5 billion National Security Space Launch Phase 2 contract. SpaceX offered up its existing Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy platforms, while ULA put forward its Vulcan Centaur, a heavy lift launch vehicle that started development in 2014 and is scheduled to fly for the first time some time next year. That's a lot of cash. To put that amount into perspective, SpaceX was awarded a $2.99 billion fixed price contract to develop a lunar lander for NASA — which was later suspended due to protests filed by competitors Blue Origin and Dynetics. It's worth noting, too, that the Pentagon's budget still dwarfs that of NASA. The space agency's entire budget for 2020 was just $22.6 billion. The Air Force's request for the same year? Approximately $165.6 billion. According to Musk, without the two requirement that two companies be picked, ULA would have had serious trouble staying competitive. "Your parent company, Lockheed, darkened the skies with lobbyists to ensure F-35 was single source," Musk continued. "Seems a little inconsistent..." In other words, Musk was saying that the contract for the pricey and much-criticized F-35 fighter jet only involved a single party, unlike the National Security Space Launch contract. Bruno defended himself and his company's actions. "Competition is healthy for the industry and customers," he argued in a reply. "Our Nation is better off for having the broader industrial base we now enjoy as a result." The ULA CEO also attempted to tame tempers. "I congratulate you on your considerable accomplishments," he added. "We are also proud of ours." To Musk, the Air Force's two company requirement is just par for the course and symptomatic of a much bigger problem. And unlike Bruno, he didn't seem interested in reconciliation. "Now, this sort of nonsense happens all the time with government contracts and everyone knows it,"he wrote in a follow-up tweet. "However, in this case, it is money diverted from making life multiplanetary, which is the goal of SpaceX, vs the ULA goal of maximizing dividends to Lockheed & Boeing," Musk added. "Not ok." The SpaceX CEO is famous for pushing the envelope to allow humanity to establish footholds in other parts of the solar system. But his accusations do ring a little hollow. While SpaceX hasn't directly contributed to the development of ludicrously expensive fighter jets — estimates peg total costs involved in developing the F-35 at roughly $1 trillion over several decades — the company has repeatedly aided the military in delivering satellites into orbit. And after all, launching classified payloads on behalf of the Air Force arguably does very little in ensuring life can become multiplanetary. When confronted by a Twitter user who pointed out that "the [National Security Space Launch] contract was to launch national security payloads, not make life multi planetary," Musk whipped out another zinger: "Then why were taxpayers forced to overpay for ULA?" If Musk had his druthers, he would probably already be sitting on board a Starship spacecraft on the way to Mars. But to fund the development of the massive spacecraft, the company is aiming its sights at where the money is: the Department of Defense. There's a very good chance the country's existing big players in the space, the ULA and Lockheed included, feel threatened by the emergence of SpaceX as a serious competitor. But with lawmakers and the Pentagon holding the reins, funds are more than likely to continue to flow towards the country's military efforts. Whether that will end up impeding — or directly aiding — Musk's efforts to build a city on Mars remains to be seen. More on Musk: SpaceX Almost Ready to Move Super Heavy Booster to the Launch Pad Share This Article 
Want to know the secret to a successful, productive, and happy life? Get a good night's sleep. That may sound overly simplistic, but it’s true. Without deep restorative sleep on a regular basis, it is biologically impossible to achieve peak physical or cognitive performance. And that means it’s impossible to live your best life. Fortunately, getting good sleep is now a lot easier thanks to the team of scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective. They spent years researching sleep and cognition, and now their revolutionary sleep supplement Qualia Night, which is designed to support sleep quality, is being hailed as a major breakthrough in the science of sleep. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15-percent discount.) Why does bad sleep make us so miserable? What exactly is going on when we sleep? Common sense would suggest the brain and body are inactive while we’re asleep. But in reality they are both very busy. While we are sleeping the body repairs cells, muscles, and tissues, and synthesizes key proteins and hormones. Meanwhile the brain regroups and reorganizes neurons so they can efficiently communicate and store information, and the glymphatic system clears out waste from the central nervous system, including toxic chemicals that build up throughout the day. In order to perform all this maintenance on a nightly basis, the brain and body require a very specific set of fuels and nutrients. That’s why Neurohacker Collective created Qualia Night. Qualia Night is not a sleeping pill. It doesn't contain any pharmaceutical sedatives and it isn't designed with the goal of causing drowsiness. Rather, it's designed to support the quality of your sleep. Neurohacker Collective’s goal in formulating the Qualia Night sleep supplement was to help the body help itself. To do that, they analyzed the neurological and biological processes that take place while we sleep and developed a patent-pending blend of raw materials that: - Support the creation and use of melatonin, a hormone that regulates your circadian rhythm by signaling to your brain that it is time to sleep. - Support the creation and use of gamma aminobutyric acid, or GABA, a naturally occurring neurotransmitter that inhibits certain brain signals and decreases activity in your nervous system. - Support the creation and use of brain-derived neurotrophic factor, or BDNF, a protein that protects and supports the growth of new neurons, which is essential for memory, learning, and critical thinking. - Support the production and function of stem cells, which play a vital role in repair and regeneration. - Support stress response by providing crucial adaptogens, which are herbal substances that contribute to the stabilization of physiological processes and the promotion of homeostasis. - Help regulate the production of cortisol, which is the body’s primary stress hormone. - Feed healthy gut bacteria so they can produce key molecules required for healthy brain and immune function, a relationship known as the gut-brain axis. By providing nutritional support for these critical functions, Qualia Night helps support better and more restorative sleep, which in turn leads to more energy, improved cognition, stronger immunity, and enhanced long-term brain health. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15-percent discount.) Like all Neurohacker Collective products, Qualia Night is backed by a 100-day money back guarantee. And right now you can get 15-percent off the regular price when you use the discount code PROD15 at checkout. If you don’t wake up in the morning feeling refreshed, rejuvenated, and ready to take on the day, your body might not be getting the nourishment it needs to heal itself at night. So don’t wait another day. Click here and see what Qualia Night can do for your sleep. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While some computers are coding by themselves, the demand for computer programmers isn't going away. In fact it's growing fast, and becoming a part of everyday careers. The 2021 Ultimate Learn to Code Training Build-a-Bundle from Mammoth Interactive gets you started for free, and you can build on your knowledge from there. Mammoth Interactive has an instructor rating of 4.2/5 stars, and was founded as a game studio in 2008 by CEO John Bura, has a mission of teaching everyone to code using video games as a starting point. So, to get started, you can start with a free three-course bundle, featuring one hour courses on the basics of JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. From there, you can build the bundle to suit. At the $3 tier, you can add five courses centered around game design and graphics with Unity and Blender. You'll discover the basics of machine learning and artificial intelligence while building a first-person puzzle game, a ninja survival game, a tank game, and an action RPG. At the $8 level, you'll be focused on web development, using JavaScript and the fundamentals of machine learning in Python. This bundle includes code-along app training; an instructional web design course where you'll build twenty different websites; a complete JavaScript masterclass focused on app design; and the fundamentals of data analysis. For $10, you can delve into the world of data science and web automation. In addition to relevant courses from the previous tier on JavaScript and Python, you'll learn how Selenium Python keeps the web moving; learn the basics of R, the language that underpins data science work; deep learning with the Keras framework; and build on your app development skills with Flutter and Dart. And if you want to learn everything we've listed off, the entire bundle of 25 courses is available for $15, 84% off the MSRP. No matter what, you'll open the door to a better career and a deeper understanding of the networks that drive the world. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
This post is sponsored by Seed, which means that we may receive a commission if you use our links or code below. All opinions in this post are our own. In the last twenty years, the science behind gut health has been linked to a variety of aspects of our systemic health—including immune health, mood, mental health, endocrine health, and skin health. Many people have turned to probiotics to support their gut health (and beyond), but all too often, the probiotics available on the market offer little to no scientific substantiation. Instead, they simply prey on the naiveté of consumers looking to improve their overall health. Fortunately, there's one probiotic on the market that relies on science, not scams: Seed’s DS-01™ Daily Synbiotic. It's formulated for systemic health and engineered to survive acid, enzymes, moisture, and heat. Until recently, science considered our digestive system to be a relatively simple system consisting of a long tube where food passes through, is absorbed, and then eliminated. Modern science has demonstrated that the human microbiota is actually quite complex and consists of 38-trillion bacteria and other microorganisms that live in and on the human body. Science has also shown an important way of supporting many of our bodily systems is through intake of specific strains of bacteria, better known as probiotics. When the right strains are administered in the right quantities, they can support our overall health. Unfortunately, once studies on these beneficial bacteria were released, unscrupulous companies made their bid to co-opt the thought behind the science with products that did not deliver the results they promised. Moreover, few of these probiotic products actually test survivability throughout Gastrointestinal transit. Thankfully, there's a team of real experts behind Seed, a first-of-its-kind probiotic that's working to dispel the disinformation and myths surrounding probiotics with their flagship product DS-01™. DS-01™ is formulated through the power of science, not snake oil. DS-01™ was designed through a global collaboration between academic institutions, research partners, and their very own scientists. Together they developed a probiotic that actually works by delivering 24-clinically and scientifically studied probiotic strains that support gastrointestinal and whole-body health. More importantly, DS-01™ is among the first multi-strain probiotics to undergo end-to-end, whole-genome testing—the application of nanopore and shotgun sequencing of microbial DNA to genetically validate each species and strain. The result is a probiotic that not only supports digestive health, gut barrier integrity, and gut immune function, but also heart, skin, and cardiovascular health as well. And Seed does all this with a patent pending technology that helps their probiotics endure the digestive process so they make it to the colon, where they do most of their work. This is achieved through Seed's 2-in-1 capsule technology—the ViaCap®. Their capsule within a capsule design shields the probiotic bacteria against stomach acid and other threats while also ensuring their viability through the small intestine, so they can be delivered to the colon and carry out their important functions. Reaping the digestive benefits of DS-01™ is easy. It can be purchased through a monthly subscription kit that includes a reusable glass jar and glass travel vial in its welcome package. And Seed's packaging and materials are sustainably made to be as kind to the Earth as they are to your body. Every month your refills will be delivered in this sustainable packaging including compostable bio-based pouches and corn-based foam. So what are you waiting for? Do the right thing for your gut health and the environment by choosing the best probiotic on the market, Seed's DS-01™. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
After news emerged that John McAfee died of a suspected suicide in his jail cell in Barcelona, Spain, his official Instagram account posted a black and white image of the letter "Q." After reports of John McAfee's death, his social media team just posted a "Q" to his Instagram account. McAfee has alleged a ton of global conspiracies against him in the past, and done plenty of media stunts. It was announced today he would be extradited back to the U.S. pic.twitter.com/oUBZiFPRZa — Ben Collins (@oneunderscore__) June 23, 2021  It's unclear if the post is in reference to the bizarre conspiracy known as "Qanon" — but given McAfee's penchant for baseless conspiracy theories, it's not exactly a stretch. It's also not the first time McAfee has made references to Q, making several mentions of the conspiracy on his Twitter account over the last couple of years. The entrepreneur has a long history of making dubious claims. For instance, McAfee tweeted in June 2019 that he had "collected files on corruption in governments. I'll begin with a corrupt CIA agent and two Bahamian officials. Coming today. If I'm arrested or disappear, 31 plus terrabytes [sic] of incriminating data will be released to the press." That apparent threat makes any posthumous post by McAfee intriguing, to say the least. But unless actual "incriminating data" emerges, the much likelier explanation is that McAfee just wanted to troll the world one more time, by instructing a confidante to post the image to his account after his death. The software entrepreneur was arrested in October 2020 under charges of tax fraud. He was accused of failing to pay taxes on millions of dollars of income. In general, he wasn't a big fan of paying his taxes. In 2019, he tweeted that "taxation is illegal." McAfee has also held that the Securities and Exchange Commission was threatening is life, claiming back in 2018 that he was poisoned by his "enemies." Given McAfee's repeated eccentric claims of being the target of an expansive government conspiracy, his posthumous Instagram post shouldn't come as a surprise. The post, however, may only serve to fan the flames of a discredited conspiracy theory that has pervaded many parts of US society, even making its way into Congress. So checkmate, McAfee — it looks like you found a way to make the world a little worse even after you died. More on his death: John McAfee Found Dead in Prison Cell Share This Article 
Elon Musk’s brain-computer interface venture, Neuralink, remains highly secretive. The overarching idea, of course, is to develop an enormously ambitious commercial brain implant that will let users control computers with their minds. In Musk’s telling, this “Fitbit in your skull” will do everything from streaming music directly into your brain to healing spinal paralysis and mental illness — and even achieving a “symbiosis with artificial intelligence.” But the company has released very little tangible information about any concrete progress toward those goals. It released a white paper in 2019 — the only author listed was Musk — and has held two tech demos, though critics derided the tech as “neuroscience theater,” saying that the animal implants broke little new ground compared to existing neurological tech. And lately, there have been warning signs that not all is well with the company’s leadership. In early May, the company’s co-founder and president Max Hodak suddenly announced that he had departed the company weeks prior, meaning that Neuralink has now had no clear leader for nearly an entire quarter — and leaving Musk, whose time is split between numerous other companies including household names like SpaceX and Tesla, as its only recognizable figurehead. As the time since Hodak's departure has lengthened, the circumstances around his departure have remained as opaque as everything else about Neuralink. In fact, both Hodak and Neuralink even declined to confirm to Futurism whether he was fired or whether he quit. Regardless which really happened, it’s tempting to see Hodak’s exit as a sign that the company is already straining under the pressure of its outsize goals. Prior to his departure, one former Neuralink employee told Futurism, Hodak had clashed with Musk. And Musk had originally anticipated that Neuralink would already have been conducting human clinical trials by last year — raising the intriguing possibility that Musk ousted Hodak because Neuralink’s timetables were falling behind. If so, it wouldn’t be the first time that Musk has sparred with a co-founder. His efforts to oust a co-founder from Tesla resulted in messy litigation, and just five years after its founding, only two out of eight original co-founders of Neuralink remain. If you work at Neuralink, we’d love to hear from you about what it's like. You can email the author of this story at simon_reporting@protonmail.com. Neither Hodak, Neuralink, nor Musk commented on whether Hodak’s departure had anything to do with Musk’s aggressive timetables. But that narrative does line up with an investigation by STAT News last year in which former Neuralink employees said they felt that they were being pushed too hard to meet unrealistic deadlines. The former Neuralink employee who spoke to Futurism corroborated those concerns, saying that although the company was a dynamic place to work, blame for lagging timelines tended to land on individuals, and could result in firings. Despite the lackluster demonstrations, though, the source told us that Neuralink has made significant engineering strides and continues to attract top talent. In other words, it really does remain ambiguous whether Neuralink will succeed in its huge goals of melding humans with machines. And regardless of the circumstances of Hodak’s exit, it’s equally unclear how Neuralink intends to carry on without him. It hasn’t yet listed his job, and declined to tell Futurism whether it’s conducting a search for his replacement. Another possibility about Hodak’s departure is that there wasn’t enough space at Neuralink for two enormous personalities. Musk’s inflammatory behavior on social media speaks for itself, but Hodak was also prone to eyebrow-raising outbursts on Twitter. In one notable incident, he mused that “we could probably build Jurassic Park if we wanted to,” prompting a wave of media coverage. In another, he speculated about starting a new religion that would involve the consumption of psychoactive drugs. Bolstering that theory, it’s worth noting that neither Musk or Hodak currently follow each other on Twitter. Hodak, however, does follow the Bored Elon Musk parody account. Hodak’s sudden egress also stands in stark contrast to SpaceX’s president, Gwynne Shotwell, who has been an intrinsic part of the company since 2002. Of course, it’s Neuralink’s prerogative to keep quiet about its internal machinations. But while some of Musk’s ventures have clearly made impressive strides toward their big-picture goals — think Tesla and SpaceX — others have languished, like the Boring Company. If Neuralink’s goals are achievable, it could be poised to change the entire paradigm of how we interact with computers — though without evidence or demonstrations of neural engineering feats, we’re still skeptical. But if it can’t figure out its leadership drama, there may be no amount of engineering prowess that can get it on track. More on Neuralink: Neuralink’s Demo Didn’t Impress Experts Share This Article 
Flushable wipes might feel good, but they're terrible for the environment. Despite the name, they can overwhelm sewer systems and bind together into enormous clogs that can block the sewers for entire cities. Pristine toilet paper spray gives you all of the advantages of a flushable wipe, while keeping the lower cost, and disposability, of toilet paper. If you're a Shark Tank fan, you already know the story behind Pristine, which won a $50,000 investment offer from Lori Greiner. Right now you can get Pristine Toilet Paper Spray (1-Pack/Fragrance Free) for only $10.99, which is 21% off the list price of $13. One of the founders, Jessica Karam Oley, found that no matter what she used, her baby's skin was irritated after a diaper change. And then disaster struck; one of her other children destroyed their home's septic system with wipes going down the toilet. So she teamed up with her cousin Brandon to come up with a better way to keep clean. Pristine was the result. Pristine works on any type of toilet paper. Just spray a little on and use the paper as you normally would. The spray has a mix of natural ingredients including aloe, witch hazel, and coconut oil to soothe, moisturize, and make going to the bathroom a better experience. It's so gentle on the skin that you can spray it on directly, whether you're going yourself or changing a diaper. The spray itself comes in a cobalt blue bottle and is small enough to be discreetly tucked away in a bag, and each ounce is equivalent to a 50-pack of wipes, The packaging also TSA-compliant, so you can take Pristine anywhere you're heading. It's also been specially formulated with biodegradable and fragrance-free ingredients, all of which have been thoroughly tested for health and safety. Usually, a bottle of Pristine costs $13, but right now you can get a cleaner feeling for $10.99, 21% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Worried about aging? That’s totally understandable. Nobody wants to get old. However, that doesn’t mean you should try to fight it. A lot of people waste their money on health, wellness, and beauty products that claim to “stop” or “defy” or even “reverse” the “signs” of aging. But in reality all of those things are impossible. And even if they weren’t impossible, aging isn’t just about what you look like on the outside. It’s an incredibly complex biological process that begins at the cellular level. That’s why, instead of trying to defeat the aging process, we should try to understand it so we can age better. The good news is that there are world-renowned scientists who have dedicated their careers to understanding cellular aging. And some of the very best work with the team at Elysium Health, the company behind a revolutionary NAD+ supplement called Basis that is specifically designed to support the healthy cellular aging process. Unlike other health and wellness companies that hawk poorly researched fad products with few verifiable health benefits, Elysium Health is driven by real science. Founded by Dr. Leonard Guarente, director of the Glenn Center for Biology of Aging Research at MIT, Elysium Health has a scientific advisory board that includes eight Nobel Laureates. Their goal is to collaborate with the world’s leading scientists and physicians to turn scientific discoveries into real world solutions that improve lives in tangible ways. When it comes to the cellular aging process, scientists have made a number of major discoveries over the last 25 years. The most significant of these discoveries—one that was made thanks to the pioneering research of Elysium founder Dr. Guarente—has to do with the crucial role played by a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+. According to David Sinclair, co-director of the Paul F. Glenn Center for the Biology of Aging at Harvard Medical School, NAD+ is “one of the most important molecules for life to exist, and without it, you’re dead in 30 seconds.” So what exactly is it? NAD+ is a coenzyme found in all living cells, and it performs two basic jobs in the human body. First, it plays a key role in metabolism by helping to turn nutrients into cellular energy. Second, it functions as a kind of helper molecule for proteins called sirtuins. Also known as “guardians of the genome,” sirtuins are basically the CEOs of your cells. As such they protect your DNA and thus regulate the cellular aging process. However, sirtuins require NAD+ to work, and our natural levels of NAD+ decline as we get older, which is the primary cause of cellular aging. But here’s the good news. Scientists have discovered that NAD+ levels can be increased through supplementation of nicotinamide riboside, a highly efficient precursor to NAD+, and pterostilbene, a powerful polyphenol created by plants. And that brings us to Basis. To address the problem of declining NAD+ levels, Elysium’s team of scientists developed Basis, a patent-pending formulation of crystalline nicotinamide riboside, which the human body converts into NAD+, and pterostilbene. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, Basis was shown to safely and sustainably increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent. These elevated NAD+ levels help support cellular energy and metabolism, maintain healthy DNA, activate sirtuins, and support healthy cellular aging. A Basis NAD+ supplement is designed for long-term use by adults of all ages. Each bottle of Basis contains 60 caplets. Each caplet is vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, nut-free, and contains no artificial colors or flavors. They contain 250mg of crystalline nicotinamide riboside and 50mg of pterostilbene, which have no known side effects. Elysium recommends taking two capsules in the morning, with or without food. Thus, each bottle of Basis contains a 30-day supply. There may be no way to stop the cellular aging process. But there is a way to improve it. Elysium Basis can support healthy aging on a cellular level by providing your cells with the crucial supplies of NAD+ they need to maintain healthy DNA, energy, and metabolism. If you’re ready to be proactive and take control of your cellular health, click here to try Basis today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Despite being the CEO of SpaceX, Elon Musk revealed today that he likes to go on social media to check in on the progress his company is making on Starship. The development of the Mars-bound rocket is "followed quite rigorously on the internet," Musk said today during a video feed interview at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona. "In fact, often when I want to know what the latest thing is, I just go on the internet." "Because it's being developed in South Texas, right next to a public road, we have members of the public pointing telephoto lenses at our vehicles," Musk explained. It's a rather odd comment coming from the CEO of SpaceX, a man who has unfettered access to literally every aspect of Starship's development. Is he not getting the full picture? It's even stranger considering that Musk is currently choosing to live on site, inside a $50,000 prefab box. Indeed, the internet is chock full of photographs and livestreams taken near the company's testing facilities near Boca Chica in South Texas. SpaceX enthusiasts and space journalists have meticulously documented the fabrication, installation, and testing of each component that goes into building the various Starship and Super Heavy booster prototypes. Previous launch attempts have also gotten extensive coverage, with several unofficial cameras allowing for multiple, simultaneous livestreams — in addition to SpaceX's own, and arguably far less detailed, coverage. So in a way, Musk revealing he just goes "on the internet" to check up on Starship doesn't come as a huge shock. At the same time, one would expect the CEO of a company — particularly one who lives on site — to be provided with all the information he could possibly need, not to mention the ability to have a first-hand look. The comment could also have had a tongue-in-cheek component, or a nod to how closely Starship's development has been documented by outsiders. At the same time, those onlookers may indeed be providing Musk with distance shots that he doesn't have access to using SpaceX's equipment. Fortunately, those onlookers will be able to witness the next big step in Starship's development within the coming weeks. Musk revealed at today's event that the company will be ready for the "first orbital launch attempt in the next few months." "We certainly will have an orbital-capable booster and orbital-capable ship, and the orbital launch site ready within the next month or so," he added. Perhaps then, Musk will be able to watch the show through the literal lenses of his most active followers. More on Starship: SpaceX President Says Orbital Starship Launch Is “Shooting for July” Share This Article 
The nose is one of the key connections between the outside world and your body, for better or worse. Yet most of the ways we have to clean the nose are wasteful or ineffective. Rated 4.5/5 stars on Amazon, this Naväge Clean-Nose Choice Package will not only help you literally keep your nose clean, but do it in a more sustainable way. It typically retails for $134, and is on sale now for 25% off at just $99.95. Created by inventor Martin Hoke to help treat his sinusitis, the Naväge is based on the neti pot, which uses salt water to clear out the nose. Unlike forceful blowing or rooting around with a tissue, which can cause nosebleeds or shove allergens in deeper, the neti pot circulates water through the sinuses before flowing back out, washing away anything that doesn't belong in your nostrils. Hoke tried the neti and found that it worked, but found it hard to do and somewhat intimidating. So he designed a device that gently removes the water through one nostril with light suction, pulling it through in a gentle cycle that's cleaner and easier to manage, with no tilting or blowing needed. It also pulls the water into a separate tank to check if needed, and it keeps trees in forests, not in tissue boxes. To add salinity, you can just click in a SaltPod and it'll balance the water's mineral content automatically. In addition to breathing clearly, the bundle comes with everything you need to keep your nose clean. The bundle includes a second nasal dock with nose pillow; 20 SaltPods, as well a two-pack of Eucalyptus pods for a clearer feeling; a convenient travel bag in hunter green, and a countertop caddy that lets you air-dry your Naväge and keep your vanity or countertop orderly. Normally, this bundle would cost $134, but right now, you can save 25% and get the full Naväge Clean-Nose Choice Package for $99.95. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Welcoming your first car, first home, and first child into your life are some of the most meaningful milestones in adult life. And while these moments shape your future, so do the decisions you make each and every day. It's easy to become accustomed to certain routines that simplify your daily life, but comfort is also the death of progress. You may very well be missing out on chances to shake up your routine in ways that will improve your life, which ultimately pave the way for future milestones. That's why it's worth exploring how The Zebra can transform your future by saving you hundreds of dollars a year—all it takes is a couple of clicks and a few minutes of your time.  By comparing auto insurance rates with The Zebra, you'll save an average of $440 a year—over time, that's money that can help pay for a future wedding, a college fund for your children, or even go toward a dream home you hope to retire in. All you have to do is enter your ZIP code, information about you, and your auto insurance history, and you'll find personalized auto insurance rates in under 5 minutes. The Zebra offers the largest network of auto insurance carriers, allowing you to compare quotes from over 100 insurance companies without any hassle. And with The Zebra's help, you can finally find the quote that works best for you and your financial goals.  The Zebra doesn't just offer assistance when it comes to comparing auto insurance rates: the comprehensive website also seeks to educate car owners about how to benefit the most from their auto insurance. For instance, in The Zebra's recent "Report: The 2021 State of Auto Insurance", you can comb through their meticulous research to discover whether you're paying more than the average rate for auto insurance. The Zebra affirms their true mission: to connect car owners with the best insurance and potential savings available.  You may have held onto your tried-and-true routine for years, but there's nothing wrong with deviating from your routine, especially if it saves you money. With The Zebra, comparing auto insurance rates has never been easier: just enter your ZIP code and start your journey to a hassle-free auto insurance switch that can save you hundreds of dollars a year. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Indestructible Shoes is a company that uses high-tech, ultra-strong, ultra-lightweight materials to make sneakers that protect your feet like a heavy duty work boot. And when we say they protect your feet like a work boot, we mean it. Every pair of Indestructible Shoes has steel toes, skid-proof grips, shock-absorption technology, anti-puncture heels, and electric shock insulation, among other features. And the stylish new Galaxy Grey is no exception. If you work in construction or the trades, you already know the value of work boots. Unfortunately, the protection they provide comes at the price of style and weight. And light stylish sneakers feel great, but they won't keep your feet safe on the job. But now, Indestructible Shoes is offering the best of both worlds with stylish sneakers that also protect your feet. But construction workers aren’t the only people who can benefit from Indestructible Shoes. They're perfect for people in the healthcare industry who work with gurneys, hospital beds, wheel chairs, and other heavy medical equipment. They’re also ideal for those in security or law enforcement who need shoes that offer protection and mobility, as well as people in the food service industry who need shoes with exceptional grip. And for those involved with weight training, Indestructible Shoes will keep their toes from being crushed by falling weights. They’re great for weekend warriors who spend a lot of time outdoors on rugged terrain, and amateur contractors doing odd jobs around the house and yard. The all-new Galaxy is one of the most well-rounded and versatile shoes Indestructible Shoes has created. It has a classic sneaker design, amazing safety features, and incredible comfort that will keep your feet safe no matter what. The upper is constructed from an ultra durable but still incredibly breathable knit material called “flymesh,” which wicks moisture to keep your feet feeling fresh all day long, no matter the activity. It also features an extra tall lace cage for maximum stability. The soles are springy and flexible, and feature a specially designed no-slip grip for maximum stability. They also boast extra cushioning and advanced 3D arch support. And underneath the stylish exterior are European steel toes and a puncture-resistant soles to protect your feet from injuries. Aside from the Galaxy Grey, the stylish Galaxy Black offers the same unparalleled protection. But each shoe weighs in at less than a pound. So if you’re looking for a shoe that you can wear from the job sight, to the gym, to the bar, and everywhere in between, the Galaxy is it. So, if you’re on the market for a stylish pair of sneakers that can stand up to anything you throw at them, you need to take a look at the all-new Galaxy Grey and Galaxy Black. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It doesn't matter if you're a marine biologist, an angler, or just somebody who wants to better observe the natural world, if you want to find a fish, you'll quickly discover they go to extreme lengths to not be found. The GoFish camera gets you under the water and face-to-face with your finny subject. Designed by a team who wanted to get more from their fishing trips, the GoFish is easy to set up even for a novice fisherman. At just 4" long and 1.1" in diameter, and able to handle 1000 pounds of tension, the GoFish goes on any fishing rod, trailing line, or underside of a boat, and works up to 500 feet underwater. It also has stabilization fins to give you a steady image and to keep your cast smooth. Connect it to your main line, add your leader line to the other end, and you're ready to go, whether you're casting from the pier or trying your luck on a kayak. Once the GoFish is in the water, it begins recording 1080p video at 30 or 60 fps, and has a green LED for night vision in murkier waters. Just get it into the water, try your luck, and then reel in your catch and connect to the camera with the built-in WiFi to see how the struggle played out. If you're in close, you can even get a live feed. And you can keep casting without worrying about recharging it, as you have up to 2.5 hours of recording time. After the day's fishing is done, you can play back your videos, share your best ones with friends, and learn how these particular fish are biting, how your lure is presenting, and other useful information to become a better fisherman. You can come face-to-face with fish for $199.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Welp, that was underwhelming. After keeping the public waiting for months, the Pentagon finally released its hotly anticipated declassified report on "unidentified aerial phenomena" (government speak for UFOs) on Friday. You might think the public learned the truth about UFOs, aliens, what they're keeping at Area 51, and who really built the pyramids. In reality, what the Pentagon released was an aggressively underwhelming nine pages of (frankly) boring stuff we were already told: The US government has no idea what UFOs actually are.  "The limited amount of high-quality reporting on unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) hampers our ability to draw firm conclusions about the nature or intent of UAP," read the report. That roughly translates into, "We don’t have enough evidence to say one way or another what's going on with the UFOs." So while many people (including us here at Futurism) were hopeful that the report would shed some light on what the UFOs are exactly, what we ultimately got was more disappointing bureaucratic vagueness.  We weren't the only ones disappointed in the report either, if the reaction on social media is any indication: Hearing reports that the UFO report sucks pic.twitter.com/O1DCU7mfmx — Unexplained Occurrences 🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍⚧️ (@TalesOfBeyond) June 25, 2021  The Official Pentagon UFO Report : pic.twitter.com/3rdALQTMEs — julio iii (@x_julio_95) June 25, 2021  The pentagon #UFO report in a nutshell: pic.twitter.com/lvu5A92ptu — Greg Newkirk 🔦 (@nuekerk) June 25, 2021  "It reads like it was written by a summer intern without a security clearance," said Reddit user u/Woffle_WT in a comment to a post of the report on /r/UFO. "Never a good sign about the motivation of the author when the title page and the appendix comprise 25% of the report." There were a few interesting tidbits. For one, it does conclude that the majority of unidentified objects are likely physical rather than optical illusions "given that the majority of UAP were registered across multiple sensors, to include radar, infrared, electro-optical, weapon seekers, and visual observation." However, it stops short of identifying what it could actually be.  Even when the report does say something that could almost be cool like how the objects "appeared to exhibit unusual flight characteristics," it immediately throws cold water on it saying it's probably just the "result of sensor errors, spoofing, or observer misperception." Gee. Whoever wrote this must be great at parties.  The report did state very clearly that the unidentified objects were definitely not the result of the US government testing highly-advanced flying tech… which coincidentally is exactly what they would say if they were doing that.   However, they do say that the objects might be from a foreign adversary "deployed by China, Russia, another nation, or a non-governmental entity." "UAP pose a hazard to safety of flight and could pose a broader danger if some instances represent sophisticated collection against U.S. military activities by a foreign government or demonstrate a breakthrough aerospace technology by a potential adversary," the report said. Despite the relative letdown the report turned out to be, it does mark a fairly groundbreaking moment in history: The US government is now actively acknowledging and investigating the existence of UFOs in an official capacity.  And if nothing else, the Pentagon does not rule out the idea that these sightings are evidence of extraterrestrial visitors. So, if you want to believe in alien existence, you definitely still can — just don't hold your breath for the US government to confirm or deny it. READ MORE: Preliminary Assessment: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena [Office of the Director of National Intelligence] More on the UFO report: The Pentagon Just Released Its UFO Report Share This Article 
The cutting edge of physics can seem more like fiction than reality, as scientists argue over whether information is a form of matter and if you can find dark matter at the bottom of a lake. Yet, even the established laws of physics can pull out some surprises, which is where the Skill Flux stands out. Typically $99, the Skill Flux Scientific Desk Toy + Magnet Shield Bundle is on sale for only $80.95. The Skill Flux seems like a typical tube and ball. Drop the ball in the tube and it'll fall through, right? Except instead the ball seems to fight gravity, only slowly dropping out the bottom. See for yourself: How does the Skill Flux pull this off? It uses Lenz's Law. Discovered in 1834 by Emil Lenz, the law states that when you induce a current in a conductor using a magnetic field, that current will generate a magnetic field that opposes changes in the initial field. In other words, the more you push a magnet towards a conductor, generating a current through that conductor, the harder the conductor will push back against the magnet. With the Skill Flux, the secret is that the ball is a strong neodymium magnet and the tube is the conductor, in this case aluminum. So while gravity will eventually win out against magnetism, the fields will still push against each other, slowing the ball. Capturing the allure of the toy, The Economist wrote, "Watching this defiance of the laws of nature is undeniably mesmeric." This means you can play catch with two tubes, perform tricks and stunts, get multiple tubes and stack them, and get some inspiration from physics when you're stuck. The leather wrap and magnet shield make it an elegant addition to any desk, while protecting sensitive gear by encasing the ball in wood with an iron outer shell. Usually, displaying the magic of physics on your desk would cost $99, but right now, you can save 19% on the Skill Flux and get one for $80.95. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’ve already heard of euphoric beverages, you probably already know that they’re an exciting alternative to alcohol, with none of the unwanted side effects that alcohol drinkers have to deal with. And in the world of non alcoholic euphorics, Kin is a brand that stands above all the rest. Their newest product, Kin Lightwave is more than worth checking out whether you’ve decided to quit alcohol altogether, or are just looking for something different. Kin Lightwave is a smooth blend of lavender-vanilla, birch, and smoked sea salts that’s engineered to both liven the spirit and satiate the palate. Reishi Mushroom, Saffron, L-Tryptophan and Passionflower are among the active ingredients that make this euphoric a euphoric, and drinkers have reported pleasant effects like a sense of calm, clearer thinking, and better social connections after enjoying it and the rest of the Kin euphorics line of beverages. How is this possible? The best way to understand the appeal of non alcoholic Kin Lightwave is to try it yourself, but for now you might be interested to know that Lightwave’s ingredients fall into three main categories. First, Adaptogens like Reishi Mushroom and Passionflower strengthen your own adrenal system and provide more balanced and healthy stress responses in your body and mind. Second, nootropics like L-Theanine, L-Serine, L-Tryptophan, and Magnesium Glycinate give your brain a boost,. Last but not least, botanics like Lavender Extract, Cinnamon, Saffron, and Gentian Root provide flavor and aroma as well as a feeling of calm and relaxation. And botanics can boost your immune system, too. Each Kin euphoric beverage represents its own experience for the drinker, and Lightwave is no different. It was designed to confer a sense of “grounding calm” to both your mind and your spirit, and is billed as “a functional beverage for modern rituals.” Try a can and see if you don’t enjoy a sense of calm, a boost to your brainpower, and better, clearer social interactions, all without any blackouts or hangovers to worry about. If you like it, you might want to drink two or even three, but the recommended 24-hour limit is four cans per person. As a matter of fact, you can purchase a four-, eight-, or sixteen-pack of Kin Lightwave from the Kin online store right now, and you can save a little money in the bargain by opting for a monthly subscription, which is available with a ten-percent discount as well as free shipping. So if you’re curious about euphoric beverages and want to give Kin Lightwave a try, head over to the Kin online store to order yours. While you’re there, you can also check out the rest of the Kin euphorics line, including Kin Dream Light, Kin Spritz, and Kin High Rhode, all available now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence just dropped its hotly-anticipated declassified report on "unidentified aerial phenomena," which are essentially a wordy rebranding of "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs). The major takeaway of the Friday evening release: disappointingly, very little. In the 9-page document, the Pentagon's best and brightest essentially threw up their hands and admitted that they can't explain the vast majority of apparent UFO sightings. The report drew immense amounts of speculation before its release because of the remote possibility that it would say something concrete about alien life, but that didn't come to pass. "We have no clear indications that there is any non-terrestrial explanation for them — but we will go wherever the data takes us," an anonymous US government official told NBC News shortly before the report was released. "We do not have any data that indicates that any of these unidentified air phenomena are part of a foreign collection program nor do we have any data that is indicative of a major technological advancement by a potential adversary." The report itself is at times almost comically vague. "There are probably multiple types of UAP requiring different explanations based on the range of appearances and behaviors described in the available reporting," reads one section. "Our analysis of the data supports the construct that if and when individual UAP incidents are resolved they will fall into one of five potential explanatory categories: airborne clutter, natural atmospheric phenomena, USG or U.S. industry developmental programs, foreign adversary systems, and a catchall 'other' bin." In total, the report examined 144 incidents, 143 of which investigators were unable to explain. But it did contain a few tantalizing references. "In a small number of cases, military aircraft systems processed radio frequency (RF) energy associated with UAP sightings," reads one. "The UAPTF holds a small amount of data that appear to show UAP demonstrating acceleration or a degree of signature management," reads another. But additional "rigorous analysis are necessary by multiple teams or groups of technical experts to determine the nature and validity of these data," it said. Most of the most interesting gossip came from anonymous sources associated with the report, rather than the document itself. "We absolutely do believe what we're seeing are not simply sensor artifacts," a government source told CNN, for instance. "These are things that physically exist." Overall, answers are few and far between. And to be fair, the investigation was by definition immensely challenging from the start. READ MORE: Preliminary Assessment: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena [Office of the Director of National Intelligence] Share This Article 
There are many ways to show your kids the joys of science, from walks in the woods to astronauts getting slimed in space. Fortunately, you don't need to buy a rocket ship to show your family why science is awesome. The STEM Starter Bundle gives you two kits perfect for showing your little ones the cool side of STEM. The STEM Starter Bundle: Robotic & Curiosity Kits is on sale for $79.99 (reg. $119), a discount of 33%. These educational toys from Twin Science have the awards to back them up, winning at the 2020 Bett Awards and getting the silver at the 2020 Play for Change Awards. Both are honors from science educators and tech luminaries looking to encourage kids to get into science. First, for ages 5-8, there's the Robotic Kit. Compatible with the Lego collection you already have, this kit illustrates how to build robots, step by step, and use them to create new designs and patterns for art projects. They're easy to build and designed to be play-safe, so you can work with them to assemble their bots, or let them explore on their own. Along the way, kids will learn the basics of robotics, logic, and the artistic side of mathematics. Then, for ages 7-10, the Curiosity Kit offers 15 different DIY projects. Kids can build a hat that lights up on command, a Morse code signaling device, a lamp that lights up with applause, a smart pet feeder, and much more. There's no welding required, and kids will discover how circuits work and be introduced to logical approaches to design and construction. And since it too is Lego-compatible, as everyone gets comfortable with the sensors and designs, they can begin building their own creations, or add to what they've already put together. Usually these kits would cost $119 as a bundle. Yet right now, you can get both the Robotic Kit and Curiosity Kit for $79.99, which is 33% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
American pop icon Britney Spears spoke out in explosive testimony on Wednesday about the troubling situation surrounding her conservatorship, a contractual agreement that she says has resulted in trauma and abuse. "I’ve been in denial; I’ve been in shock; I am traumatized," Spears said during the hearing, as quoted by The New York Times. "I just want my life back." "I truly believe this conservatorship is abusive," the musician said. "I don’t feel like I can live a full life." Even more troubling was the fact that, according to Spears' testimony, the court denied her request to have her birth control device, an intrauterine device (IUD), removed. She also alleged that doctors forced her to take lithium, a mood stabilizer, after telling management she wanted to stop her ongoing Las Vegas show, as well as foisting other psychiatric treatments and therapy on her. Both appear to be likely instances of shocking medical overreach — even to the degree of Spears' reproductive rights being overwritten by the people controlling her personal life and finances. She said had requested the IUD be removed "so I could start trying to have another baby, but this so-called team won’t let me go to the doctor to take it out because they don’t want me to have children, any more children." The conservatorship took control over her finances in 2008 after Spears began behaving erratically and being admitted to the hospital on two occasions. These kinds of agreements are often granted by a court for those with dementia or other mental illnesses, the BBC reports. Spears' supporters — many congregating under the #FreeBritney hashtag on social media — were appalled by the news that her right to have children was taken away. Alexis McGill Johnson, president and chief executive of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, called it an instance of "reproductive coercion" in a tweet. "Your reproductive health is your own — and no one should make decisions about it for you," McGill Johnson wrote. The singer has made it repeatedly clear the conservatorship has put severe limits on how she could live her father James Spears huge amounts of control over what she could and couldn't do. James Spears stepped down temporarily as Spears' personal conservator in 2019 due to ill health, installing Jodi Montgomery, a care professional, according to the BBC. Spears' fight is far from over. "I deserve to have the same rights as anyone does by having a child and a family. Any of those things," Spears said during the hearing. Share This Article 
John McAfee, an eccentric software pioneer who lived on the lam for many years, was found dead in a Spanish prison cell Wednesday evening. According to a statement released by the Catalan justice department and obtained by Reuters, suicide is the most likely cause. The news comes just hours after news emerged that McAfee would face extradition to the US after a Spanish High Court ruling. McAfee was arrested at Barcelona's airport in October 2020 on tax evasion charges. A 10-count indictment filed in Tennessee accused him of evading taxes on millions of dollars in income. McAfee was a veteran headline maker. In 2018, the eccentric millionaire claimed he was poisoned by "his enemies," according to a tweet. He also became embroiled with the US Securities and Exchange Commission at the time, accusing them of endangering his life for promoting new cryptocurrencies. He had also sometimes demonstrated a paranoid streak, posting in 2019 that unspecified "US officials" intended to kill him and make it look like a suicide. "If I suicide myself, I didn't," he wrote at the time. "I was whackd. [sic]" McAfee also was forced to run his second US presidential campaign in 2019 in exile to avoid being charged for tax fraud. He ran for the Libertarian Party nomination for president of the United States in both 2016 and 2020. The entrepreneur most famously founded the software company McAfee Associates in 1987, which later became a successful commercial antivirus software. He was 75 at the time of his death. READ MORE: U.S. software mogul John McAfee dies by hanging in Spanish prison - lawyer says [Reuters] More on McAfee: John McAfee's Manager Threatens to Release Secret Data "Payloads" Share This Article 
If you don't use it, you lose it.  It's an easy-to-remember quote that is all too real for our minds and bodies: if we don't continuously hone and sharpen mental and physical abilities, our ability to function at the optimum level gradually declines.  If you stop attending the gym, you'll lose muscle mass. The same can be said about your mind. Although many of us lose some of the core math and science skills that we don't use on a daily basis, they become no less important in our everyday lives. Whether it's preparing for a new job role, trying to keep up with the latest scientific journalism, or simply staying in the know about the world around us, it's always a good practice to practice these skills—but how? Brilliant has all the answers.  Brilliant is an innovative, intuitive online learning platform that will take your learning to the next level as you see math and science in a whole new way. Offering fun, interactive ways to learn math, science, and computer science, Brilliant aims to build your quantitative skills as you learn (or re-learn) the foundations behind our technology-driven world. Brilliant was designed by award-winning teachers and professionals from MIT, Caltech, Microsoft, Google, and more, ensuring that every course is informative, engaging, and student-friendly. Each course is 100% interactive, offering a new way of learning for fundamental concepts in math and science. Want to better understand probability for your next casino visit? Try a course that illustrates how probability works by playing casino blackjack (without losing to the house, of course). That's just one of the many ways Brilliant uses animation, creativity, and real-world examples to illustrate concepts that often confound us.  While strengthening your foundation in core math and science concepts, Brilliant takes you further by expanding your understanding of cutting-edge scientific fields. You can learn how to train a neural network or program a quantum computer through the same intriguing, interactive materials—like a drag-and-drop programming puzzle, for example.  Accessible for everyone from ages 10 to 110, Brilliant provides the perfect platform for lifelong learning for the real student at heart. With Brilliant, there's no grades or competition: it's a fun, challenging, new way to learn that allows you to learn at your own pace while challenging you to expand your knowledge. The first 200 people to sign up for an annual subscription get 20 percent off for a limited time. If you're ready to be challenged and informed like never before, try Brilliant. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While in the near future, that business trip may be done by robot, not plane, we'll always be a species with at least a little wanderlust. The World Traveler Bundle can fulfill that urge, and right now, you can save 20% off with the code TRAVEL20 at checkout. First, you'll learn the language with a lifetime subscription to Rosetta Stone, which gives you access to all 24 languages on the platform. The premier language training app for 27 years, used by corporations and organizations around the world, Rosetta Stone combines advanced voice recognition with courses designed by top linguists to get you communicating by training you in everyday skills like shopping, navigating public transit and even making small talk about pop songs. It's all broken down into short lessons, and it's accessible anywhere you've got an internet connection. While you're getting fluent, the Complete 2021 Travel Hacker Bundle has thirteen hours of tips and tricks to get around the world safely and cheaply. You'll learn how to work from anywhere, how to get the most out of your budget, how to take snapshots that capture the beauty of your destination, and even how to move overseas if that's your ultimate goal. It's ideal for working vacations, and for just learning how veteran travelers stretch a dollar. Finally, you get a three-year subscription to Matt's Flights. Just punch your preferred airport into the system and you'll get emails telling you about the cheapest flights as they come up, or put in a request to see what's lowest. You'll also get access to other flight deals, and one-on-one travel planning. Normally, this bundle would cost $1784. Right now, though, you can save an extra 20% off the 88% discount on offer with the code TRAVEL20 at checkout, and get the entire bundle for $159.20. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Please, for the love of god, brace yourselves for what you're about to see. Facebook was just awarded a patent for, uh, stylish augmented reality (AR) headwear — and it's a real doozy. First, some credit for poor old Facebook and its terrible AR hats. Current mixed reality headgear is bulky, cumbersome, and all-around not great. These new designs, Gizmodo notes, at least make an attempt to incorporate the display into existing articles of clothing and, by moving hardware away from the wearer's face, could theoretically make AR headgear more comfortable. But take a quick scroll through the patent, which was published Tuesday and first spotted by the law firm Founders Legal, and you'll see that even the little dude in the design mockups looks like he doesn't want to be there. I mean, just look at him. He looks like he's trying to escape his own hat. Folks, you're gazing at the mildly-recoiling face of the future. Only the brain-geniuses at Facebook could come up with a mixed reality display that can fold up and out of sight when you don't feel like using it — but that also somehow simultaneously dangles from the edge of a baseball cap and balances on the wearer's nose. If baseball caps aren't your style, don't worry! Facebook thought ahead and also released designs that would work with a visor, a cowboy hat, and even a fedora — finally allowing you to offer a tangible tip of the hat to your virtual waifu. No, mom, you don't need to google that. To be fair, nobody can say for sure what the mixed reality headsets of the future will look like, nor can they predict which designs will take off versus which ones will get laughed out of existence. But it does seem reasonable to assume that subtlety will win out, and that an AR display embedded into a pair of glasses would probably be more popular than, well, whatever these monstrosities are. Of course, creating a functional mixed reality device that looks like regular eyeglasses is a much trickier engineering challenge than utilizing all the extra space afforded by a hat. But if it worked, you at least wouldn't need to walk around in public doing whatever it is that this woman is up to. READ MORE: Google Glass Was Ugly, but Facebook's AR Baseball Hat Might Actually Be Worse [Gizmodo] More on augmented reality: Augmented Reality Is Changing the Cosmetics Industry Forever Share This Article 
It's easy to lose track of time when you allow yourself to get carried away while playing video games — but intriguingly, that effect appears to be far more noticeable when gaming in virtual reality. A team of researchers at the University of California, Santa Cruz, found that time flies by when playing while wearing a VR headset as compared to playing the same game on a two-dimensional screen. In an experiment, as detailed in a paper published in the journal Timing & Time Perception, research assistant Grayson Mullen and psychology professor Nicolas Davidenko found that participants had a much harder time gauging how fast time passed when playing a game in VR. Participants playing the same game — a simplified maze puzzle — on a screen in front of them were good at estimating when they believed five minutes had passed without access to a clock. Those playing in VR, though, played for an average of 72.6 seconds longer before signaling to the researchers when they believed five minutes had passed. "This is the first time we can really isolate that it's not just that you’re playing a video game, or the content of whatever you're seeing," Mullen said in a statement. "It's really the fact that it is virtual reality versus a conventional screen that contributes to this time compression effect." As its name suggests, time compression is the effect when time goes by faster than we think. The researchers suggest that the effect could be the result of the fact that you are less aware of your physical body inside VR. "In virtual reality, when you look down, you might see nothing where your body normally would be, or you might see a schematic of a body, but it won't feel like your body," Davidenko, co-author of the paper, said in the statement. "There are theories that we may rely on our heartbeat and other bodily rhythms to help our brain track the passage of time, so if you have a less vivid sense of your body in virtual reality, you might be missing the pulses of this timekeeping mechanism." It's an exciting conclusion, but any results should be taken with a grain of salt. There's still a lot we don't know about "time compression" and Mullen's experiment is also not bulletproof. For instance, participants were asked to play the game in both VR and on a conventional screen, one after the other, with the order being picked at random. Time compression only occurred for those who played the game in VR first. That means participants may have made their best guess during the second round based on the estimation in the first round, as the researchers note in their paper. If the effect holds up more generally, though, losing yourself inside virtual reality could also have some negative consequences. "As virtual reality headsets get more comfortable to wear for longer periods of time, and as more immersive games are made for this format, I think it would be good to avoid having it become like a virtual casino, where you end up playing more because you don't realize how much time you're spending," Mullen said in the statement. In any event, virtual reality has proven time and time again that it can be incredibly immersive — a quality that comes with its own risks and rewards. READ MORE: Virtual reality warps your sense of time [UC Santa Cruz] More on VR: Facebook Is Giving a VR Headset to Every Employee Who Wants One Share This Article 
It’s been a long, long year during which you and everyone you know did more video chat than they ever thought they would over a twelve-month period. Could you, at any point, think of a way video chat could be more in-your-face than it already is? Well, Google did — and they’re now debuting a new video chat system they’re calling “Project Starline.” Here’s the demo: “Imagine, instead of looking at a screen, you’re looking at a magic pane of glass, and through that glass, you’re seeing another person on the other side,” explains Google’s Director of Engineering, Steve Seitsz, in the promotional video for the new product. “And through that glass, you’re seeing another person on the other side.” So basically, they’ve re-invented the virtual prison visitation phone booth. Interesting. Google says the three major breakthroughs are the ability to capture people where they are using 3D imaging, move that data through existing networks at an efficient clip, and render the image in a three dimensional display (Google didn't elaborate on this, but it’s not like they invented the three dimensional display, which already exists, and have traditionally been rendered using a series of mirrors). Right now, Google’s technology only exists in a handful of Google offices around the world, and needs “custom-built hardware and highly specialized equipment” to work. In the announcement, Google says its goal is to make the product cheaper and more ubiquitious, and that it's been conducting demos in healthcare and media. To be fair, it is easy to imagine spaces where the tech could have some genuinely interesting applications. For example: A telehealth visit right now renders you, a patient, in two dimensions. A three-dimensional telehealth visit could (theoretically) give a doctor more visual information with which to diagnose a patient. Needless to say, Google is far from the only company interesting in real-time 3D renderings. Over at MIT, they’ve been using deep learning to create real time holographic renderings on a smaller scale. A 2020 market research report projected (heh) that the digital holography market is expected to reach $5.4B by 2024. And cynical as we all might want to be about video chat — and our desire to do it as little as possible after a year where we seemingly couldn’t escape it — it (or the need for it) isn’t disappearing  any time soon. Here’s hoping, at the very least, that this technology disrupts the ability of our web cams to somehow render our worst, least photogenic angles. READ MORE: Project Starline: Feel like you’re there, together [Google] MORE ON HOLOGRAMS: Scientists Create True “Star Wars”-Style Hologram Share This Article 
Amazon is being roasted for sharing a video of its "AmaZen," a phonebooth-sized box where employees can go to "focus on their mental wellbeing." In other words, one of the largest companies in the world is offering its overworked employees a, well, box to sit in to watch mindfulness videos. It's a out-of-touch move for a company that already has a poor track record of squeezing every last drop of productivity out of its countless warehouse workers — and offering very little in return. And that's not to mention Amazon's track record of aggressively campaigning against worker unionization. Just last month, the e-retailer admitted it had tried to cover up the fact its drivers have to routinely pee in water bottles. Amazon claims its "AmaZen" can guide "employees through mindfulness practices in individual interactive kiosks at buildings," according to a press release. "During shifts employees can visit AmaZen stations and watch short videos featuring easy-to-follow wellbeing activities, including guided meditations, positive affirmations, calming scenes with sounds, and more," the press release reads. In practice, it's essentially a stripped down photo booth with a computer inside, placed in the middle of an Amazon warehouse. It's unclear exactly which employees Amazon is targeting with its kiosk, but given its strategic placement suggests it's meant for workers inside its many fulfillment centers. A YouTube reupload of a clip showing the booth, as spotted by Vice, shows the tiny booth in action. In the short clip, the dystopian box is being described as a "place that's quiet, that people could go and focus on their mental and emotional well-being" by Amazon employee and box inventor Leila Brown. "The ZenBooth is an interactive kiosk where you can navigate through a library of mental health and mindful practices to recharge the internal battery," Brown says in the video. As expected, Amazon is getting ridiculed for its mindfulness kiosks on social media. "I feel like livable wages and working conditions are better than a mobile Despair Closet," tweeted writer Talia Levin. The company however paints the AmaZen as the perfect home away from home through glowing endorsements. "Self-care is important, and AmaZen gives me an opportunity to take time for myself to just pause and regroup which helps me be better at work," Amazon fulfillment center employee Katie Miller said in the company's press release. "When I take that time, I come back to work more focused, and it has a lasting effect on the rest of my day," she said. It's arguably a mostly ineffective band aid solution. Amazon warehouse conditions are infamously grueling, with penalties given out for taking too many breaks, a severe lack of bathrooms for delivery drivers, as well as higher than average chances of workplace injury. And a simple enclosed box isn't likely to solve the issues. The so-called "ZenBooth" or "Mindful Practice Room" is part of what Amazon calls its "WorkingWell program." The $300 million program is meant to improve the health and safety of its employees and allow them to "recharge and reenergize," according to the press release. If the program, "AmaZen" booths included, will be enough to have a positive effect on the mental well being of its warehouse staff remains to be seen. READ MORE: Amazon’s mental health kiosk mocked on social media as a ‘Despair Closet’ [The Guardian] More on Amazon: Amazon Admits It Was Fibbing About the Pee Thing Share This Article 
University of Rochester astrophysicist Adam Frank is not impressed by recent reports of UFOs. In an opinion piece for The New York Times, Frank argues that concluding extraterrestrial life is behind these recent reports would be foolish. The piece is yet another instance of experts coming forward to refute the idea that aliens could be behind recent sightings of unexplained objects soaring through the skies. "There are excellent reasons to search for extraterrestrial life," he argues, "but there are equally excellent reasons not to conclude that we have found evidence of it with UFO sightings." The US government is increasingly taking reports of "unidentified aerial phenomena" seriously. It has even set up a Task Force to investigate reports made by US military personnel over the last two decades. Several of these reports, particularly those made by Navy pilots, include sightings of mysterious objects that seem to be far more technologically advanced, appearing to break the laws of physics. The Task Force is now expected to release a long-awaited report some time next month, detailing these sightings and what they've learned about them. But Frank isn't impressed by these reports, arguing that first-person accounts are often "notoriously inaccurate to begin with." Aliens would also need to have a "mysterious reason to remain hidden from us," but given the sightings, they would have to be "surprisingly incompetent" at being stealthy. "You would think that creatures technologically capable of traversing the mind-boggling distances between the stars would also know how to turn off their high beams at night and to elude our primitive infrared cameras," Frank argued. Not all theories point fingers at the discovery of ET. Many experts argue that geopolitical adversaries could be behind these sightings, hiding in US airspace in plain sight. It's a theory that hasn't flown over Frank's head either. "Don’t get me wrong: I’ll read with great interest the US Intelligence report about UFOs that is scheduled to be delivered to Congress in June," Frank wrote. "I believe that UFO phenomena should be investigated using the best tools of science and with complete transparency." The real problem, according to the astrophysicist, is that current alien theories could be obscuring current scientific efforts to uncover the existence of intelligent extraterrestrial life. " But this evidence involves subtle findings about phenomena far away in the galaxy — not sensational findings just a few miles away in our own atmosphere," he wrote. In other words, sensationalist findings could be undermining long-term studies that probe the universe for signs of life, an effort that takes "time and careful effort," according to the professor. READ MORE: I’m a Physicist Who Searches for Aliens. U.F.O.s Don’t Impress Me. [The New York Times] More on UFOs: NASA Scientist: We Should Take UFOs as Seriously as Mars Research Share This Article 
China's first module of its upcoming Tiangong space station makes use of ion drives, technology that could vastly cut down the time it takes to travel to Mars — and greatly reduce the amount of fuel needed to make that trip, as the South China Morning Post reports. The module, called Tianhe and launched in late April, is powered by four ion thrusters that use electricity to accelerate ions as a form of propulsion. In fact, the module could soon become the first spacecraft in history to transport humans using the technology, according to SCMP. Ion drives are orders of magnitude more efficient compared to chemical propulsion. To keep the International Space Station in orbit for a year, the thrusters consume four tons of rocket fuel. With ion thrusters, it'd need just 400 kilograms to stay in orbit for the same amount of time, according to the Chinese Academy of Sciences. A trip to Mars could be cut down from eight months to just 39 days. China is betting big on ion thrusters, hoping to use them not just for its space station  but for upcoming satellite constellations and nuclear-powered spacecraft capable of carrying astronauts to Mars as well, according to SCMP. The technology has been around for decades, but mainstream adoption has been hampered by the fact that the thrust produced isn't very significant. Scaling up the thrusters could end up putting astronauts in danger and shorten the lifespan of satellites. But scientists at the Chinese Academy of Sciences may have cracked the code. One of its ion drives currently in development has been burning for more than 11 months straight, according to the newspaper. A magnetic field makes sure the particles don't create any damage or erode the engine, while a special ceramic material stops it from getting damaged by radiation. "Space projects are usually very big," an anonymous Beijing-based space scientist told SCMP. "A typical mission involves hundreds or even thousands of individuals. But the competition in space is essentially a competition over some very small but extremely important details." "The ion thruster is one of those areas where the devil is in the detail,” the scientist added. READ MORE: How China’s space station could help power astronauts to Mars [South China Morning Sea] More on ion thrusters: This Mini Ion Thruster Is Adorably Tiny Share This Article 
Amazon may have little security drones it wants to fly through your house, but what it doesn't have is the online courses you need to get ahead in your career and understand the latest tech. And for a limited time, all of these courses are just $20 each, so act fast Spreadsheets are some of the most effective and widely used forms of organization in the modern business world. Learn functions, data analysis, modeling, and power query from the team at Excel Maven, at a savings of 99%. For a limited time The Professional Microsoft Excel Certification Training Bundle is on sale for only $20. Master one of the most flexible, powerful coding languages whether you're a total newbie or experienced programmer with help from the teams at Mammoth Interactive and Zenva Academy. Rated 4/5 stars by over 100 verified purchasers, The Complete Python Certification Bootcamp is available for only $20 for a limited time. Learn how investors view stocks, cryptocurrency, and other assets, and how to analyze and trade them like a professional, and save 98%. For a limited time, The Complete Stock & Cryptocurrency Investment Toolkit Bundle costs $20. Experienced electrical engineer Ahmed Mahdy will show you the basics of circuits, and then build on that foundation to explore substations, solar farms, and more. For a limited time, The Ultimate Electrical Power Engineer Preparation Program Bundle is on sale for just $20. Investing professional Travis Rose explains how to read, and use, complex fiscal analysis tools over five courses, and save 98%. The Ultimate Candlestick Trading & Analysis Masterclass Bundle is on sale for $20 for a limited time. Google-certified teacher Daragh Walsh lays out how Google Analytics works, and how to draw conclusions from the waterfall of data it gives you. The Google Analytics Master Class Bundle is on sale for $20 for a limited time. Amazon business experts Brock Johnson, Ryan Ford, and Bryan Guerra lay out how to design, launch, and fulfill on Amazon, from building your storefront to managing complex logistics. The 2021 Complete Amazon Dropshipping & Private Label Master Class Bundle is available at the cost of just $20 for a limited time. Learn how to build and scale a Shopify site for any product in this seven course bundle. The 2021 Complete Shopify Dropshipping Bundle is on sale for just $20 for a limited time. Discover penetration testing, social engineering, and other web safety tools from top white-hat hackers across nearly twenty courses that touch every aspect of ethical hacking, all while saving 99%. The All-In-One 2021 Super-Sized Ethical Hacking Bundle costs just $20 for a limited time. Master graphics, game AI, in-app purchases, mobile design, and much more from working game developers, while saving 99%. The 2021 Premium Unity Game Developer Certification Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Whether you want to build websites or crunch massive datasets, there's something for everyone in the 119 hours of classes in this bundle. The Master Learn to Code 2021 Certification Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Let experienced musicians and guitar teachers show you how to rock out and take it acoustic with courses exploring the basics to mastering licks up to genres like jazz and blues. The Complete 2021 Beginner to Expert Guitar Lessons Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Adobe experts take you through each program in the Adobe Creative Cloud with courses that dig deep into each one so you can get the most from them. The 2021 Complete All-in-One Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Certification Course Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Dig deep into R, Linux, data science programming, and more with code-along projects taught by data scientists and experts. The 2021 Complete Compute Science Training Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Get your start with Swift, Java, React and more as working mobile developers show you the tricks of the trade. The Complete Mobile & App Development Bundle is on sale for just $20 for a limited time. Explore the different genres of fiction and develop your own voice with classes from experienced writers. The 2021 Complete Creative Writer's Workshop Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Prep for your certification exam and delve into Azure, Kubernetes, and Amazon Web Services (AWS), taught by the engineers building these systems. For a limited time, The 2021 Complete AWS DevOps Engineer Certification Bundle is only $20. Start automating your home, your tasks, and everything else with these projects you can build right out of the gate to teach you about microcontrollers and engineering. The Internet of Things & ESP32 Arduino Beginners Course Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Master more productive habits, clobber procrastination and negativity, and communicate effectively with these courses from Insider School founder Brandon Hakim. The 2021 Productivity Master Class Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Develop a deeper understanding of smart contracts, blockchains, and the fundamentals of cryptocurrency from cutting-edge crypto developers. The Cryptocurrency with Ethereum & Solidity Blockchain Developer Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Get help acing the exams for your CCNA, CCNP, and CompTIA Cloud and Security certifications from data network professionals. The Premium CompTIA & Cisco Networking Certification Prep Bundle is only $20 for a limited time. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Science has come a long way since the first sports drink was debuted over 40 years ago. Today, people want a drink that has all the benefits of a sports drink, but without all the unnecessary filler ingredients like sugar, especially with more than 50 percent of Americans looking to lose pandemic pounds. Between returning to work, getting back to your routine at the gym, and being social, it's almost as if your body needs something extra to keep it going. So if you're looking for a way to stay hydrated, boost your immune system, and decrease stress and fatigue--then you need to know about Barcode, the drink developed by experts and vetted by pros that utilizes the power of adaptogens. Barcode is a plant-based beverage, formulated with ingredients sourced from plants, and powered by adaptogens that help you reach your full potential. Each sip allows you to feel like everything is falling right into place as your body adapts to stress, increases stamina, and your immune system is boosted. That's because Barcode is filled with healthy vitamins and minerals, as well as, adaptogens. Adaptogens are the plant and mushroom extracts that work like magic to help your body manage stress and rebalance your system. The result is a drink designed to take your performance to the next level but is only 30 calories in total. Barcode is a vegan drink made from all-natural ingredients that boost your health naturally. Its formula is the key to its success. It was developed by the people leading the conversation on health and wellness: the nutritionists and trainers guiding our generation's elite athletes. Through this relationship, Barcode formulated a drink intended to lower stress while enhancing your performance. And it all starts with Adaptogens. Adaptogens are plant and mushroom extracts that help your body react to or recover from both short- and long-term physical or mental stress. They're also designed to help restore your body back to its natural balance. Next, there's Vitamin D to aid in recovery, stress, and muscle strength. As well as, Magnesium to enhance the body's regulatory system, balance mood, and boost metabolism. And B-Vitamins to magnify endurance and energy production. Plus, it contains only 2 grams of natural sugars sourced from Monk Fruit. Barcode benefits are only elevated by how good it tastes. Finally, a sports drink that's actually healthy and refreshing. And it tastes incredible. The Watermelon and Lemon Lime flavors are all-natural and lightly flavored so they're never overpowering or artificial tasting like some sports drinks. And both are made with ultra-purified water and 100-percent pure coconut concentrate to support hydration. Plus, if you order now, you'll get free shipping on every order over $50 with shipments going out in 3-to-5 days. And if you're not 100-percent satisfied with your purchase, Barcode will do whatever it takes to make you happy. All you have to do is contact them. So what are you waiting for? Order a 12-pack of Barcode to decrease stress and increase your performance. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's a breadth of great deals online, and to find unique pieces of technology that are better priced than anywhere else on the internet, check out this roundup. Skip the stuff sent to you from the despair closet. For a limited time, get these better-than-Amazon tech deals for fitness, safety, and a lot more. With bidirectional alerts, one touch find, and three colors, the Nut Mini Tracker (pictured above) will keep your stuff where you can find it. Get a set of three for $27.99(reg. $60), a savings of 53%. This desktop garden and aquarium turns your desk into an ecosystem. Bring the earth to your desk for $148.98  (reg. $179), a savings of 19%. Speed up recovery and give your legs a break with a combination of gentle heat and pressure that soothes muscles and encourages circulation. Get the AIR-C + Heat for $169.99 (reg. $189), and save 10%. Always be ready to work out with these straps that can go in a suitcase or over your door. Get the NOSSK Twin Pro Suspension Fitness Strap Trainer for $39.99 (reg. $47), a savings of 16%. With cooling tech on both the surface and in the core of the mattress, you can sleep without the sweat. Pick up GhostBed's Luxe 13" Cooling Mattress for $1221.99 (reg. $1745) and save 29%. This is Amazon's favorite cordless vacuum, and its rated 4.1/5 stars by verified purchasers. Yet you can hoover up the JASHEN v18 350W vacuum for a lower-than-Amazon price of $189.99 (reg. $350), a discount of 45%. Bring twelve watts of surround sound with you wherever you go with this portable Bluetooth speaker. Put the TREBLAB HD7 in your pocket for $49.99 (reg. $79) and save 37%. Don't mask odors, destroy them with the pocket-sized power of UV-C light and high grade filtration. The VentiFresh ECO is on sale for $50 (reg. $72), a savings of 30%. Make even the oldest air conditioner a smart one with this easy-to-use WiFi controller, which connects to your AC and gives it Wi-Fi and app connectivity. Put the Cielo Breez in your home for $62.99 (reg. $99), and save 36%. This multitasker becomes a full grill, a griddle, a panini press, a waffle iron, a contact grill, and half grill and half griddle, perfect for saving space in tight kitchens.  The Yedi 6-in-1 is on sale for $106.99 (reg. $115), 6% off. Map your favorite runs, track your heart rate, active minutes and steps with ease using Fitbit's highly configurable fitness tracker. Put the Fitbit Ionic on your wrist for $185 (reg. $249), a savings of 25%. Ditch the pinhole and give your meeting look an upgrade with 1080p resolution and automatic video adjustment and filtering. Install the EssentialTech Workspace HD Webcam on your laptop for $58.99 (reg. $79) and save 26%. Sweep, lift, and vacuum for a deep clean that gets into even the hardest-to-reach places with this refurbished robotic vacuum. The ECOVACS DEEBOT 601 is on sale for $109.99 (reg. $349), a savings of 68%. Collect and feed your French bulldogs while swiping your friends' pooches  in this fast-paced and funny card game. Adopt Farting Frenchies for $19.99 (reg. $24), and save 20%. Save space while making a statement and setting just the right mood with this LED lamp that tucks into a corner. Get the Lamp Depot Minimalist LED Corner Floor Lamp for $89.99 (reg. $149), and save 40%. When you can't bring your guitar with you to practice, this AI-powered instrument trainer will keep you sharp. Get the PocketGuitar AI Guitar for $34.95 (reg. $40), a savings of 12%. Have gorgeous 4K resolution handy for your laptop, phone, or console in a monitor you can tuck next to your laptop. Pick up UPERFECT's 15.6' 4K monitor for $314.99 (reg. $339), and save 7%. No outlet? No problem with this battery-powered 15.6" full HD monitor. Add the UPERFECT Battery Portable Monitor to your road warrior kit for $312.99, (reg. $339), and save 7%. Practice your swing anywhere, on any course, with your phone and this golf trainer and simulator. Put the PhiGolf Golf Simulator and Swing Stick in your bag for $179.99 (reg. $249), a discount of 27%. Get 25 hours of true wireless audio with noise cancellation that stays secure and comfortable. Get the Raycon E50 Bluetooth 5.0 earbuds for $64.99 (reg. $119), and save 45%. Use bone conduction and sound recognition with 36 levels of intensity to gently stop snoring. The VVFLY Smart Snore Eye Mask is $58.95 (reg. 99), a savings of 40%. Leave your ears open and your music securely on your head with six hours of battery life. Get the Zulu Exero Bone Conduction headphones for $39.99 (reg. $49), and save 20%. Put both 4K and 1080p flying video in your pocket with this easy-to-fly drone. Buy The Ninja Dragon Vortex 9 Quadcopter Drone for $79.99 (reg. $149), a savings of 46%. Put a unique design on your wall while gaining total control of the light around you. The Protean Color Changing Wall Light is available for $84.95 (reg. $139), a discount of 39%. Kick up the flavor of your water with fruit and herbs, while the built-in strainer keeps particles out. Get the OASIS Fruit Infusion Water Flask for $32.95 (reg. $39), a savings of 17%. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Try as they might, there are some experiences e-commerce giants can't improve on. Even the cashier-less stores turn out to have cashiers, after all. There's one retail experience in particular, wholesale, that lends itself to brick and mortar, and right now, you can join Sam's Club for 50% off now, and get a chicken and cupcakes on top of your savings. Sam's Club is a membership warehouse club under the Wal-Mart umbrella, which is its key advantage. Since the parent company has a huge supply chain and is able to buy products at a scale most of us can't imagine, it gets a volume discount. In turn, customers shopping at the club are able to take advantage of the scale, either by buying in bulk, or in the case of products like electronics, taking advantage of the wholesale price to save on more expensive items. For many warehouse customers, they often save the price of their membership just on the discounts for items they go through every week. In addition, all members get access to Instant Savings, which trim dollars off the already low warehouse price; access to the Sam's Club Mastercard; and at some locations, you can even get savings on gas. With 597 locations nationwide, it's easy to get to, but if you can't make it, or simply have too much to haul in one trip, you can order online and have it delivered. Especially for busy families that need to keep supplies and food at the ready, it makes life simpler. And, right now, you can even get a square meal with your membership. When you buy a rotisserie chicken and a set of gourmet cupcakes, the cost is automatically taken off your order as a new customer. Normally, a year-long membership at Sam's Club (rated 5/5 stars by over 600 verified purchasers) would cost $57, but right now, you can sign up for just $20, saving on an already low price with a deal that you cannot find on Amazon. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
More and more investors are looking to cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin as a way to earn big returns on their money. While no one knows what the future holds, those who adopted Bitcoin early have already seen the value of their holdings skyrocket. And if you're interested investing for retirement, Bitcoin IRA is an easy, convenient way for you to make sure you don’t get left behind in a crypto-focused future. If you’re new to investing or to serious retirement planning, you may not already know that IRA stands for Individual Retirement Account, which is a special way to save money for your retirement with its own major tax breaks. There are different varieties of IRAs, with different rules depending on your factors like your employment status or income level. But basically, regardless of what kind of IRA you have, the idea is to grow your wealth and keep it safe for your future. One advantage to an IRA is that you aren’t limited to cash deposits, and they can be funded with all kinds of financial products including stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and now thanks to Bitcoin IRA, cryptocurrencies. You might assume that you need to be a crypto expert to start a Bitcoin IRA, but really it’s designed to be user friendly and intuitive for almost anyone, regardless of investment skill or experience level. With a Bitcoin IRA, you can get the same tax breaks on cryptocurrency investments that you can with any other investment. They’re also governed by the same rules as traditional IRAs, with at least one pretty significant exception: where most IRAs have a contribution cap at $6,000 a year, a Bitcoin IRA has no such restriction, so you can invest as much of your money you want into it. You can’t transfer any crypto holdings you already have into your Bitcoin IRA, but you can transfer any existing IRAs or other retirement savings accounts you may have with no penalties or other fees. Even though the trading platform is designed to be user-friendly, this stuff can and more than likely will get complicated. Fortunately, when you invest in a Bitcoin IRA, you’ll have access to a pool of experts who will help you along every step of the way and answer any questions that might come up. They’ll help you fund your account for the first time and even walk you through making your first trade. And it’s not just bitcoin that you can trade through your Bitcoin IRA. The platform offers a plethora of other cryptocurrencies as well, including Ethereum (ETH), Ripple (XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Stellar Lumens (XLM), Zcash (ZEC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum Classic (ETC), and Digital Gold (DG). You’ve read about fortunes being made on the cryptocurrency market, so maybe it’s time to try and add your name to the list in a financially responsible, long-term fashion. To get started, head over to the Bitcoin IRA site right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The average worker spends 13 hours a day staring at a digital screen. Then, they spend their downtime concentrating on their tablet, phone or television. That's a lot of hours to be focused on a screen. Especially since the LEDs used to emit light from these screens are a visual stressor that causes eye strain. This screen time eye stress can manifest as any of the following symptoms, or a combination of them: eye fatigue, itching, irritation or burning, dry eyes, teary or watery eyes, blurry or double vision, difficulty  focusing, and sensitivity to light or glare. In fact, studies show as many as 90% of people who use a computer screen for work suffer from a kind of digital eye strain better known as Computer Vision Syndrome. Not only that, but you're actually more likely to develop digital eye strain if you already suffer from some sort of strained vision like needing glasses and not wearing them, or wearing glasses with the wrong prescription. So if you're one of the 90-percent of people who experiences the effects of using digital screens, you need to know about the revolutionary supplement Qualia Vision. Qualia Vision is a supplement designed to support healthy vision and help protect your eyes from the strain caused by too much screen time. It supports and protects the health, resistance, and resilience of your visual system and helps your eyes cope with the challenges of the digital age. Qualia Vision supports eye health, visual performance, and resistance to visual fatigue and eye strain. With a formula that's fine-tuned for people who spend hours  in front of devices with screens (e.g., smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs, video games, e-book readers, etc) and want affordable protection from the eye stress that using these devices can cause. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15% discount.) What makes Qualia Vision different is that most vision products only emphasize a part of the eye, usually the macula. Qualia Vision supports the entire visual system, providing plant-based pigments, vision super fruits and spices, eye-essential vitamins, and amino acid support. How does it do this? The formula offers blue-light protection, boosting vision antioxidants and providing ingredients to soothe the surface of the eyes and help with eye muscle endurance. And because of Qualia Vision's unmatched cognitive expertise, they combined eye ingredients that have nootropic benefits to enhance cognition. Qualia Vision combines 9 carefully selected ingredients—vision antioxidants, blue-light protective ingredients, vision super fruits, Ayurvedic and Traditional Chinese Medicine eye rejuvenators, vision spices, and nootropics—to support healthy visual function and screen time stress resistance. These ingredients include: Qualia Vision is extremely affordable. It's just $19.75 for your first shipment, and $32.95 thereafter. But the company is so confident in their product, they offer a 100-day money back guarantee. That's right, if you do not love Qualia Vision for any reason, simply get in touch with them and they'll give you a full refund. So what are you waiting for? Say goodbye to tired, fatigued eyes by purchasing your first bottle of Qualia Vision, today. And don't forget to use coupon code PROD15 at checkout for a 15% discount. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's bedtime, but you know you won't be sleeping since your significant other snores. If you're partners with one of the 50-percent of men or 24-percent of women who snore, you already know the strain it can have on your relationship. In fact, snoring is the third leading cause of divorce in the United States with 56-percent of snorer's partners claiming it has an adverse effect on their well being. However, more than affecting the quality of relationships, snoring impacts the quality of the snorer's sleep and therefore their life. If you or someone you love is looking for a solution to diminish sleep apnea or snoring-related sleep issues, you need to know about the SleepTight Mouthpiece. SleepTight Mouthpiece was designed to stop snoring so you and the ones you love can sleep better. The original SleepTight Mouthpiece was developed by US dentist, Dr. Mike Williams, a member of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine, and Paul Swann who was the chief designer and developer for the largest mouthguard company in the world, located in the UK. For several years the two collaborated frequently on snoring and OSA solutions. They decided to design and develop a mouthpiece designed to help people around the globe breathe better so they could sleep at night. After evaluating thousands of customers' feedback from around the world, SleepTight Mouthpiece was born. Over the years, thanks to feedback from users, the design has improved so that it's a foolproof solution for people who snore or suffer from sleep apnea with the new and improved SleepTight Mouthpiece. Research has proven that snoring is reduced when your airway remains open. Sleep apnea, one of the leading causes of snoring, occurs when you stop breathing at night. Because of this, mild and moderate cases of sleep apnea can be treated by keeping your airway open. Most people who snore do so because their airway collapses due to their muscles relaxing, which initiates the vibrations that cause snoring. In order to help you manage your snoring, SleepTight Mouthpiece holds your lower jaw forward so your muscles never relax, your airway remains open and you don't snore. When you receive your FDA-cleared boil and bite SleepTight Mouthpiece it will include everything you need to get a good night's sleep starting that very night. That includes one SleepTight Mouthpiece, one mouthpiece storage case, one airway fitting handle, and easy fitting instructions. When you open the package, take out your SleepTight Mouthpiece and complete the easy-to-fit process that takes 5 minutes or less. Simply, boil some water, pour that water into a cup, and let it sit for a minute. Then dip the mouthpiece into the water for 3 minutes, remove it from the hot water, and if it's not too hot, place it into your mouth to begin the fitting process.  Once the mouthpiece has been fit to your mouth, you simply insert it and finally get some sleep. It's just that easy. So what are you waiting for? With the SleepTight Mouthpiece, you'll finally get the rest your body needs so you and the ones you love can feel more refreshed. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Check out these deals you can't find on Amazon, each of which features a highly rated digital subscription that could change your life. Build security for your computer, build strength for yourself, and accomplish so much more with these amazing purchases. These are the best prices you'll find online. This browser-based graphic design software, pictured above, blends easily with HubSpot, Marketo, and other platforms. You can save big on Design Wizard Pro: Lifetime Subscription (valued at $599), as it's available for just $39 for a limited time. . Pinstriped takes notes on your remote calls and meetings so you don't have to, and encrypts messages to keep them safe. You can get a lifetime of note-taking services for $39.99, 86% off the $300 MSRP. This AI-powered resume builder can help you turn out resumes and cover letters with ease. Give employment the best chance possible while you can save 94% on Rezi, and get it for just $29. Remove annoying ads and block trackers with AdGuard's suite of tools. This lifetime subscription is currently $29, 76% off the MSRP, and a great value for protection we all need. Don't limit yourself to your country's local servers, and basic encryption services. Protect your data with KeepSolid's 400 servers, wide range of VPN protocols, and military-grade encryption, and do it all for $39.99, 80% off a lifetime subscription. We all forget which passwords go to which accounts, and in our increasingly digital world, this issue is only growing. Cyclonis puts all your passwords in one heavily encrypted, serving as your protected digital keychain for $29, 83% off its total value.  Kirim validates the email addresses you market to, so you're never wasting your time. Now available at $39.99, 75% off its total value, this lifetime subscription will help in saving money for your business as well. iMazing syncs your iOS devices to make it simple to browse and manage backups, print out texts and transfer files. This versatile and well-reviewed program does it all for $19.99, which is 55% off its total value. With a 4.8 out of 5 on the App Store, Speakly combines linguistic science with algorithmic learning to teach you eight different languages. For a limited time, you can start sharpening your skills for just $69.99, which is 82% off the list price of $44. Make professional, engaging videos with ease using Camtasia's editing flow and templates, and save money while doing it for $199,  which is 33% off. This deal also comes with an upgrade to Camtasia 2022 included when it arrives. If you're a dog lover, then you understand the indescribable joy of treating your four-legged companion to something special. DogTV is scientifically designed to be enriching and engaging for your pooch, and right now a lifetime subscription is $199, which 52% off the list value of $399. Learning how to start a business is daunting for most, but in reach for many. Get the education you need from top experts like Neil Patel and Steve Blank, as well as the software, and support you need to launch your own business for $49.99, which 85% off the total value of this lifetime subscription. People tend to associate technology with lethargy, but this app changes that. Ultrahuman combines fitness, sleep, and mindfulness into one app with experts and top coaches, and currently you can start getting fit for $79.99, which is 80% off a lifetime subscription. Protecting yourself online is an important thing these days, especially if that's where you do your business. Use AdGuard's tools to whitelist or blacklist sites, choose your own DNS server, and much more for $39.99, saving 88% from its list value of $359. We all want to travel, and we all want to score the best deal possible. Just set your departing airport, and Matt's Flights will give you cheap flights, one-on-one planning support, and instant access to the best deals, all for $29.99, 69% off the regular price of this premium year-long subscription. There are so many amazing things to watch today, the key is getting your streaming priorities in order. Tap into a huge library of channels, find deals on pay-per-view movies, and keep all your streaming info in one place for $99.99, which is 79% off the list price of $478. Apple products are versatile and widely popular, so if you have a computer, there's a lot of potential. Turn your Mac into a powerhouse with an easy dual boot to Windows, PDF management, a CRM, and more in this bundle of Mac apps that's just $49.99 (reg. $876). Keep your mind stimulated and put over 4,500 nonfiction books in your pocket with summaries curated by the authors themselves on text and audio. Use coupon code BLINK20 at checkout for 20% off this valuable subscription, bringing the total price down to a competitive $79.99. Bring your presentations to a new level with this advanced software that's built to create premium slides and decks. Powered by AI and designed with easy-to-use templates, Slidebean is also on sale for just $49.99, which is a steep drop from its total value of $1140. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Wondering if it's a good idea to buy rental property? You definitely should be. Single-family rental properties have always made outstanding investments. But right now, with a huge population of Millennials coming of age and starting their own households, this asset class is stronger than ever. Anyone looking to grow their wealth and build that nest egg needs to take advantage of this opportunity. The only question is, what’s the best way to go about doing that? As you probably know, the traditional method of buying and managing rental properties is not for the faint of heart. First you have to find a good realtor, research your local market, set your budget, and arrange financing. Then you have to visit and compare properties, calculate expected yields and returns, make offers, arrange inspections, and do a ton of paperwork. Finally, once you’ve actually acquired a property, you have to get it ready to rent, market it to suitable tenants, sign a lease, and carry out all the duties of a landlord. Given all that, it’s hardly a mystery why most people are nervous to invest their hard-earned money in rental properties. But here’s some good news. Buying rental property doesn’t have to be so hard. Thanks to innovative startups like Roofstock, today investing in real estate can be as easy as investing in the stock market. Traditionally the number one reason to buy rental property like SFRs is that they give you two different ways to make money. First, they generate income every month in the form of rent, which ideally will cover your mortgage and leave you with a little extra for a rainy day. Second, when chosen wisely, SFR investment properties appreciate in value over time, allowing you to either use that equity to refinance and buy more properties, or just make a nice profit when the time is right to sell. In addition to this unique dual cashflow, SFRs as an asset class offer a ton of stability. Studies based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, S&P 500 returns, and the U.S. Treasury show that investments in the SFR market offer similar returns to the stock market, but with considerably less volatility. There is also very little correlation between SFRs and the stock market, making them an excellent choice for investors who want to diversify their portfolios with assets that hedge against market downturns. In fact, some experts have gone so far as to declare the SFR market “recession-resistant.” Just look at the 2008 financial crisis, for example. The stock market crashed and overall home prices took a major hit when the U.S. housing bubble burst. However, SFR rent remained steady throughout the economic downturn, and in some markets it even grew. Of course, despite all these obvious benefits, a lot of investment experts still consider single-family rentals an “alternative” asset class. But now even that is starting to change. Over the last 20 years there has been a slow but steady shift in home ownership in the United States. According to one estimate, renter-occupied households have grown 29 percent since 2000, while owner-occupied households have grown just 17 percent during that same period. Much of this has to do with changing demographics. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2019 Millennials officially surpassed Baby Boomers as the largest living adult generation, and the rate of home ownership among Millennials is lower than with previous generations due to numerous social and economic factors. However, this trend has also been seriously accelerated by the pandemic. When the pandemic hit in the spring of 2020, and everyone was stuck in their homes 24/7, it triggered a significant shift in consumer preferences. People who previously had been happy in small urban spaces suddenly wanted larger homes so their families could spread out into backyards and home offices. However, this increase in demand contributed to a meteoric rise in housing prices that has made home ownership impossible for a lot of people. According to real estate analytics firm Attom Data Solutions, last year average earners in 43 percent of U.S. counties could afford to own a home there. Today, average earners in 55 percent of U.S. counties can’t afford to own a home there. With more people wanting bigger homes, but fewer people actually having enough cash for a down payment, the single-family rental market has exploded. Now, big-time institutional investors are taking an interest in an asset class previously dominated by small landlords. “Three years ago I would have said this was a fad,” Mike Clow, Executive Director for Greystar Real Estate Partners recently told Bloomberg. “But it’s become more prevalent because it’s filling a need for consumers.” Of course, the way big institutional investors approach the increased demand for single-family rentals is to actually build more single-family rentals. Right now it’s estimated that 4.5 percent of new home construction is being purpose-built for rentals, which is more than double the historical average. However, that’s not necessarily bad news for individual investors. Many build-to-rent developments are created with individual investors in mind. And some experts believe the percentage of newly built SFR properties sold directly to investors could hit 5 percent in the coming years. The other great thing about newly built SFR properties is that they are uniquely appealing to the new generation of Millennial renters looking for modern homes with all the latest amenities. “Imagine if consumers could only lease old cars, not new cars,” Rick Palacios Jr. of John Burns Real Estate Consultants recently told the Wall Street Journal. “That’s how single-family rentals have been.” What does all this mean for people looking to buy rental property? It means there has probably never been a better time to buy single-family rental properties than right now. Want to get in on the booming SFR market before it’s too late? You could go the traditional route, hire a real estate agent, and look for properties listed on MLS. But of course, if you do that, you’ll have a very limited selection of properties to choose from. And you will have to go look at each one of them in person. And you will have to do all your own research to figure out how each property would perform as a single-family rental. And once you make a purchase, you’ll be completely on your own. And it might take three-to-six months before you start making any money. Alternatively, you could make everything way easier on yourself and buy rental property with Roofstock. Roofstock is a comprehensive online platform created specifically to make investing in single-family rental properties radically simple and efficient. It uses state-of-the-art AI to curate an online marketplace of income-generating rental properties and gives buyers the high tech tools they need to shop for and purchase them online. Roofstock was founded by finance, real estate, and technology experts who understood the benefits of investing in the single-family rental market, but who also realized the process of buying, selling, and managing was in desperate need of an upgrade for the 21st century. In 2015, they set out to build a completely new model for investing in single-family real estate—a model that uses the latest technology to remove geographical and logistical barriers to investing in real estate, making it easier for anyone to buy properties, from anywhere, at any time. Today, Roofstock isn’t just the best way to buy investment properties online. It might just be the best way to buy investment properties period. Here’s why. About 70 percent of all rental properties in the United States are owned by investors who live no more than one hour away. However, this is only because most investors didn’t have the ability to own properties they couldn’t manage personally. The traditional method of buying real estate requires you to be there in person for just about every step of the process, leaving you with fewer options as a buyer. Today, Roofstock eliminates these limitations. Their online marketplace features high quality single-family rental properties located in different markets all across the country, and it allows you to purchase these properties from anywhere in the world. That means you don’t have to settle for rental properties in your area. You can invest in the hottest markets and maximize your returns. When you shop for investment properties the old-fashioned way, you have to rely on your realtor to find homes that meet your criteria. Then you have to go look at each one in person. In short, it takes a lot of time, and a lot of work, and you don’t have a lot of control. Luckily, Roofstock streamlines the entire process, making it radically efficient. As a prospective buyer, you can create custom searches and filter results based on extremely specific criteria, including things like estimated annual return, total return over the course of five, 10, 20, or 30 years, or expected appreciation. Prospective buyers can also use Roofstock’s built-in calculator to adjust the purchase price, down payment, and expected rent so you understand all their options. Can’t find a property that meets your exact criteria? No need to worry. New properties are added daily, and you can sign up to receive new listing alerts when properties meet your search parameters. When you shop for investment properties on MLS, you get very little information that would help you make an informed decision as an investor. However, with Roofstock you get all the analytics, tools, insights, and proprietary data you need to make informed choices right from the comfort of your living room couch. On the Roofstock marketplace, every single property has undergone the rigorous Roofstock Certification. What does that mean? It means every single listing includes pictures, floor plans, and 3D tours. Every single listing includes a property inspection report, independent valuation, title report, and insurance quotes, saving you the time and hassle of acquiring them yourself. Every single listing contains information about the current lease, tenants, and rent payment history. And every single listing contains a Roofstock Neighborhood Rating, which uses a proprietary algorithm to evaluate the neighborhood-specific risks and benefits of things like school district quality, employment rates, home values, and more. In addition to all these tools and analytics, every single property listed in the Roofstock marketplace also comes with the revolutionary Roofstock Guarantee. After you complete the purchase of a property, if you are not 100-percent satisfied within 30 days of closing, Roofstock will re-list the property and issue you a refund when the property sells again. In short, when you shop for rental properties on Roofstock, you get everything you need to invest with complete confidence. That’s why, to date, Roofstock has completed over $3 billion worth of real estate transactions. It’s very difficult to sell a rental property the old-fashioned way without removing tenants, or waiting until their lease expires. That means when you buy a property the old-fashioned way, you’re not going to make any money until you get it leased. And that could take some time. One of the best things about the Roofstock marketplace is that every single property has been selected for its ability to immediately generate income. In most cases that means the properties are already occupied by reliable tenants. Thus, when a sale closes and you officially take ownership of a property, you don’t have to spend any time or money to secure a lease. Instead, you start earning money on day one. Of course, not all properties on the Roofstock marketplace have tenants. However, most vacant properties are certified as “rent-ready” and covered by Roofstock’s industry-leading Lease Up Guarantee. If you purchase a vacant “rent-ready” property on the Roofstock marketplace, Roofstock guarantees you will get a signed lease within 45 days or they will cover rent for up to a year.  Try getting a guarantee like that from your real estate agent. Buying rental properties with Roofstock is unbelievably simple. As with any other kind of purchase, the first step is figuring out what you want, and what you can afford. After that, if you’re not paying cash, you’ll need to arrange your financing. Pre-approval is not required to buy properties on Roofstock, but it is highly recommended since it will strengthen any offers you make and help expedite the entire transaction. Whether or not you choose to get pre-approved before shopping, when it comes to financing, Roofstock gives you total flexibility. If you have a mortgage broker or lender you trust and want to use, you are free to arrange your own financing. All you have to do is upload your pre-approval letter via the Roofstock app. However, because Roofstock is a comprehensive full-service platform, you also have the option to apply for financing directly through Roofstock. They have a pool of trusted lending partners that often offer preferred rates to Roofstock users. And of course, one of the advantage of going this route is that, if you have any questions or run into any difficulties, Roofstock has a team of experts ready to assist you. Once you have set your budget and arranged your financing, simply use Roofstock’s intuitive and powerful search tools to find properties that meet your criteria. When you’ve found a property you like and you’re ready to buy, there’s no need to call an agent, sign a mountain of paperwork, or fax or email a bunch of attachments. All you do is click the button that says make an offer. Making an offer on Roofstock is absolutely free. If your offer is accepted, you will be charged a “market fee” equal to 0.5% of the contract price or $500, whichever is higher. This fee helps cover the costs of certification and underwriting, as well as the other professional support Roofstock provides. And it is the only fee you will pay when you purchase a rental property through Roofstock. As you probably know, closing a real estate transaction is a complicated and stressful process involving a lot of deadlines and paperwork. Luckily, Roofstock makes that easier, too. This is partly because Roofstock performs the due diligence on properties prior to their even being listed. However, Roofstock also makes closing easier by providing a team of experts to guide you through escrow and give you all the support you need until the place is officially yours. Typically, the entire process takes just 15 days for cash sales and 30 days for financed sales. That’s about 40-percent faster than the average time it takes to close on a property purchased the old-fashioned way. Being a landlord is not easy. It takes a lot of time and a lot of knowledge most people just don’t have, which is the number one reason why so many investors don’t even bother with real estate. But Roofstock makes being a landlord easy thanks to their established network of fully vetted and highly skilled property managers. Of course, if you buy rental property in your area and you want to manage it personally, you are free to do that. However, for anyone who wants to invest in out-of-market properties that offer better returns, or those who simply don’t want the hassle of doing it all themselves, Roofstock’s nationwide network of property management firms is an invaluable asset. These firms have been specially selected for their experience in operating properties as investments, and they have specialized knowledge of their local markets. They can handle all the administrative and operational tasks required, including marketing, leasing, repairs, maintenance, bookkeeping, tax reporting, and tenant relations. That leaves you free to focus on building and optimizing your portfolio instead of interviewing prospective tenants and fixing clogged sinks. Roofstock has over 85 property managers that have been fully vetted and are monitored for ongoing performance. If you want to make use of their services, simply indicate this to Roofstock’s service and transition team during closing, and they will put you in touch with management companies in your area. Ready to move on from a property so you can start expanding your SFR portfolio? Well, Roofstock isn’t just the best place to buy rental properties. It’s also the best place to sell them. When you list a property on Roofstock’s marketplace, you get access to a global network of investors who want exactly the kind of properties you are selling. You’re not limited to investors in your area, and you don’t have to deal with people who don’t know what they’re doing. Roofstock also makes selling rental properties more affordable. Because they don’t require showings or open houses, so long as your property meets industry standards, you don’t have to spend as much on staging and upgrades. And because you don’t have to remove tenants or wait until a lease expires to sell, you get to keep collected rent right up until closing. Then there’s the commission. When you hire a realtor to sell your rental property the old-fashioned way, you’re typically going to pay a 6-percent commission. However, when you use Roofstock to sell your rental property, you’re only on the hook for 3 percent. Needless to say, all these savings can add up pretty quickly. Suppose you want to sell a SFR property worth $100,000 that brings in $1,200 per month in rent. If you hire a realtor and list the property on MLS, you would most likely lose three months worth of rent while the property is for sale. That’s $3,600. Meanwhile, the average capital expenditure to prepare a property for sale through MLS is 2 percent. That’s $2,000. And last but not least, there’s the 6-percent brokerage commission. That’s $6,000. So, on average, it will cost you about $11,600 to sell a $100,000 rental property when you do it the old-fashioned way. But with Roofstock you only have to worry about the 3-percent commission. That means, on a $100,000 rental property, you’re saving $8,600. Need help figuring out exactly when to sell and when to buy rental property? Worried about making rookie mistakes and flushing your hard-earned money down the proverbial toilet? Roofstock can help you with that, too, with their Roofstock Academy training program. Created by experts who have decades of experience in SFR, Roofstock Academy is a hands-on training program that will teach you how to avoid costly mistakes when you buy rental property and become a successful real estate investor. Roofstock Academy offers one-on-one coaching, group coaching, private and group chats and forums, and over 50 hours of on-demand lectures covering SFR investment strategies for both beginners and experts alike. Right now the demand for single-family rental properties has never been higher. And with more modern, highly desirable SFR properties being developed every day, now is the perfect time to buy. Don’t miss out on your chance to grow your wealth because you’re scared to try something new. Roofstock is a groundbreaking online marketplace with a global network of real estate investors that gives you the tools, information, and expert support you need to buy properties online with total confidence. Whether you are totally new to the single-family rental market and are looking to buy your very first investment property, or you’re a seasoned pro just looking for a way to make it easier, you need to take a look at Roofstock. Signing up with them could be the smartest financial decision you’ll ever make. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As video games increasingly bleed into the real world, learning how to develop your own is becoming easier. New tools, like the Unity development environment, and new methods of getting games in front of players have opened it up to artists, educators, and even more. This Build A Bundle deal will bring you into the gaming revolution, on your terms. Developed by Zenva Academy, which has a 4.4/5 instructor rating, and is dedicated to teaching code through game design and other fun approaches, each of the 20 courses you can choose have been developed around learning by doing. Over the course of each, you'll build a video game to learn both the coding and the art behind making something people can't put down. Each course offers downloadable project files, so you can keep tinkering with your game when you've finished the course, and experiment with new approaches and mechanics. So why build a bundle? To choose the games and genres you're most interested in. While learning to make any game will sharpen your coding and design skills, if you enjoy playing what you build, you'll get more out of the course. That's why the bundle is built on a sliding scale. You can try three courses for free, add two more for just $1, buy seven courses for $5, or ten courses for $8. Want the whole bundle? That's just $15, saving you 85% off the MSRP. This unique payment structure helps make this bundle an affordable, quality collection of educational materials. You also have your choice of engines, including Unreal, Phaser, Godot, and Unity, making first-person shooters, RPGs, platformers, and new versions of arcade classics. Whether you already know what game you want to make, or just want to try new development environments, it's ideal for anyone who wants to learn more about coding and gaming, and for families to learn how the games they love work. Prices subject to change. Share This Article 
June's here, which means Father's Day is right around the corner. And after the past year, celebrating with dad is one of the best gifts we could have in 2021. Your number one guy has been there for you through thick and thin, gifting you a combination of awesome life advice, amazing technical advice, and awful dad jokes. The best way to return the favor is with an unparalleled Father's Day gift. But if you're not quite sure what to get the special man in your life, relax and leave the work to us. Whether you'll be celebrating over Zoom or have the good fortune to spend the day with the big guy himself, you'll be sure to wow him with one of these specially curated Father's Day gifts. If the past couple of years have taken a toll on dad's stress levels, resulting in countless nights of lost sleep, you need to get him the Apollo Neuro Wearable Stress Relief Device. You probably already know that stress impacts humans' bodies and minds in countless ways, namely in our ability to fall and stay asleep. With Apollo Neuro dad's sleepless nights will be in the past. That's because Apollo’s scientifically validated technology uses gentle vibrations to improve our resilience to stress, so dad can get to sleep, focus, and recover from his day, faster than ever. The main way Apollo Neuro does this is by improving our Heart Rate Variability (HRV), which measures the rate of change of the heartbeat over time. This restores balance to the nervous system, giving dad control over daily stressors so he can wind down, relax and fall asleep easier. The Dewzi's Portable Hygiene Kit comes equipped with everything dad needs to stay clean and feel fresh anywhere. Made with Oeko-Tex® certified medical-grade cloth, Dewzi wipes are 100-percent tree-free, naturally antibacterial, and ultra-durable so he can use them multiple times as hand wipes or for surface cleaning. And the only thing necessary to activate the Dewzi wipes is a tablespoon of water. Plus, he can fill the reusable travel dispenser with water or liquid hand sanitizer to pair with these amazing wipe tablets to bring a boost of hygiene with him at all times. (Futurism Readers: Use coupon code “PROD15” for 15% off your purchase.) Like most Baby Boomers, your dad is living longer than any other generation. But the marker of a good life is thriving in your golden years. The easiest way for dad to accomplish this is through abundant cell energy to promote better aging, which Qualia Life Optimized Aging Supplement is formulated to do. Their team of researchers, scientists, and doctors rigorously blended 36 ingredients to synergistically support a cell’s ability to make more energy so dad can accomplish anything he wants regardless of how long he's been on this planet. Qualia Life uniquely upregulates NAD+ and ATP while supporting dozens of other processes and pathways within the body. More cell energy leads to sounder sleep, increased productivity, better workouts, more capacity to handle stress, and an overall whole-system upgrade. And don't forget to use coupon code “PROD15” for 15% off your purchase. This Father's Day turn your dad into a Crypto King with Coinmine. It's the first all-in-one crypto hardware for everyone and makes mining for crypto easier than ever. All dad has to do is plug it in, power it on, and connect to wifi to start mining, no computer experience required. The setup and control of Coinmine is easy thanks to Coinmine's App. It allows anyone to instantly switch what they're mining, review earnings, withdraw and receive from the in-app wallets, and much more. Plus, it mines for the biggest cryptocurrencies available right now. This includes Bitcoin, Ethereum, Grin, Monero, Zcash, and Handshake. Give dad the gift of wellness with HigherDose's Infrared Sauna Blanket V3. With it, dad will be able to get all the benefits of a workout while simply relaxing. The Infrared Sauna Blanket V3 increases the body’s thermal energy to promote a temporary increase in blood flow, so dad's body thinks it's out on a run while he's simply chilling out and relaxing. Most importantly, it's got all the benefits of an infrared sauna without dad ever needing to leave the house. After tucking his body into the Infrared Sauna Blanket V3, he'll relax into the soothing, yet stimulating heat, while infrared also provides an uplifting sensation. The result? A healthy, rejuvenating experience that'll leave him feeling super euphoric by simply taking a break. If dad's been dabbling in CBD during the pandemic, Oklahoma Smokes Hemp Smokes are just what he needs to help take the edge off while leaving him highly functional. These hemp flower (CBD) smokes are designed to help people relax while satisfying the urge to smoke. They are tobacco-free, nicotine-free, and additive-free.  Oklahoma Smokes uses use all-natural, organically-grown hemp flower, rich in CBD, which provides a satisfying and smooth smoke. They double lab test their hemp to ensure they contain zero chemicals, additives, toxins, or pesticides. Plus, Oklahoma Smokes are designed to look just like cigarettes. Making them good for all-day use anywhere, anytime dad needs to unwind. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The first step to feeling confident is feeling secure. But it's hard to be secure if you're worried about body odor. That's why most people have incorporated an antiperspirant or deodorant into their daily routine. However, with all the conflicting information linking the aluminum used in these products to cancer, many people are being forced to choose between smelling good and feeling safe. But thanks to OffCourt Body Spray, a deodorizing product that uses all-natural ingredients and also smells incredible, you don't have to choose. OffCourt makes premium products for active men who sweat and shower frequently. Their prebiotic deodorant sprays are formulated to fight sweat’s side effects: dehydration and odor-causing bacteria. They do this by using prebiotics, which support the growth of “good” bacteria, keeping the odor-causing kind in check. It's also aluminum-free, with odor-controlling active ingredients that regulate odor production while powerful deodorizing agents trap stinky smells at their source. That's because OffCourt is obsessed with science-backed ingredients that stand up to odor while sacrificing filler ingredients that would spike their product's price. The result is an affordable body spray that keeps you fresh and dry, but also smelling fantastic. OffCourt products are designed to smell really, really good and not in an overpowering, mask-the-odors-at-all-costs kind of way. Unfortunately, great-smelling products typically have huge premiums to match. However, OffCourt believes smelling good shouldn’t be reserved for special occasions— so they formulated cost-effective scents that smell like a million bucks, but cost anything but. The result is three timeless scents you'll love wearing for superficial reasons... like smelling great. Coconut + Sandalwood: With this scent, black pepper wakes you up while sandalwood draws you in. It's a fresh and woody scent that sustains all day, while fresh coconut water and the energizing citrus of bergamot keep things from getting too heavy. Fig Leaves + White Musk: There are two sides to fig, and this is the verdant, green leafy side, not the overripe sweet fruit side. All that green is balanced by white musk, which brings the clean feeling of a freshly laundered white t-shirt. Fresh Citron + Driftwood: OffCourt's lightest and cleanest scent, it's a combination of mandarin, grapefruit, and lemon that blend together seamlessly. It's balanced with crisp green apple, and subtle driftwood for depth and body.  The result is a scent as refreshing as a cold shower after an epic run. The Trio Pack has an answer for every mood – from a quick blast of freshness to all-day staying power. The Performance Body Spray gets noticed for its fresh scents, but it’s more than just odor-masking-fragrance-in-a-can. It’s OffCourt's innovative, aluminum-free deodorant formulated with powerful prebiotics and three deodorizing ingredients to fight body odor at its source. Most importantly, with The Trio, you get all three OffCourt scents including Coconut + Sandalwood, Fig Leaves + White Musk, and Fresh Citron + Driftwood. So go ahead and leave your sweat on the field (or the rink, the bike, the slopes... or just your commute). OffCourt's got you covered every time you step off the court. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Python is the language that drives much of what we do online and at work, whether we're managing data or just dealing with people doing it for the 'gram. It's the system behind popular social media sites, industrial data management, and a lot more. The Complete 2021 Python Expert Super Bundle is designed to help you master this powerful, flexible coding language, whether you're a complete beginner or looking to brush up for your career. Valued at $3,540, it's on sale now for just $59.99. If you're completely new to coding, you can start by learning the fundamentals of programming using code-along Python projects as an example. Then you can move into the basics of Python more specifically, including data types and variables, operations, iterations, loops, and adding logic to the mix. Finally, learn how Python manipulates data by reading and writing files, and how object-oriented programming works, so you can start coding your own projects. Know the basics and want to start coding? Start with two courses on Python's Standard Library, which simplifies building projects with modules that automate repetitive and common coding tasks. When you're comfortable there, move on to learning about community code, a library that offers more specific code to solve certain tasks or problems. It'll save you time and frustration, and make your code more elegant at the same time. These courses have been rated an average of 4.4/5 stars by students. With that under your belt, the bundle moves into more advanced topics such as how Python handles networking tasks, using Python for cybersecurity purposes, and most importantly, how the language organizes and processes enormous data sets to help you find patterns and conclusions amid the noise with data modeling, representation, and serialization. By the time you finish the bundle, you'll have a much deeper appreciation of how this code works, and why it's so popular. Generally, this bundle would cost $3540, but right now, you can save 98% and get all twelve courses for $59.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Despite last-minute warnings from the Federal Aviation Administration, SpaceX went ahead and launched its first high-altitude Starship prototype in December, a launch that ended in a gigantic explosion, The Verge reports. The prototype, dubbed SN8, violated the company's launch license, as issued by the FAA, according to documents obtained by The Verge. Explosion or not, SpaceX seems to have gotten away with it. In fact, the company recently signed a massive $2.9 billion contract to help NASA return astronauts to the Moon's surface as soon as 2024. The disregard of the FAA's rules is yet more evidence that the Elon Musk-led company did little to appease regulators' safety concerns over the launch of its massive spacecraft prototypes. According to the documents, SpaceX complained that the FAA's software was a "source of frustration" and that data was "overly conservative." "Although the report states that all SpaceX parties believed that such risk was sufficiently low to comply with regulatory criteria, SpaceX used analytical methods that appeared to be hastily developed to meet a launch window," a letter by the FAA’s space division chief Wayne Monteith to SpaceX president Gwynne Shotwell read. The documents also show that the shockwave of a possible explosion could be exacerbated by weather conditions including speed and thereby endanger nearby homes, according to The Verge. SpaceX was reportedly warned that launching without clearance would violate the company's launch license. The warning went ignored because SpaceX staff "assumed that the inspector did not have the latest information," according to the documents. "These actions show a concerning lack of operational control and process discipline that is inconsistent with a strong safety culture," Monteith wrote in a letter to Shotwell, as quoted by The Verge. According to the report, SpaceX agreed to reevaluate its safety procedures and agreed to heed the FAA's requests to cancel future launches. Fortunately, SN8's demise didn't end up damaging nearby homes. After a "hard landing," the rocket went up in a massive fireball. Musk later explained in a tweet that the "fuel header tank pressure was low during landing burn, causing touchdown velocity to be high," but claimed SpaceX engineers "got all the data we needed." The FAA and SpaceX seem to have made up since the December explosion. In late April, the FAA approved three upcoming launches of SpaceX’s Starship spacecraft. The first of those three, dubbed SN15, launched in mid-May — and became the first high-altitude prototype to survive the ordeal. Musk's fight with regulators however is far from over. In January, the FAA scrubbed the launch of SpaceX's SN9 launch. A fuming Musk took to Twitter to vent his frustration, claiming that the FAA space division "humanity will never get to Mars." "Their rules are meant for a handful of expendable launches per year from a few government facilities," he added. "Under those rules, humanity will never get to Mars." READ MORE: SpaceX ignored last-minute warnings from the FAA before December Starship launch [The Verge] More on SpaceX: Elon Musk Shares New Pic of Giant Starship Rocket Booster Share This Article 
If we ever make contact with an extraterrestrial civilization, we're unlikely to find a group of little green Martians running around. That's at least according to Seth Shostak, senior astronomer and director at the Center for SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Research. In a recent opinion piece for The Guardian, Shostak argues that we are far more likely to encounter beings that resemble artificial intelligence. As we're expecting the release of a Pentagon report into sightings military pilots made of "unidentified aerial phenomena" later this month, the topic of UFOs and aliens has made a significant resurgence — and it's being taken more seriously than ever before. The report, however, is unlikely to claim that we've already made first contact with an alien race here on Earth — but to Shostak, that doesn't necessarily mean we're alone in the universe. "I think it’s overwhelmingly likely that aliens are present in our galaxy," he wrote. "But I don’t believe they’re hanging out in our airspace. Not now, and not in historic times." So what would first contact even look like once it does happen? To Shostak, we won't be encountering the kind of bug-eyed, and green-skinned aliens that works of science fiction have included over the last 60 or so years. "All terrestrials have DNA blueprints, and share similarities in molecular makeup," he argued. "Nonetheless, few of our fellow Terrans resemble us. The extraterrestrials wouldn’t either." "Any aliens that trek to our planet are unlikely to be carbon-based life forms, either hirsute or hairless," Shostak said. "Their cognitive abilities will probably not be powered by a spongy mass of cells we’d call a brain. They will probably have gone beyond biological smarts and, indeed, beyond biology itself." In other words, extraterrestrials "won't be alive." That's because the enormous distances from one star system to the next could take eons to cover. Shostak however acknowledges the simple fact that thanks to the relatively young age of our solar system, other much older systems could house far more advanced civilizations than us. But that doesn't allow them to break the laws of physics. "Star Trek and similar scenarios aside, it’s extremely difficult to traverse light-years of space in less than a lifetime – anyone’s lifetime," he argued. "You can call up Scotty in the engine room, but he won’t be able to help." It's a long trip that won't "appeal to biological passengers who will die long before their destination is reached," but AIs or machines aren't limited by this. If recent advances in artificial intelligence here on Earth are anything to go by, much older alien civilizations are likely far ahead. "Researchers who work in AI estimate that machines able to beat humans on an IQ test will emerge from the labs by mid-century," Shostak wrote. "If we can do it, some extraterrestrials will have already done it." And while some researchers have argued any extraterrestrials coming in for a visit could spell disaster, Shostak is far less worried. "So, if alien craft ever do settle on the White House lawn, you can hope that whatever’s inside is friendly," he argued. "If not, there’s always negotiation." READ MORE: If we ever encounter aliens, they will resemble AI and not little green martians [The Guardian] More on aliens: Physicist Warns That Contacting Aliens Could End All Life on Earth Share This Article 
Real estate investing is one of those things that is tightly controlled by a small number of people and companies. And if you don't have the capital or the connections to participate, it can be difficult or impossible to break in. But with peer-to-peer real estate investment platforms like PeerStreet, that's starting to change, and you can be a beneficiary of it by signing up now. Peer-to-peer real estate investing has the potential to completely change the real estate world. Back in the old days, anyone who wanted to start a business or buy a house needed either their own capital or to deal with a bank or corporation to lend you the money. But we live in the age of crowdfunding now, and platforms like PeerStreet are connecting borrowers with private lenders in a completely new way that can benefit both parties. When you enter the PeerStreet marketplace, you're basically accessing a crowdfunded mortgage platform that takes the standard real estate loan and breaks it up into smaller, manageable chunks that thousands of individual investors can grab a piece of. And the entire process is being guided all along the way by cutting-edge data analytics. Behind the scenes at PeerStreet, established private lenders from across the United States purchase real estate debt, and each participating lender is analyzed by way of advanced algorithms and data science, in order to select a pool of safe, high-qualify real estate debt investments that connect investors and borrowers in a way that was never before possible. Investors get returns of ten percent or more on their investments, while borrowers get the funding they need to buy a house or start a business that they might not be able to get otherwise. Crowdfunding mortgage investments is only the tip of the PeerStreet iceberg. With their proprietary Automated Investing technology, you can build a whole investment portfolio without the traditional guesswork. All an investor has to do is select your own investment criteria (like interest rate or the term of the loan), and when a prospective borrower comes along, you'll be notified. With PeerStreet, it only takes a few moments to sign up and start investing in real estate debt on a safe and lucrative basis. You can build a diverse portfolio with advanced data analytics guiding the way. In essence, all you have to provide is the money, and PeerStreet does all the work in maximizing its potential. PeerStreet's innovative two-sided marketplace connects you to investments sourced from a nationwide network of vetted private lenders and brokers. You can browse and select from investments offering different yields, terms, and LTV ratios, across either residential or multifamily properties, all with PeerStreet's intuitive and user-friendly interface, with options that can make the investment process as hands-on or as hands-off as you want it. If you're ready to give PeerStreet a try, you can get more information at the platform's official site now, where you can also get started investing almost immediately. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The modern world thrives on the internet, even if there are some bizarre unintended consequences from tying everything to an Ethernet cable or wireless signal. And as networks grow, the demand for people who know how to design, build, maintain, and protect them becomes even more important. The 2021 Cisco CCNA & CCNP Certification Training Bundle will get you the certifications you need to become a professional network engineer. Both certifications were created by the networking company Cisco as they realized their products were becoming more complex, while educational materials weren't keeping up. For IT professionals, that's meant getting two key certifications, starting with the Cisco Certified Network Associate certification, or CCNA. Tied to the #200-301 exam, a CCNA certifies that you're able to set up, run, and maintain a network for a small or medium-sized business. The first course in this bundle explores that in detail with 150 lectures across nearly 47 hours discussing routing protocols, WAN technology, device monitoring and management and security fundamentals. Whether you're new to IT or just want to update your skills, it's perfect for all levels. Then the bundle turns to the Cisco Certified Network Professional certification, or CCNP. This expands on what you learned in the CCNA course to apply it to much larger networks, adding network architecture lessons, how to employ virtualization for users, and network infrastructure and assurance. Even if you're not going for your CCNP, it's information worth knowing for any IT professional or engineer who will deals with networks. Courses are run by ITU Online Training, which has won a ton of industry awards, including honors at the Best in Biz Awards and the Cybersecurity Excellence Awards. The demand for IT networking professionals is only growing, and a certification will help you move forward in your career, or launch a new one. The 2021 Cisco CCNA & CCNP Certification Training Bundle is normally $198, yet right now you can save 74% and get both courses for just $49.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Eighty-five million. That's how many families—67 percent of U.S. households—have a pet. If you're one of the many, you probably love your pet an immeasurable amount (maybe you've even considered cloning them) and treat them like family. You want the best for them, from food to bedding to pet insurance, and you'll do just about anything for them. Chewy cares about your pet almost as much as you do. But not only your pet—Chewy has taken their love of animals one step further and donated more than $62 million worth of pet products, food, and other essential items directly to non-profit shelters and rescues. You have to know that any company that sends that much love and kindness out into the animal world also has your pet’s best interest at heart. Dogs, cats, horses, birds, reptiles, rodents, fish … it matters not to which pet you have given your affections, Chewy considers your family their family. And as such, they are not willing to settle for second best. It stands to reason that the pet products they offer are top-notch, but what's more, their customer service representatives go above and beyond. Not only are they available 24/7 to address questions and concerns about your pet, but they handwrite millions of cards each year for holidays, pet birthdays, and other celebratory events. In those sadder moments, Chewy will send flowers to show that they, too, feel the loss of your loved one. Chewy’s personalized touches are so exemplary, in fact, that they were recognized by Newsweek for “America’s Best Customer Service” for the past three consecutive years. The pet experts at Chewy have you covered from A to Z with over 2,000 brands to choose from, including Blue Buffalo, Nutro, Natural Balance, and Tidy Cats, complete with a 100% satisfaction guarantee on every item and order. Not only does it sell top-quality brands and products to meet all your pet’s needs, but it has also developed its own, including Dr. Lyons, a line that offers health support through a variety of treats and supplements inspired by nature and guided by science. Onguard Plus is their flea and tick treatment line for either dogs or cats. Not offered anywhere else, Chewy manufactures their brands with your pet’s well-being in mind. When your pet is ill, Chewy knows how stressful that can be and appreciates that you may not have the time or the means to go to the vet to pick up prescriptions. That’s why Chewy has its own Pharmacy department. The company’s Rx team can contact your vet to approve any online medications and have them delivered straight to your door. As pet experts, Chewy knows the lengths that we will go to make our pets happy. That’s why Chewy also wants to make life for you, as pet parents, better too. With Chewy’s Autoship program you can schedule regular deliveries of your pet supplies, so you never run out of food or any other essentials. There’s no fee and you can cancel at any time, plus membership saves you money.  Get what you want, when you want, all ordered from the comfort of your own home. Unlike big-box retailers, Chewy’s commitment and only focus are on your pet. They measure their success by the happiness of the people and pets they serve, not simply by the number of pet supplies delivered. With rave reviews and thankful customers, it seems very clear that Chewy has achieved its mission. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Over the past few years, cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum have exploded in popularity. This is due to the extremely lucrative gains that have been made by those who have bought (or mined) and held over the course of many years. But while you're holding on to crypto with the hopes of making big gains, you're tying up money that could be put to work earning interest. Or at least that used to be the case. Now, thanks to the BlockFi Interest Account, you can earn compound interest on your cryptocurrencies just like you would from depositing cash at a traditional bank. Essentially, compound interest is the ability to reinvested the interest you've made on your deposit to earn more interest. Think of it as the inception of money – your money is reinvested to make you more money, which you can then reinvest just the same. BlockFi does just that. Offering up to 8.6-percent APY on your deposits, the company also allows you to easily buy and sell cryptocurrencies. Joining BlockFi is easy – opening an account takes just a couple of minutes. By opening a BlockFi Interest Account (BIA), you can practically start making money immediately after the first trade. Whether you’re opting for Bitcoin, Ethereum, or Litecoin, BlockFi has you covered. Investing is possible via bank/wire transfer, crypto, and stablecoin. You are generating interest immediately after investing in Bitcoin. Compound investing is also a brilliant way to diversify your portfolio, as the results for various investments in crypto can vary significantly. You can make an additional income by joining BlockFi’s “Refer-A-Friend” program. If a friend joins by using BlockFi’s referral code and invests more than $100 via BlockFi, both you and the friend get $10 in Bitcoin. Sometimes, investors are in need of quick cash, which is why they often sell their cryptocurrencies. But with BlockFi, you don’t have to worry about sacrificing your cryptocurrencies for liquidity. The BlockFi’s loan program offers loans as low as 4.5 percent. You can borrow up to 50-percent of the value of your deposited crypto assets. Best of all, BlockFi’s loans are not plagued with tedious prepayment fees or penalties, meaning that you can pay off the loan as early as you like. What’s more, BlockFi is accessible via mobile app (both Android and iOS are supported). Security measures such as two-factor authentication enable you to stay safe during the crypto trade. Furthermore, some of the largest investors in crypto, such as Bain Capital, and Tiger Global, back BlockFi. Cryptocurrency investment can still be risky, but diversifying the portfolio makes even the potential flop in crypto a bit easier to take. BlockFi offers just that by compound interest, which makes your investments profitable in the short, and more profitable in the long term. Get started with BlockFi, here. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While someday our robot avatar will do the commuting for us, right now, we're a species that tends to travel long distances quickly. And our internal clock doesn't always keep up, so we're constantly adjusting our sleep schedules, struggling to stay awake at work or to sleep at night. The AYOlite was designed to help ease your body back into its natural rhythm when you need to travel, and when the seasons change. Light therapy uses specific wavelengths of light to mimic natural outdoor light. The theory is that our bodies use these wavelengths to set circadian rhythms and as cues for other natural processes, like falling asleep or to release certain neurotransmitters. Generally that's done with a light therapy box, a bulky light that you sit in front of for up to an hour a day, depending on your needs. That's not always possible in our busy lives, or when work takes us away from our usual spaces. Rated 4/5 stars on Amazon, the AYOlite condenses the light therapy box into a wearable you can take anywhere. It's designed like a pair of sunglasses, so you can slip them on and go for a morning workout, write out your presentation for work, and otherwise get on with your life while getting in the rays you need. The light source inside the glasses generates a blue-turquoise light calibrated to align with your rhythms. The form factor and included case also makes them simple to travel with; just drop them in a bag and go. You don't need to connect them to your phone, as you can just turn them on. It makes light therapy easy to incorporate into your daily routine, wherever it may be. Usually the AYOlite is $199, but right now, you can save 7% and pick up a pair for just $184.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Back in the previous century, one of the most common expectations about the future was that it would include robot assistants for all. The Jetsons had one, the crew of the C-57D had one, the Robinsons had one, and so on. Even if we haven’t really made it to fully functioning robotic assistants quite yet, recent advancements in technology have given us automatic vacuum cleaners and other assorted autonomous helpers. And now we can add the amazing Rotrics DexArm robot arm to the list. The Rotrics DexArm is the most versatile desktop robot arm, and with its open-source, modular design, there’s virtually no limit to all the different functions and features it can be equipped with. It can function as a 3D printer, a laser engraver and cutter, a pen plotter, and a multipurpose AI assistant robot that might make you feel like Tony Stark chatting with JARVIS. The DexArm can help you build gadgets, create myriad different art projects, perform simple monotonous tasks (like addressing envelopes) so you don’t have to, or even pour your beers. And for anyone interested in robotics, engineering, 3D printing, and other related fields, it’s a perfect pastime. But don’t mistake the DexArm’s value as a hobby with a lack of quality in its design and functionality. It’s able to perform precise tasks accurately down to 50 microns, and its printing module can print using a wide range of different materials, like PLA, TPU, wood, and carbon fiber. Its laser engraving module is similarly versatile, and can engrave, etch, or cut through anything from cardboard to wood and ceramics. With its pen holder module you can teach it to draw anything your imagination can devise, while its multipurpose soft gripper and air picker modules can be customized to perform all kinds of different tasks. Interested in learning to code? The Rotrics DexArm is quite possibly the best way to teach yourself, since you’ll be able to see the tangible results of whatever you try to code being performed by an honest-to-God robot -- and the same goes for any kids in your house who might be interested in coding as well. To that end, the DexArm is fully compatible with Scratch, the MIT-designed app that teaches kids to code. And of course, for more advanced users it also works with programming languages like C, C++, Python, Java, Javascript, and ROS as well as its own proprietary Rotrics Studio software. Basically, whether you’re an experienced robotic engineer or a complete novice, the DexArm can be a useful, enjoyable, and educational hobby. You can choose between three differently priced “kits” when you order a Rotrics DexArm. The top of the line is the Luxury Kit, which includes the DexArm, a 3.5-inch touchscreen controller, plus the pen holder module, laser engraving module, 3D printing module, soft-gripper module, and air-picker module. But you can also opt for the less expensive Maker Kit or Starter Kit, depending on your budget. Whichever Rotrics DexArm kit you choose can be found at the Rotrics online store here, ranging in price from $799 to $1049, with monthly payments also available. With a 30-day money back guarantee and a free one-year warranty, there’s no reason for anyone interested in robotics to give it a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While Apple plans for its next step, be it in virtual reality or self-driving cars, it's their computers that keep them in the public eye and our lives. Mac fans can win this ultimate bundle, and even better, do it while supporting a good cause. The bundle includes $5,743 worth of Apple gear, and everything you need to always have a Mac with you: a 24" iMac with Retina 4.5K display and Apple's M1 processor; a 12.9-inch iPad Pro; a 13-inch MacBook Pro also with an M1 processor; a five-year subscription to Apple One - Premier, putting Apple Music, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade and more on all your devices; and the AirPods Pro. So whether you want to stretch out with Netflix on the couch, or get to work wherever you are, the bundle has it all. How do you win all this? Simply buy a block of entries, and the more you donate, the more entries you get. For $10 you get 100 entries, $25 earns 250 entries, $50 secures 1,000 entries, $75 locks in 1,500 entries, spending $100 lands you 2,500 entries, and the best deal, $150 puts your name on 4,500 entries. And no matter how much you donate, it'll be going to a great cause. The Playing For Change Foundation gives teachers what they need to bring their country's musical traditions to their students, in a method that's easy for teachers to maintain independently. Since its 2007 founding, Playing for Change has helped provide music education to more than 40,000 kids, with 15 music programs in 11 countries.  Music is fundamental to our lives, and this Mac giveaway will ensure the real winners are the kids who connect with their culture, all for less than the cost of a few apps. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There are a lot of stars in the universe — and while there are many different types, pretty much all of them shine consistently. That's why scientists were so puzzled to discover an "exceptionally rare" star, located toward the center of our own galaxy, that appears to be blinking on and off. The star in question, which is 100 times the size of our own Sun and which has been dubbed VVV-WIT-08 — the "WIT" stands, charmingly, for "what-is-this" — didn't quite disappear, but its brightness decreased by a factor of 30, rendering it all but invisible. "Occasionally we find variable stars that don't fit into any established category, which we call 'what-is-this?', or 'WIT' objects," said University of Hertfordshire researcher Philip Lucas, one of the discoverers of the strange star, in a press blurb. "We really don't know how these blinking giants came to be." The researchers are considering numerous possibilities that could explain the blinking star. One is that something huge and dark drifted between our telescope and the star, though the astronomers say that's statistically unlikely. Another is that a planet orbiting the star, surrounded by a huge dust cloud, periodically blocks it out almost entirely. That second possibility wouldn't be entirely unheard of, the researchers point out, although the handful of other stars believed to be displaying similar behavior dimmed much less during the blockage. The big takeaway for now? The universe holds a seemingly bottomless supply of cosmic surprises. READ MORE: Astronomers spot a 'blinking giant' near the centre of the Galaxy [University of Cambridge] More on the Zhurong rover: Chinese Rover Sends Back First Photos From Surface of Mars Share This Article 
China released a series of new photos from its Zhurong Mars rover this morning. The images, debuted on state media, are indeed breathtaking — but they came alongside braggadocious verbiage that emphasized the mission's "complete success," as well as the significance of the Chinese flag flying on the Red Planet. "The images were unveiled at a ceremony in Beijing, signifying the complete success of China's first Mars exploration mission," read a breathless story on the state-owned news outlet Xinhau. Despite the victory-lap tone of the coverage, the images and landing are indeed impressive. As CNN points out, it took NASA more than 25 years to progress from orbiting a probe around Mars to softly touching down a lander on its surface — a series of feats that China managed to accomplish in a single mission, signifying its immense and growing space ambitions. At the same time, China's space agency had the advantage of being able to build on NASA's success, and it had access to advanced spacefaring technology that didn't exist in the 1970s or 1990s, when NASA was first exploring the Red Planet. Still, the swagger of the accomplishment is on full display in the new photos. The most memorable shot, for instance, shows the lander and rover posing on the Martian surface, in a snapshot taken by a remote camera planted by the rover as it explored its immediate surroundings. Another shot is a glorious panorama of the Utopia Planitia region of Mars, where the lander and rover touched down last month. A comparatively underwhelming photo shows a field of dirt — although, to be fair, it's Martian dirt, which is pretty cool. Next, the rover will pursue a series of scientific projects, many with the goal of searching for evidence of ancient life on Mars. "China will publish the related scientific data in a timely manner to let humankind share in the fruits of the country's space exploration development," said CNSA head Zhang Kejian, in the single quote included in Xinhua's report. In total, the mission is expected to continue for about three months; so far, it's made it for about 28 Martian days, which are less than an hour longer than Earth days. READ MORE: China unveils new Mars images showing national flag on red planet [Xinhua] More on the Zhurong rover: Chinese Rover Sends Back First Photos From Surface of Mars Share This Article 
It’s as true now as it’s ever been: You never know what’s going to happen tomorrow. You can’t prevent the worst from happening, but you can make sure you and everyone else in your household is prepared for whatever is coming around the next bend with a Judy Kit survival kit, available in your choice of four different bundles that pack a wealth of different survival goods into one accessible package. Judy Kits are sturdy, durable survival kits that are designed to be stored in a place of easy access in your home in the event of a life-threatening disaster. If the worst happens, they’ll provide you with safety gear, food, warmth, first aid, tools, and drinking water in the crucial hours and days following a disaster scenario. There are four different Judy Kit varieties so you can choose the one that fits your lifestyle. Here’s a quick rundown on the different Judy Kits you can buy now: The largest Judy Kit bundle is designed for a family that will be able to shelter in place during a disaster, and contains 24 life-sustaining items including three AAA batteries, two gloves, four glowsticks, an extensive first aid kit, four shake-activated hand warmers, 16 clean water packs that never expire, four emergency blankets, two bottles of hand sanitizer, four KN-95 dusk masks, ten “mini-meals,” an LED flashlight, and more. While The Safe was engineered for sheltering in place, The Mover Max is built to give your family everything they need in the event of a sudden evacuation, contained within a 500D tarpaulin with fully welded seams, padded back support, and water resistance. Also like The Safe, it can keep you and your family safe for up to 72 hours. If you’re looking for a good introduction into the world of emergency preparedness and don’t want to go all the way into investing in The Safe or The Mover Max, The Starter might be the best place to … begin. Known as “the world’s smartest emergency kit,” The Starter is optimized for an individual rather than a family, and contains eight unique items including mini-meals, glowsticks, ponchos, emergency blankets, first aid, a whistle, and a pre-charged phone charger, all in a durable and handy pouch. The most basic Judy Kit is The Safety, priced at a sensible $45. It comes with bare survivalist essentials like two dust masks, a first aid kit, a bottle of hand sanitizer, and a pair of gloves, and like all the rest of the Judy Kits also comes with with 24/7 text message alerts and preparedness tips and inside a completely watertight and durable container. Whichever Judy Kit you feel is right for you, it can be yours from the Judy Kit online shop, where you can get a complete list of the items included in each one, and answers to any other questions you might have. Just be sure not to wait until the worst has already happened to try and buy yours. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As we learn more about the body, hormones are offering new insights into not just how we become adults, but how we gain or lose weight, our fertility, and even how we age. Understanding your hormonal balance now can help you plan for the future, so the Modern Fertility Hormone Test makes it easy to learn about your fertility easily, safely, and privately. Rated Fast Company's number one healthcare business, this test is now available for a discount.  This test is the same as ones you'll get in a doctor's office, and are in fact developed with the guidance of fertility doctors, but at a fraction of the price. All you need to do for the test is answer a few general questions about yourself and any medication that may affect the results, prick your finger according to the included instructions, and mail in your sample. Then, a doctor reviews the tests and uploads them to your personal dashboard for private viewing. The test looks at seven hormones, including Anti-Mullerian Hormone, a market of egg quantity; thyroid-stimulating hormone, which can affect both ovulation and fetal development; free thyroxine, which is also tied to the thyroid; follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), which assists in the start of ovulation; estradiol, which interacts with FSH and can help track ovulation concerns; prolactin, which can pause ovulation; and lutenizing hormone, which is one of the hormones regulating your cycle. While no single test is a fertility "silver bullet," these seven in concert can offer a useful overall picture to help with family planning, now or in the future. In addition, thyroid levels can help diagnose concerns about skin, weight, energy, and mood. Fertility is a sensitive matter, and Modern Fertility is designed to help you gather the knowledge you need to advocate for your own health. Normally it's $159 for this hormone test, but right now, you can save $10 and begin considering your future for $149. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Archeologists in Israel made an incredibly rare discovery in the ancient industrial zone of Yavneh, a central Israeli city: a 1,000 year old chicken egg. Astonishingly, the egg lay underground, preserved for all those years — until, tragically, they accidentally broke it in a lab run by archeologists from the Israel Antiquities Authority, as Haaretz reports. It's a scientific loss, but also a poetic example of how frail our connection is to our distant past. "We were astonished to find it," IAA archaeologist Alla Nagorsky told the newspaper. "From time to time we find fragments of eggshells, but a whole egg is extraordinary." Nagorsky argued that the mishap didn't have too much of an effect on its archeological value. Some yolk remained in the shell and is now being tested for DNA. In fact, the archeologist told the newspaper it may have had to be broken at some point anyway to study its contents. Other findings in the digging site included three dolls made of bone, typical of the 11th century in the area, and an oil lamp. The lamp's particular style was only really around about 1,000 years ago, causing the archeologists to conclude the egg was from the same period. "Eggshell fragments are known from earlier periods – for example, in the City of David and at Caesarea and Apollonia," the IAA's leading ancient poultry expert Lee Perry Gal told Haaretz. "But due to the eggs’ fragile shells, hardly any whole chicken eggs have been preserved." Much older and more robust eggs like ostrich eggs, have been found more frequently, with some decorated ones being discovered, a practice that dates back to at least 60,000 years. Despite the accidental lab omelet, the archeologists are excited by the astonishing find. "Even at the global level, this is an extremely rare find," Gal said. READ MORE: Israeli Archaeologists Find Whole 1,000-year-old Egg – and Accidentally Break It [Haaretz] Share This Article 
The European Space Agency (ESA) has announced that it's also planning to take a trip to Venus. It'll be joining NASA, which recently announced two missions to our closest planetary neighbor, a planet that NASA hasn't visited in over 30 years. The rush of interest in Venus shows that scientists are itching to study the second planet from the Sun, which shares plenty of qualities with our own — despite being an uninhabitable, blazing hell hole. The ESA's mission will be called EnVision and it will be equipped with a high resolution camera called VenSAR, provided by NASA, that will take high resolution measurements of the planet's surface features. VenSAR is a vast upgrade over NASA's Magellan mission, which captured much lower resolution images of the planet in the early 1990s. The instrument could uncover secrets about Venus's volcanoes, landslides, and larger tectonic movements. "EnVision’s VenSAR will provide a unique perspective with its targeted studies of the Venus surface, enriching the roadmap of Venus exploration," said Adriana Ocampo, EnVision Program Scientist at NASA, in a statement. Scientists are also excited to find out more about Venusian "tesserae," the planet's equivalent of Earth's continents. "If they're made of basalt, that would imply fresh, virgin magma erupting on to the surface everywhere, all of a similar composition," Philippa Mason, an EnVision science team-member from Imperial College London, UK, told the BBC. "But if those 'continents' actually have a very different composition — if they're granitic in nature — that would mean that at some stage in the past there's been water in the mantle of Venus because you make granite from wet magma," she added. "Envision will be able to distinguish between granite and basalt — and other flavors of rock." In addition to VenSAR, EnVision will carry a second radar unit that can scan the planet's makeup to a depth of .62 miles. The spacecraft will also be carrying spectrometers to look for hotspots and track the composition of the Venusian atmosphere. "EnVision will probe the links between its atmosphere, surface and interior to discover why Venus is so different, giving us the keys to understanding Earth-sized planets everywhere," Envision lead scientist Richard Ghail from the University of London, UK, told the BBC. Despite the excitement, the EnVision mission has yet to be fully greenlit by the ESA. But barring unforeseen complications, there's a good chance the mission, alongside NASA's two missions, will launch in the early 2030s. READ MORE: Then There Were 3: NASA to Collaborate on ESA’s New Venus Mission [NASA] More on Venus missions: NASA Is Officially Headed Back to Venus Share This Article 
Want your brain to function at maximum capacity every day? Well, there are two ways you can do it. The first is to exercise for at least an hour every day, eat a perfectly balanced diet of low-fat sugar-free foods packed with essential vitamins and minerals, get eight hours of high quality sleep every night, and practice mindfulness and meditation to reduce stress and anxiety. Do all those things, and you’re going to feel absolutely amazing. The only problem, of course, is that modern life basically makes that impossible. So the vast majority of us are going to need to rely on option two, which is to take nutritional supplements that provide the brain with the extra fuel and raw nutrients it needs to restore peak cognitive performance. And luckily, doing that has never been easier thanks to innovative nootropics companies like TruBrain. TruBrain was founded by a former Unilever executive and a team of UCLA neuroscientists who wanted to help regular people boost mental output, overcome mental blocks, and power past stress. So they started researching high-function nutrients that have a measurable, quantitative impact on cognition. And eventually they created an entire line of cognitive support supplements that utilize advanced ingredients like nootropics, ketones, and full spectrum hemp oil that promote optimal brain function. If you’re looking for a way to improve mental clarity, sharpen concentration, enhance creativity, and boost memory, you need to take a look at what TruBrain nootropics have to offer. TruBrain Capsules contain a blend of nootropics designed to boost your mental bandwidth without carbs, sugar, or caffeine. Though they are sometimes marketed as “smart drugs,” nootropics are actually just nutrients, minerals, amino acids, and other compounds that are especially good job at fueling neurotransmission. The specific nootropics in TruBrain Capsules, which include Noopept, L-theanine, and L-carnitine, work by increasing blood flow to the brain and making acetylcholine receptors in the brain more receptive. Increased blood flow to the brain enhances neuroplasticity, which is a brain cell’s ability to build new neural connections. The more neural connections in your brain, the higher your brain function. Meanwhile, enhanced acetylcholine reception makes communication between neurons faster and more efficient. Each jar of TruBrain Capsules contains a 30-day supply. New subscribers save 50-percent off the first jar, and prepaying for three, six, or 12 months can save an additional 10, 20, or 30 percent, respectively. Click here to learn more. TruBrain Drinks are 1 oz. liquid shots containing the same blend of nootropics found in TruBrain Capsules. These nootropics are designed to modulate blood flow and oxygen to the brain, delivering more oxygen and glucose to neurons and thus improving the brain’s “plasticity” or ability to make new connections. However, unlike TruBrain Capsules, TruBrain Drinks come in five different formulas that contain additional ingredients designed to produce different effects. In addition to nootropics, the Sleep formula and Mellow formula contain full spectrum hemp oil to help regulate stress, anxiety, and mood. The Sleep formula also contains 5-HTP, and melatonin to promote a deep, natural sleep. After the Sleep and Mellow formulas there are Medium, Strong, and Extra Strong formulas. These scale up the brain boosting effects in accordance with their names. TruBrain drinks come in boxes of 10, 15, 20, 30, and 60, and are completely customizable. Order a variety to find out what works best for you under what conditions. Click here to learn more. TruBrain Bars are 45g snack bars designed to help you boost mental output and overcome stress and mental blocks while also satisfying your hunger. They combine TruBrain’s flagship blend of brain-boosting nootropics with delicious ingredients like cocoa, dates, and sea salt. Designed for the occasional snacker, Brain Food Bars come in boxes of 12 or 24. New customers can save 10 percent when they subscribe, and a box of 24 is 10 percent cheaper per bar. Click here to learn more. It’s estimated that 64 percent of Americans drink at least one cup of coffee every single day. Unfortunately, while coffee does a great job at making you feel awake, it’s not very good at helping you focus. So the team of scientists at TruBrain decided to fix that, and the result is the TruBrain Coffee Kit. Designed especially for coffee lovers, TruBrain Coffee Kit combines freshly roasted premium single-origin coffee beans with 20 “Focus Sticks.” These “Focus Sticks” contain a flavor-neutral blend of the nootropic compounds L-theanine and alpha gpc, which balance and enhance the effects of caffeine. Got your own favorite coffee you want to enhance? TruBrain Focus Sticks can also be purchased on their own. Click here to learn more. Last but not least we have a TruBrain supplement that is not powered by nootropics. Instead, as the name suggests, this one is powered by ketones, which are of central importance to anyone practicing a keto diet. The purpose of the keto is to force the body to burn a different type of fuel. Normally the body’s primary source of energy is glucose, which we get from carbohydrates. However, if you deprive the body of carbohydrates long enough it will go into ketosis, a metabolic state in which the liver breaks down fat into fatty acids and ketones. The ketones then replace glucose as the body’s primary fuel. Burning ketones as fuel instead of glucose has several advantages. For starters, ketones are a more efficient fuel, requiring less energy for the body to use. And unlike glucose, ketones don’t rely on insulin for transportation, which eliminates a very complicated process that often results in sudden drops of energy that leave you craving more sugar. Thus, when your body is burning ketones, you’ll have more energy and a clearer head. TruBrain Ketones powder contains a patent-pending combination of raw ketone ester (D-Betahydroxybutyrate) and mineral based Ketones. By providing the body with an extremely efficient energy source, TruBrain Ketones help boost mental focus and promote a sense of calm. Click here to read more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Rental properties make outstanding investments. In fact, if you’re looking to grow wealth and build a comfortable future for yourself and your family, there’s probably no better place to start than the single-family rental market. The only problem is that the traditional method of acquiring and managing rental properties is incredibly difficult and time-consuming. First you have to find a good real estate agent, research the market, arrange financing, and figure out your budget. Then, when all the prep work is done, you have to visit and compare properties, calculate expected yields and returns, make offers, arrange inspections, and navigate the closing process. Finally, once you’ve actually acquired a property, you have to get it ready to rent, market it to suitable tenants, sign a lease, and—last but definitely not least—carry out all the duties of a landlord. In short, if you buy rental property the old-fashioned way, it's a huge hassle, which is why most people just wind up investing their savings in run-of-the-mill portfolios of stocks and bonds. But what if it wasn’t such a hassle to buy rental property? What if there was a way to make every single step of the process easier and more efficient? Those are the questions that led to the creation of Roofstock. Roofstock is a comprehensive online platform created specifically to make investing in single-family rental properties radically simple and efficient. It uses state-of-the-art AI to curate an online marketplace of income-generating rental properties and gives buyers the high tech tools they need to shop for and purchase them online. Roofstock was founded by finance, real estate, and technology experts who understood the benefits of investing in the single-family rental market, but who also realized the process of buying, selling, and managing was in desperate need of an upgrade. In 2015, they set out to build a completely new model for investing in single-family real estate—a model that uses the latest technology to remove geographical and logistical barriers to investing in real estate, making it easier for anyone to buy rental property, from anywhere, at any time. Today, Roofstock isn’t just the best way to buy investment properties online. It might just be the best way to buy investment properties period. But before we get to the specific benefits Roofstock has to offer, we need to talk about why single-family rental properties make such great investments. What makes single-family rental (SFR) properties such great investments? It really boils down to four main factors. The first and most obvious reason to invest in SFRs is that they give you two different ways to make money. First, they generate income every month in the form of rent, which ideally will cover your mortgage and leave you with a little extra cash to stow away for the future. Second, when chosen wisely, SFR investment properties should appreciate in value over time, allowing you to either use that equity to refinance and buy more properties, or just make a nice profit when the time is right to sell. Second, SFRs as an asset class offer a ton of stability. Studies based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, S&P 500 returns, and the U.S. Treasury show that investments in the SFR market offer similar returns to the stock market, but with considerably less volatility. And when planning your financial future, minimizing volatility is key. Third, the SFR market has ups and downs just like the stock market, there is not a strong correlation between the two. That makes them an excellent choice for investors who want to diversify their portfolios with assets that hedge against downturns in the stock market. During the 2008 financial crisis, for example, the stock market crashed and overall home prices took a major hit when the U.S. housing bubble burst. However, SFR rent remained steady throughout the economic downturn, and in some markets it even grew. Fourth, right now the demand for single-family rental units is at an all-time high. When the pandemic hit last year, and all of a sudden everyone was stuck in their homes all the time, it triggered a significant shift in the real estate market. People who used to be content with small spaces in big cities now wanted room to spread out in houses with backyards and spare bedrooms. However, the increase in demand caused a rise in housing prices that made home ownership unattainable for a lot of people. And with more people wanting bigger homes, but fewer people actually having enough cash for a down payment, the single-family rental market has skyrocketed. Now development companies are building houses specifically for the SFR market. And that’s great news for investors, because it means there are more and better properties to choose from. Want to get in on the booming SFR market? Well, you could go the traditional route, hire a real estate agent, and look for properties listed on MLS. But of course, if you do that, you’ll have a very limited selection of properties to choose from. And you will have to go look at each one of them in person. And you will have to do all your own research to figure out how each property would perform as a single-family rental. And once you make a purchase, you’ll be completely on your own. And it might take three to six months before you start making any money. Alternatively, you could create an account with Roofstock, a 21st century platform that makes buying rental properties as fast and easy as investing in the stock market. It’s estimated that 70 percent of all rental properties in the United States are owned by investors who live no more than one hour away. However, this is only because, until now, most investors didn’t have the ability to own properties they couldn’t manage personally. The traditional method of buying real estate requires you to be there in person for just about every step of the process, leaving you with fewer options as a buyer. However, Roofstock eliminates these geographic limitations. Their online marketplace features high quality single-family rental properties located in different markets all across the country, and it allows you to purchase these properties from anywhere in the world. That means you don’t have to settle for rental properties close to where you live. You can invest in the hottest markets and maximize your returns. Though it is by no means impossible, it is very difficult to sell a rental property the old-fashioned way without removing tenants, or waiting until their lease expires. Why? Because all the hoops you have to jump through to sell a property the old-fashioned way—bringing in an agent, making repairs, staging, arranging showings and open houses—are just too difficult when someone is still living in the house you’re trying to sell. By contrast, one of the best things about the Roofstock marketplace is that every single property has been selected for its ability to generate income. In most cases that means the properties are already occupied by reliable tenants. Thus, when a sale closes and you officially take ownership of a property, you don’t have to spend any time or money to secure a lease. Instead, you start earning money on day one. Of course, not all properties on the Roofstock marketplace have tenants. However, most vacant properties are certified as “rent-ready” and covered by Roofstock’s industry-leading Lease Up Guarantee. If you purchase a vacant “rent-ready” property on the Roofstock marketplace, Roofstock guarantees you will get a signed lease within 45 days or they will cover rent for up to a year. Try getting a guarantee like that from your real estate agent. When you shop for investment properties the old-fashioned way, you have to rely on your realtor to find homes that meet your criteria. Then you have to go look at each one in person. In short, it takes a lot of time, and a lot of work, and you don’t have a lot of control. Luckily, Roofstock streamlines the entire process, making it radically efficient. As a prospective buyer, you can create custom searches and filter results based on extremely specific criteria, including things like estimated annual return, total return over the course of five, 10, 20, or 30 years, or expected appreciation. Prospective buyers can also use Roofstock’s built-in calculator to adjust the purchase price, down payment, and expected rent so you understand all their options. Can’t find a property that meets your exact criteria? No need to worry. New properties are added daily, and you can sign up to receive new listing alerts when properties meet your search parameters. When you shop for investment properties on MLS, you get very little information that would help you make an informed decision as an investor. However, with Roofstock you get all the analytics, tools, insights, and proprietary data you need to make informed choices right from the comfort of your living room couch. On the Roofstock marketplace, every single property has undergone the rigorous Roofstock Certification. What does that mean? It means every single listing includes pictures, floor plans, and 3D tours. Every single listing includes a property inspection report, independent valuation, title report, and insurance quotes, saving you the time and hassle of acquiring them yourself. Every single listing contains information about the current lease, tenants, and rent payment history. And every single listing contains a Roofstock Neighborhood Rating, which uses a proprietary algorithm to evaluate the neighborhood-specific risks and benefits of things like school district quality, employment rates, home values, and more. In addition to all these tools and analytics, every single property listed in the Roofstock marketplace also comes with the revolutionary Roofstock Guarantee. After you complete the purchase of a property, if you are not 100-percent satisfied within 30 days of closing, Roofstock will re-list the property and issue you a refund when the property sells again. In short, when you shop and buy rental property on Roofstock, you get everything you need to invest with complete confidence. That’s why, to date, Roofstock has completed over $3 billion worth of real estate transactions. Buying income properties with Roofstock could not be easier. As with any real estate purchase, the first step is figuring out what you want, and what you can afford. After that, if you’re not paying cash, you’ll need to arrange your financing. Though pre-approval is not required to buy properties on Roofstock, it is highly recommended because it will strengthen any offers you make and help expedite the entire transaction. That said, whether or not you get pre-approved before shopping, when it comes to financing, Roofstock gives you total flexibility. If you have a mortgage broker or lender you trust and have worked with for years, you are free to arrange your own financing. All you have to do is upload your pre-approval letter via the Roofstock app. However, because Roofstock is a one-stop, full-service platform, you also have the option to apply for financing directly through Roofstock. They have a pool of trusted lending partners that often offer preferred rates to Roofstock users. And of course, one of the advantages of going this route is that, if you have any questions or run into any difficulties, Roofstock has a team of experts ready to assist you. Once you have set your budget and arranged your financing, simply use Roofstock’s intuitive but powerful search tools to find properties that meet your criteria. When you’ve found a property you like and you’re ready to pull the trigger, there’s no need to call an agent, sign a mountain of paperwork, or fax or email a bunch of attachments. All you do is click the button that says make an offer. Simply making an offer on Roofstock is free. If your offer is accepted, you will be charged a “market fee” equal to 0.5% of the contract price or $500, whichever is higher. This fee helps cover the costs of certification and underwriting, as well as the other professional support Roofstock provides. And it is the only fee you will pay when you purchase a rental property through Roofstock. Of course, as you probably know, closing a real estate transaction is a complicated and stressful process involving a lot of deadlines and paperwork. But Roofstock makes that easier, too. This is partly because Roofstock performs the due diligence on properties prior to their listing. However, Roofstock also makes closing easier by providing a team of experts to guide you through escrow and give you all the support you need until the place is officially yours. Typically, the entire process takes just 15 days for cash sales and 30 days for financed sales. That’s about 40-percent faster than the average time it takes to close on a property purchased the old-fashioned way. Being a landlord is not easy, especially if it’s not your full-time job. It takes a lot of time and a lot of knowledge most people just don’t have, which is the number-one reason why more people don’t invest in the SFR market. But Roofstock makes being a landlord easy thanks to their established network of fully vetted and highly skilled property managers. Of course, if you have purchased a rental property in your area and you want to manage it personally, you are free to do that. However, for anyone who wants to invest in out-of-market properties that offer better returns, or those who simply don’t want the hassle of doing it all themselves, Roofstock’s nationwide network of property management firms is an invaluable asset. These firms have been specially selected for their experience in operating properties as investments, and they have specialized knowledge of their local markets. They can handle all the administrative and operational tasks required, including marketing, leasing, repairs, maintenance, bookkeeping, tax reporting, and tenant relations. That leaves you free to focus on building and optimizing your portfolio instead of interviewing prospective tenants and fixing clogged sinks. Roofstock has over 85 property managers that have been fully vetted and are monitored for ongoing performance. If you want to make use of their services, simply indicate this to Roofstock’s service and transition team during closing, and they will put you in touch with management companies in your area. Ready to move on from a property so you can start expanding your SFR portfolio? Well, Roofstock isn’t just the best place to buy rental property. It’s also the best place to sell it. Why? Because when you list a property on Roofstock’s marketplace, you get access to a global network of investors who want exactly the kind of properties you are selling. You’re not limited to investors in your area, and you don’t have to deal with people who don’t know what they’re doing. Roofstock also makes selling rental properties more affordable. Because they don’t require showings or open houses, so long as your property meets industry standards, you don’t have to spend as much on staging and upgrades. And because you don’t have to remove tenants or wait until a lease expires to sell, you get to keep collected rent right up until closing. Then there’s the commission. When you hire a realtor to sell your rental property the old-fashioned way, you’re typically going to pay a six-percent commission, though sometimes you might be able to negotiate them down to five percent. However, when you use Roofstock to sell your rental property, you’re only on the hook for three percent. Needless to say, all these savings can add up pretty quickly. Suppose you want to sell a SFR property worth $100,000 that brings in $1,200 per month in rent. If you hire a realtor and list the property on MLS, you would most likely lose three months worth of rent while the property is for sale. That’s $3,600. Meanwhile, the average capital expenditure to prepare a property for sale through MLS is two percent. That’s $2,000. And last but not least, there’s the six-percent brokerage commission. That’s $6,000. So, on average, it will cost you about $11,600 to sell a $100,000 rental property when you do it the old-fashioned way. But with Roofstock you only have to worry about the three-percent commission. That means, on a $100,000 rental property, you’re saving $8,600. Need help figuring out exactly when to sell and when to buy? Worried about making mistakes and flushing your hard-earned money down the proverbial toilet? Roofstock can help you with that, too, with their Roofstock Roofstock Academy training program. Created by experts who have decades of experience in SFR and have purchased thousands of properties, Roofstock Academy is a hands-on training program that will teach you how to avoid costly mistakes and become a successful real estate investor. Roofstock Academy offers one-on-one coaching, group coaching, private and group chats and forums, and over 50 hours of on-demand lectures covering SFR investment strategies for both beginners and experts alike. It used to be difficult and time-consuming to buy rental property. Then Roofstock came along, created a revolutionary online marketplace, and gave investors the tools, information, and expert support they need to buy properties online with total confidence. In short, they’ve completely changed the game. Whether you are totally new to the single-family rental market and are looking to buy rental property for the first time, or you have been building your portfolio for years and just want to make it easier, you need to take a look at Roofstock. Signing up with them could very well prove to be the smartest financial decision you’ll ever make. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
These days, there is an endless number of ways to invest money in the stock market. However, there aren't an endless number of resources to ensure you're investing wisely. Especially, if you don't want to get stuck paying a financial advisor. Most advisors' fees are based on how much of your money they're managing. Typically, that yearly fee can range anywhere from 0.25-to-1 percent of what you're investing, which can be pretty pricey. There are also some financial advisors who charge a flat, hourly fee or annual fee, but if you're not made of money, all of this probably sounds pretty daunting. But what if there was a subscription service that acted as your financial advisor, doing the research and providing you with not only strong investment options but the research to back it up? If you've been looking for a financial subscription service to help you fine-tune your portfolio without breaking the bank, then you need to hear about the Motley Fool Stock Advisor. The Motley Fool Stock Advisor is a stock-picking subscription service designed to help you gain and manage your wealth. It's backed by the founders of The Motley Fool, David and Tom Gardner, and uses their wealth management acumen to help you create a portfolio that will boost your financial affluence. Each month, after signing up for Stock Advisor, you get two stock picks from their award-winning analyst team. These picks come with a breakdown of not only why these stocks were chosen, but why they're banking on it generating a return, as well as, additional information you may need before you choose to invest. It all starts by joining Stock Advisor for $99 a month. Once you choose to have Motley Fool's co-founders Tom and David Gardner and their award-winning analyst team help you build your wealth, your real education begins. Every month, you'll receive two curated stock picks that a team of experts has meticulously researched and vetted. Additionally, members will also gain unlimited access to their library of expert stock recommendations inside the service, each carefully aimed at multiplying your net worth. Not only that, each month you'll receive a breakdown of new investing trends so that you can be on top of not only your portfolio, but money management at large. All this, and it will only take you about five minutes a month to manage your portfolio so you can focus on more important things. David and Tom Gardner believe proper investing should be easy – that means none of the so-called "secret" tactics Wall Street wants you to believe go hand-in-hand with the stock market. Because the average Stock Advisor pick has a return of over 562%, you'd be hard-pressed to find better recommendations at a better cost. This is why Tom & David offer a money-back guarantee for your membership fee. If you sign up for Stock Advisor today and decide it’s not for you, they'll give you your money back. That's right. Simply cancel your subscription within 30-days, and you’ll receive every penny of your membership fee back. You are only one step away from changing your financial life. Simply join Motley Fool's Stock Advisor, the world's best investing community, and take the first step to supercharging your portfolio. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Tesla's sales seem to have rebounded from a seriously weak April, showing surprisingly strong revenues in the month of May. With the values of Bitcoin slipping even further, that wild ride is leading some to suspect the electric car company may have sold off some of its considerable Bitcoin holdings. According to Bloomberg columnist Liam Denning, the plummet, in addition to pressure from all sides to deliver positive numbers, could make a Bitcoin sale "mighty tempting, regardless of what Musk tweeted." "I’m really starting to think Tesla Inc. may have sold some Bitcoin already this quarter," Denning wrote. The opinion piece comes days after Tesla CEO Elon Musk tweeted cryptic memes about breaking up with Bitcoin, a possible sign that his company could have been winding down its short-lived relationship with the most popular cryptocurrency. That relationship has been through a lot, in large part due to Musk's decision to accept Bitcoin as a form of payment earlier this year — while simultaneously announcing it had made a $1.5 billion investment in the token — before fully reversing that decision a couple of months later. The flip flopping sent the value of Bitcoin soaring at first, but then crashing down — and that fall appears to be far from over, with the value hovering at around $32,000 at the time of writing, a far cry from highs earlier this year above the $60,000 mark. Also in the mix is the fact that Tesla has increasingly relied on its strong sales in China to boost revenues. The trend saw a dip recently, thanks to misinformation flooding Chinese social media about alleged "brake failures." Even the Chinese government turned up the pressure, releasing reports critical of Tesla's reliability and safety records. But the validity of these claims was undermined recently by several Tesla owners in the country, who have since come forward, apologizing for fabricating reports about the brakes on their Teslas failing. With China putting the brakes on some of the explosive growth Tesla has experienced there, analysts like Denning are now wondering if Tesla may be using its Bitcoin holdings to smooth out its financial trajectory. Musk, meanwhile, maintains that Tesla has held onto its Bitcoin riches. In mid-May, the enigmatic billionaire tweeted that Tesla "has not sold any Bitcoin," in order to "clarify speculation." The company did, however, cash in some ten percent of its holdings back in April to boost Q1 revenues by some $101 million, according to the BBC. So what about the rest of its holdings? Is the electric car company still 'HODLing?' According to Denning, a sale may have already happened — or at least, it's starting to look more likely this quarter. Sale or not, in the meantime, Musk is busying himself with the launch of the Model S Plaid, a ludicrously speedy variant of the company's best selling sedan, later this week — a vehicle that's likely to cause quite a stir amongst investors and the media. READ MORE: Did Tesla Sell Bitcoin? Its China Sales Are a Clue [Bloomberg Opinion] More on Bitcoin: Donald Trump Says Bitcoin Is a “Scam” Share This Article 
Online video drives the world in weird and wonderful ways — making a nine-year-old a millionaire, turning playing video games into a day job, and making video a crucial marketing channel for anyone — whether you're building your personal brand or promoting the company you work for. Camtasia makes it easy to create effective video for the internet, and if you act fast, you can get Camtasia 2021 with a year of maintenance, which includes exclusive training, priority support, and a guaranteed upgrade to Camtasia 2022. Camtasia is designed for regular people who want to develop and released polished, engaging videos without getting a film degree. First, it uses the resources you already have, such as previously shot footage, snapshots, PowerPoint presentations, and the camera built into your laptop. It also makes recording your screen a simple process, so you can quickly set up demonstrations of products or show your audience how something's done. It also includes a library of video assets you can edit with ease and add to your work. Then, it turns the editing process into a drag-and-drop procedure. You can use one of the wide collection of templates on offer, or you can put together the video yourself and easily add titles, effects, and animations. A royalty-free collection of music and sound effects enhances your video and helps set the proper tone. Camtasia has earned 4.5/5 stars on Capterra, 8.8/10 stars on TrustRadius, and 4.5/5 stars on G2. Stellar reviews across the board ensure that this app is as well performing as any. In addition, you get a year of maintenance from the Camtasia team. This includes priority support for when you have needs; access to exclusive training materials perfect for both experienced producers and new video creators to sharpen their skills; and a guaranteed upgrade to Camtasia 2022 on release. Generally, Camtasia and a year of support would cost $300. But for the next two weeks, you can get a bundle with both for $200, which is 33% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA's Juno spacecraft took two stunning images of Jupiter's largest moon Ganymede during a June 7 flyby. It's the closest flyby of the moon in more than two decades, according to NASA, a rare and tantalizing glimpse at the largest moon in the entire solar system — which also happens to be one of the best places to look for signs of life thanks to its icy crust. The flyby could also allow scientists to gain new insights into the moon's composition, magnetic field, and ice shell. The spacecraft was meant to commence its death dive into Jupiter, but the mission was extended through 2025. It is now finishing its primary mission to probe Jupiter's deep interior, as The New York Times reports. "We are going to take our time before we draw any scientific conclusions, but until then we can simply marvel at this celestial wonder — the only moon in our solar system bigger than the planet Mercury," said Juno principal investigator Scott Bolton of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, in a statement. The two images, taken by Juno's JunoCam visible-light imager, show one entire side of the icy moon, providing an image resolution of 0.6 miles per pixel. A separate black-and-white picture shows the moon's dark side, facing away from the Sun. "The conditions in which we collected the dark side image of Ganymede were ideal for a low-light camera like our Stellar Reference Unit," said Heidi Becker, Juno’s radiation monitoring lead at NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab. "So this is a different part of the surface than seen by JunoCam in direct sunlight," he added. "It will be fun to see what the two teams can piece together." Luckily, we can expect more images soon of the same flyby. READ MORE: See the First Images NASA’s Juno Took As It Sailed by Ganymede [NASA] More on Juno: NASA Reportedly Detects Signal Coming From One of Jupiter’s Moons Share This Article 
Thanks to recent scientific breakthroughs, we know your stomach is more important to your overall health than we ever imagined. According to Dan Peterson, assistant professor of pathology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, a preponderance of your immune system health actually occurs in your gastrointestinal tract. This is because the sole purpose of many cells that live in the lining of your gut is secreting large quantities of antibodies to strengthen your immune system. As such, gut health is extremely important. However, how can you tell if your digestive health is operating to protect your immune system? Instead of spending tons of money on a specialist or simply guessing, you can now do a simple at-home test to know for sure with BIOHM's Gut health Test. BIOHM is one of the world’s leading microbiome companies utilizing microbiome data to empower individuals just like you to live healthier lives. Your gut is made up of a community of microorganisms, both good and bad. These microorganisms are a natural part of the ecosystem, known as the microbiome. When it comes to deciphering how healthy your gut really is, the  BIOHM's Gut Test is the most comprehensive sequencing available for at-home consumers like you. After taking the test you will receive a breakdown analysis of bacterial and fungal levels present in your gut with a plan on how to boost those levels for optimal health. With BIOHM's Gut Test, testing your digestive balance has never been easier. It all starts with purchasing their at-home test. After it arrives, you collect a stool sample and mail it in so the science portion can begin. Once BIOHM's lab receives your sample and it passes quality control, processing typically takes 4-6 weeks to yield results. During that time, bacterial and fungal DNA are extracted from the sample. Next, a library of each sample's DNA will be prepared and then identified through the sequencing process. Finally, the microorganisms are identified from the fungal and bacteria sequencing, summarized, and then prepared for your personalized report by BIOHM's Microbiome-trained Registered Dietitians. After that, your results are uploaded into your gut test portal account, in addition to an email notification letting you know they are available for you to view. Your BIOHM Gut Test results are designed to help you maximize your overall wellness and it accomplishes this by outlining your gut score on a scale of 1 to 10. Think of it as a credit score for your gut; the higher the better. It also includes a comparison of your results against all six major bacterial communities and four major fungal communities to normal levels. Additionally, you're also provided with a strain-by-strain analysis of your gut's bacterial and fungal communities. Most importantly, BIOHM’s Microbiome-trained Registered Dietitians explain whether your gut balance is in good shape with dietary, lifestyle, and supplemental recommendations to support your overall digestive health. So what are you waiting for? Your gut health is the key to your overall health. Optimize your gut health today with BIOHM's Gut Test, the most comprehensive sequencing available to consumers like you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to Internal Revenue Service data obtained by ProPublica, some of the wealthiest people in the world have paid extremely little in federal income taxes in recent years. In fact, several billionaires managed to whittle down their federal income tax return to zero dollars. Tesla CEO Elon Musk managed to do so in 2018. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, now the world's richest man, paid zero dollars in federal income taxes in 2007 and 2011. The report underlines that some of the wealthiest people in the US contribute little to nothing in tax revenue, while those who barely get by have to pick up the tab. In fact, according to ProPublica's estimations, the 25 wealthiest people in the US saw their worth rise $401 billion from 2014 to 2018, paying just $13.6 billion in federal income taxes — and at a measly rate of just 3.4 percent. Despite publicly advocating for higher taxes for the rich, even Warren Buffet paid only $23.7 million in taxes despite his worth rising $24.3 billion over the same period. The effect is that some of the world's wealthiest people appear quite cheap. In 2011, for instance, Bezos went as far as reporting that he lost money, by arguing his investment losses outweighed his income. Bezos even claimed and received a $4,000 tax credit for his children that year. The trend is likely to continue, as lawmakers have struggled to pass tax increases for the wealthy. Not even small incremental changes stand a chance of being passed by Congress. The Biden administration recently proposed raising the top tax rate from 37 to 39.6 percent for the next fiscal year. Biden also unveiled $3.6 trillion in tax increases on wealthy Americans and big corporations earlier this month. Republicans have already denounced the plans and the plans will likely not be enacted, as The New York Times reports. But even those changes would be unlikely to close the loopholes billionaires are exploiting to pay close to zero — or zero — dollars in taxes every year. READ MORE: Elon Musk Paid $0 in Federal Income Tax in 2018: Report [Gizmodo] More on Musk: Elon Musk Mocks “Anonymous” For Threatening Him Share This Article 
Tesla CEO Elon Musk isn't afraid of Anonymous — or, at least, of folks on the internet who claim to be associated with the hacktivist organization Anonymous. Over the weekend, an account that claimed to be associated with the group uploaded a video to social media that accused the billionaire of destroying lives by playing the crypto markets. "You may think that you are the smartest person in the room, but now you have met your match," a robotic voice can be heard saying in the video. "We are Anonymous! We are Legion! Expect us." The accusations may have fallen on deaf ears. In fact, Musk has chosen to openly mock the video, showing that he's not intimated in any way. In a satirical sequel titled "Anonymous Part II," uploaded by Tesla investor and Elon Musk fanboy account "Not Financial Advice," the Anonymous voice was revealed to be Gordon Johnson, the CEO and Founder of GLJ Research. "Wait, wait, wait..." a second, non modulated voice interrupts the purported hacker. "Is this... is this Gordon Johnson?" "Who is this Jordan Gohnson you speak of?" the anonymous voice replies. The analyst has been one of Tesla's biggest bears, maintaining that Tesla has been overvalued on Wall Street. "No Gordon Johnson," the non-modulated voice says in the video. "The guy that has been wrong about Tesla for years now. It's you." The satirical video seems to have struck a chord, with Musk replying with two laughing emojis on Twitter. The joke is a riff on Musk's ongoing and well-documented battle with short sellers, investors who profit from Tesla shares dropping in the short term. As Musk's interactions show, the CEO has always liked to stay within his bubble on the social media platform. In many ways, the satirical video was tailor made for him. The video clearly demonstrates that Musk and his supporters believe the Anonymous video released over the weekend was made by short sellers trying to squeeze a buck out of Tesla with by trying to cover their short positions. Yet we have very little information about the original intent of the video. Could it have been angry investors, or was the hacktivist group actually behind it, making real accusations of the billionaire destroying lives? Musk's indecisiveness and flip flopping on Bitcoin has caused an already volatile cryptocurrency to fluctuate even more wildly in recent months. That means, while plenty of people were able to make big bucks, many were left out in the cold. But as even Musk himself has repeatedly warned, it's not a good idea to stick your life savings in any cryptocurrency. That leaves the obvious question: should Musk really be blamed for destroying people's lives? To the group that claims to be Anonymous, there's a straightforward answer. The actual situation, of course is a lot more complicated than that. While cryptocurrencies have gained a lot of support from all sides of the market recently, its volatility still makes it an extremely risky investment. More on the saga: Remember Anonymous? Now They're Threatening Elon Musk Share This Article 
While Apple continues to push the boundaries of tech with augmented reality and self-driving cars, for many people, it's the Mac that matters most to them. Setapp is an easy way to turn your Mac into a productivity machine, by giving you access to a hand-selected library of apps for every need. If you act fast, you can get a year-long subscription for nearly half off its total value.  The fundamental problem with any app store is that even the simplest task has a flood of choices at this point. Do you go with a high-rated solution with few reviews, or stick with the brand name? And if the app turns out to be a dud, you rarely get a refund for it. Setapp solves this issue with a simple-to-use library. Setapp has been called "the Spotify of Mac apps" by TechCrunch, and that's a good analogy for how it works. When you subscribe, it opens a curated app library that picks the best apps for productivity, maintenance, task management, and more. Choose a task you want to complete and Setapp will give you a collection of tools that get the job done. Each app is vetted by the Setapp team before being added, and installing is as simple as clicking on it. When you're done working, you can uninstall it just as easily. Everything you download is free of any distractions; you'll never have to buy a feature in-app, deal with an ad slowing you down, or any other distractions. Each app is automatically updated with upgrades as they roll out, so you won't have to pay for that, either. And, over time, Setapp learns what's most useful for you and will make personalized recommendations as new choices appear in the library. Generally, a year of Setapp will cost $119. Right now, though, you can save 42% and get all the Mac apps you need for $69. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A drone just refueled a US fighter jet in midair for the first time, the US Navy announced today. An uncrewed MQ-25 Stingray, a drone purpose-built for aerial refueling that flew for the first time in September 2019, refueled the Navy's F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jet after being launched from the MidAmerica Airport in Mascoutah, Illinois. The successful test goes to show that uncrewed military aircraft may be able to serve new purposes beyond simply completing reconnaissance missions or wiping out targets. It also frees up the Navy's expensive crewed fighter jets for other tasks. During the flight, the two aircraft got within just 20 feet from each other. The Stingray then extended a hose, which the Super Hornet then connected with to receive fuel. "This flight lays the foundation for integration into the carrier environment, allowing for greater capability toward manned-unmanned teaming concepts," said Brian Corey, rear admiral, who oversees the Navy's Program Executive Office for Unmanned Aviation and Strike Weapons, in a statement. Chad Reed, program manager for the Navy’s Unmanned Carrier Aviation program office, called the event "a significant and exciting moment for the Navy." "This is our mission, an unmanned aircraft that frees our strike fighters from the tanker role, and provides the Carrier Air Wing with greater range, flexibility and capability," Reed added. The same drone will now be used for several other testing flights in the coming months. READ MORE: Drone refuels U.S. Navy fighter jet in midair for the first time [CBS News] More on drones: The US Military Is Looking for a Drone-Killing Bazooka Share This Article 
Maybe it takes one to know one. Former president Donald Trump told Fox Business today that Bitcoin "seems like a scam" and that it only serves to undermine the US dollar. "The currency of this world should be the dollar," Trump said. "And I don't think we should have all of the Bitcoins of the world out there. I think they should regulate them very, very high." "I don’t like it because it’s another currency competing against the dollar," the former world leader and current golf club resident continued. "I want the dollar to be the currency of the world." Many would say it's ironic for Trump to call Bitcoin a scam, since he has himself long been embroiled in a number of money-laundering controversies, with suspicious transactions regularly taking place amongst his closest ranks and family members. Despite Trump's views, though, the US government has made little effort to regulate cryptocurrencies within the US financial system. The new Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Gary Gensler has indicated, however, that regulators may soon start to have a closer look at crypto exchanges to protect markets and the public from manipulation. Trump's comments echo those made by many regulators who believe Bitcoin's inherent volatility makes it a poor fit for a national currency — or at least one that could determine the fate of a country's markets. Then there's the fact that Bitcoin has a less-than-stellar reputation thanks to criminals and scammers making use of the digital currency. In fact, Bitcoin has quickly become the default "ransom payment of choice" amongst cybercriminals, as senator Roy Blunt (R-MO) called it in a Sunday appearance on NBC. With the rise of Bitcoin over the last year, the Federal Trade Commission has taken note of a considerable rise in the number of crypto scams, with consumers losing almost $82 million to scammers in the fourth quarter of 2020 through the first quarter of 2021, the The Wall Street Journal reported. That kind of behavior hasn't deterred staunch supporters of cryptocurrencies. Advocates argue that it's a good thing that the tech's decentralized nature keeps it largely free from the influence of banks and Wall Street. But as we've seen time and time again, that volatility has often been steered by comments made by a select few. For instance, Tesla CEO Elon Musk's utterances have repeatedly sent the digital currency soaring — and sometimes crashing back down again, as when his car company Tesla announced it would reverse its decision to accept Bitcoin as a form of payment. Trump appears to have far less influence over the fate of Bitcoin compared to Musk. Prices fell from around $36,500 at 9 am this morning to around $35,600 at the time of writing. While regulators aren't exactly thrilled by the rise of blockchains, Bitcoin is increasingly starting to be accepted worldwide. In fact, Trump's comments come just days after El Salvador announced it will start accepting Bitcoin as legal tender alongside the US dollar — the first-ever sovereign nation to do so. So where does that leave the US dollar? To many, Trump included, the rise of Bitcoin is a direct threat to it, since it has been the de facto currency used in international transactions, and the official currency in several countries, for decades. Now more than ever, it's unclear what the future will hold for fiat currency like it. The Federal Reserve announced last month that it will release a research paper this summer exploring a shift towards a central bank digital currency. While it's exceedingly unlikely the Reserve will come forward with a new currency that bears any resemblance to Bitcoin, we've seen indications from several areas of the world that the future of currencies is digital first. China, the second largest country in the world in terms of GDP after the US, announced its own plans to launch its own central bank digital currency. Will the US dollar survive the rise of digital-first currencies? Given the repeated calls for protectionist policies and regulations, it's certainly a bigger threat than it has ever been. READ MORE: Trump: Bitcoin's a scam, US dollar should dominate [Fox Business] More on Bitcoin: This Country Plans to Be the First to Accept Bitcoin as Legal Tender Share This Article 
The benefits of providing smart devices for company employees are proven, even for small businesses. According to a 2016 Frost & Sullivan report, smartphone usage increases employee productivity by 34 percent. The even better news? The cost. A $500 device investment for an employee who earns $50,000 per year is roughly one work hour per month. An extra hour of work for a 34 percent jump in productivity is a smart investment that employers were making long before 2020, and now, the transition is critical. With pandemic restrictions still in place, employer-provided work devices are more important than ever as employees continue to work remotely while maintaining maximum professionalism. If your organization needs a little assistance setting up, managing and securing your employee's Apple devices, then you need to sign up for Jamf Now. Free for up to three devices, Jamf Now is only $2 per month per additional device.  Jamf Now is the IT department for companies that don't have one. For small to medium-sized businesses that run exclusively on Apple devices, Jamf Now allows you to manage company devices to help them work seamlessly together and accomplish your company mission from anywhere in the world. If setting up new devices, taking inventory, configuring email and updating devices isn't your forte, shift that complicated work to Jamf Now so you can focus on delivering the best product possible.  Even though Apple is famous for its user-friendly software, things can still get a little complicated with their more advanced features. While Apple Mobile Device Management (MDM) is what allows companies to distribute data and settings to iPhone, iPad, and Mac devices, it's not something every entrepreneur is equipped to handle—but  Jamf Now is ready to tackle your MDM needs and get information flowing.  Additionally, a network of disconnected work devices can be vulnerable to security threats like loss, theft, and security breaches.  Jamf Now can help with features such as password requirements, and the ability to lock or wipe a device.  Mobile devices help some of the most innovative small businesses run flawlessly and Jamf Now is here to help.  Sign up today and watch your business flourish with this simple and effective Apple device management software.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
One of the central ironies of modern life is that writing has become more important than ever before. Even the most visual social media uses text, we send emails constantly, and text our friends rather than call. Handwriting is even becoming a valuable diagnostic tool for Alzheimer's and other neurological disorders. The Award-Winning ProWritingAid Lifetime Subscription Bundle will help you become a sharper, more concise writer, whether you're writing the next great novel or just want to write a better email. ProWritingAid is more than just a grammar and style checker, although it has top-of-class tools to help you with those. It's also an editor and a writing mentor you can set up anywhere, even in your browser. As you write, it offers real-time feedback, so you can correct errors and deliver clearer prose as you go along, and tools such as Word Explorer and a contextual thesaurus so you always find the right word. You'll also get in-depth writing reports that go deeper, helping you refine your writing style over time and deliver writing that's clear, to the point, and useful for your audience. The bundle also includes a lifetime subscription to ProWritingAid University, a comprehensive self-paced writing school designed to give even the most experienced writer challenges to hone their skills. It offers a practical system to approach both fiction and non-fiction, with live writing workshops featuring professionals across the publishing industry. You'll hear from editors, book doctors, copywriters, and publishing marketing experts to understand every facet of the industry. And every class and workshop has been archived, so you can go through and get caught up on different styles and genres. Generally, to get a lifetime subscription to both services, you'd pay $1899. Yet right now, you can save 89% and get both for $199. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's no question that we're living in a golden age for adult video content. But even with all the videos for your viewing enjoyment, it's possible or even perhaps inevitable that you would grow bored with the status quo, and seek some new way to take your adult video experience to the next level. Virtual reality sex is that next level, and the KIIROO Titan VR Experience, gives you everything you need to explore it to the fullest. The centerpiece of the Titan VR Experience by KIIROO is the Titan itself, the world's first and best interactive vibrating stroker. If you're the type of person that can enjoy intense vibrations within a real-feel sleeve like those created by the Titan's strategic array of bullet-shaped motors, you might just consider the Titan the greatest thing to happen to home entertainment since HBO. Meanwhile, its touch-sensitive control pads bring both sensitivity and responsiveness like you’ve never felt before. The Titan VR Experience combines the power of the Titan with a virtual reality headset to take advantage of the thousands and thousands of hours of interactive virtual reality adult video already available online, as well as all the traditional adult content that can be upgraded by way of its use. A couple of minutes with the Titan, and the way you used to watch adult content online will seem like something out of the middle ages, while the Titan is your ticket to the virtual sex future of your fantasies. The KIIROO Titan can also connect with other Titan devices over the internet. So if you have a partner with one as well, you can bridge any physical distance by controlling every single vibration they feel through their own, or vice-versa -- presumably, you don't need me to explain these possibilities any further. If virtual reality sex is a new frontier for you, the Titan VR Experience from KIIROO is the ideal way to explore it for the first time. It comes with everything you need to get started, including the Titan itself and a VR headset that will turn any standard smartphone into a window into the universe of virtual reality. Also included in the $199 purchase price are a bottle of KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant, and a bottle of KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner, all discreetly (and freely!) shipped to your door. Virtual reality sex isn't purely a matter of visual immersion. You might not know it if you've ever used an interactive toy like the Titan before, but there are thousands of adult videos out there with synchronized vibrations programmed in, some in 3D and some in 2D. And it's all just waiting for you to experience with the help of the Titan VR Experience. So, if you're interested in virtual reality sex and interactive adult content, your only real option is to head over to the official KIIROO online store and buy your new Titan VR Experience now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Experts are warning that the sea ice covering much of the Arctic appears to be thinning twice as previously thought, The Guardian reports. In a new study published in the journal The Cryosphere today, a team of researchers have extrapolated how temperature, snowfall and ice floe movement can affect the accumulation of snow. Previously, we've had to rely on data collected by Soviet expeditions on frozen masses of sea ice between 1965 and 1991. The new computer model, which estimated snow cover from 2002 to 2018, showed that sea ice thickness is thinning twice as fast as compared to previous estimates — a worrying sign that the effects of climate change could be accelerating at an alarming rate. Snow is an important factor to judge the health of ice shelves in the Arctic, but it's tricky to track because it's invisible to satellite radar. "Sea ice thickness is a sensitive indicator of the health of the Arctic — and, when the Arctic warms, the world warms," lead author Robbie Mallett from the University College London told The Guardian. "Sea ice has begun forming later and later in the year, so the snow on top has less time to accumulate," Mallett said. "Our calculations account for this declining snow depth for the first time." Thinning ice could be compounding a number of concurrent issues. "Thicker ice acts as an insulating blanket, stopping the ocean from warming up the atmosphere in winter and protecting the ocean from the sunshine in summer," Mallett added. "Thinner ice is also less likely to survive during the Arctic summer melt." Researchers believe rapid changes in the Arctic could also be contributing to extreme weather events, including droughts and floods in the northern hemisphere. With large masses of ice melting, shipping routes are becoming shorter and shorter. In February, a cargo ship made a round trip around Siberia between China and Europe for the first time in winter, according to The Guardian. That also means a higher risk of oil spills in the Arctic, according to Mallett. Scientists, however, are optimistic that the new tracking models could allow them to better forecast the long term effects climate change is having on the Arctic — and perhaps ways to slow down the disappearance of sea ice. READ MORE: Arctic sea ice thinning twice as fast as thought, study finds [The Guardian] More on sea ice: World's Largest Iceberg Breaks off Antarctica Share This Article 
Sometime this month, Congress is set to release the unclassified version of a long-awaited report into sightings of "unidentified aerial phenomena," the culmination of various reports by military personnel of mysterious UFOs that have at times appeared to defy the laws of physics. Ahead of the release, reporters at The New York Times have gotten an advanced briefing of what we can expect to find in the report. In short, the report will remain unsurprisingly vague — in other words, the government's best minds appear to remain stumped. According to the newspaper's sources among US officials, the one certainty that will come out of the report is the fact that most of the more than 120 incidents on record did not originate from any secret projects by the US military. Beyond that, they say the report has little to add in concrete findings, suggesting that despite their best efforts, the military has made very little headway in figuring out what's going on with the unidentified objects. Thanks to the report's ambiguity, in fact, the military isn't able to "definitively rule out theories that the phenomena observed by military pilots might be alien spacecraft," according to the NYT's reporting. A classified annex will "not contain any evidence concluding that the phenomena are alien spacecraft," according to the NYT. But this annex will remain off limits from the public and could "continue to fuel speculation that the government had secret data about alien visitations to Earth," the reporters write. In other words, the report could ultimately be of little consequence — but at the same time, it's unlikely to dissuade true believers from continuing to speculate about alien encounters. The news comes after several high-profile interviews have reignited the discussion surrounding UFOs. Even former US president Barack Obama elaborated on his opinion in a recent interview on the CBS' "The Late Late Show with James Corden." "What is true, and I’m actually being serious here," Obama said on the show, "is that there is footage and records of objects in the skies that we don’t know exactly what they are." "When it comes to aliens, there are things I just can’t tell you on air," he added, laughing. READ MORE: U.S. Finds No Evidence of Alien Technology in Flying Objects, but Can’t Rule It Out, Either [The New York Times] More on the sightings: Astrophysicist Says Alien UFO Theories Are Stupid Share This Article 
When we talk about language, we tend to focus on spoken language. Even artificial intelligence is working to "speak" in our voices. Yet gesture is just as important as words, and American Sign Language (ASL) has quickly evolved into a language all its own. The Ultimate Learn American Sign Language Bundle is designed not just to teach you a new language, but a new appreciation for what it means to communicate. If you're completely new to ASL, the bundle starts with a full two-hour course on the manual alphabet, the foundation of sign language. Then you can explore pronouns and vocabulary, to begin building your visual library of signs. You'll learn fingerspelling with a series of exercises and challenges, which will help you get a practical sense of the manual alphabet, learn essential phrases, which will begin a more complex exploration of ASL, and master the basics of communication, such as days and phrases. From there, the bundle is designed to move you through a string of different sets of words to create a practical everyday mastery of ASL. You'll learn how parents and children communicate, how to communicate emotions with signs, how occupations and the workplace use sign language, country names, animals and numbers, colors, antonyms, and action verbs. The course closes with three more advanced classes to help you master the languages. "Tom Loves Ruth" and "Holly Arrested Kurt" combine all of the skills you've learned from the 19 other courses into a comprehensive look at signing that will set the stage for more advanced work. The narrative reinforces remembering specific signs and will require mastery of every skill. It's ideal to learn for a more inclusive workplace, to communicate with the hard of hearing, or simply to master a new skill. Normally this ultimate bundle would cost $4179, but right now, you can get over a thousand lessons in ASL for just $19.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A massive container ship carrying 330 tons of oil and 25 tons of flammable nitric acid off the coast of Sri Lanka was hit by an explosion last week after the Sri Lankan navy failed to put out the flames that had been raging on board for at least four days. Now the fire is quickly turning into a horrifying environmental disaster. And officials in Sri Lanka are bracing for the disaster to get even worse, as the Associated Press reports. It's a harsh reminder that container ships are vulnerable and pose considerable environmental risks. We haven't even seen the full extent of the damage caused to the environment by this latest catastrophe. Earlier this week, the doomed container ship started sinking, threatening to bring down almost 330 tons of oil with it. The bow of the ship became submerged enough to rest on the seabed, stopping short efforts to haul it away from the port in Colombo, Sri Lanka's executive and judicial capital. Officials are racing to get ahead of the impending disaster. In response, the government has banned any fishing along a 50 mile stretch of coastline. But the effects of the incident can already be seen. The western coastline of Sri Lanka is being blanketed in billions of plastic pellets that are potentially coated in toxic chemicals. The pellets "will persist in the marine environment forever as they are not biodegradable," Charitha Pattiaratchi, a professor of oceanography at the University of Western Australia, told the AP. The oil on board may have burned off in the flames already, but there's no guarantee. "But we have to look at the worst-case scenario and we are not saying 100 percent there is no oil," Colombo port’s harbor master, Nirmal Silva, said in a statement quoted by the AP. "There is a possibility that there may be some. So far we have not seen any oil spill. We consider we are lucky." The Sri Lankan government is planning to take legal action against the owners of the ship for compensation. "If this disaster happened due to negligence, then those responsible should be punished," Sri Lanka’s environment minister Mahinda Amaraweera said, according to the AP. READ MORE: Sri Lanka braces for environmental disaster as ship sinks [Associated Press] More on the incident: Burned Container Ship Is Sinking With 330 Tons of Oil On Board Share This Article 
Acclaimed musician Claire "Grimes" Boucher posted a TikTok video on Wednesday night in which she returned to one of her favorite pastimes: overpromising what artificial intelligence can provide to society. "I have a proposition for the communists," she said in the video. "Typically, most of the communists I know are not big fans of AI. But — if you think about it — AI is actually the fastest path to communism." Grimes went on to explain that, in her vision of the future, powerful AI would be able to automate away societal challenges like food production, ushering in an era of plenty — a diatribe that invokes the aging meme of "fully automated luxury space communism," or the idea that automation is poised to bring about an opulent and equitable future for humankind. It's worth noting that Grimes, though accomplished in her own right, is also in a relationship with SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk, an extraordinarily powerful industry figure who has at least some power to bring Grimes' ideas to reality. "If implemented correctly, AI could actually theoretically solve for abundance," Grimes continued. "Like, we could totally get to a situation where nobody has to work, everybody is provided for with a comfortable state of being, comfortable living." It's a rosy and appealing vision of the future, to be sure: Sitting back and enjoying our time on Earth while robots and AI algorithms handle the hard parts. Unfortunately, at least for now, it's hard to imagine any algorithm or machine built with the technology of today or even the foreseeable future that would be up to the challenge, as nice as it sounds. Grimes, who once said that she would like to move to Mars when she's older even if that meant having to do "manual labor until death," concluded by saying that AI could theoretically provide the best parts of communism but without forced labor on a collective farm. "'Cause let's be real," she said, "enforced farming is really not a vibe." More on Grimes: Grimes: Humanity Is at the "End of Art, Human Art" Share This Article 
Physicists used the world's largest atom accelerator, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Switzerland, to smash lead particles together at just shy of the speed of light in a bid to recreate the first matter created by the creation of the universe. This primordial goo, called "quark-gluon plasma" (QGP), only appeared for a tiny fraction of a second — 10 to the minus 23 seconds, to be precise — but the scientists managed to get an unprecedented look. What they found was surprising: the viscosity of the primordial fluid turned out to be astonishingly close to water, leading the researchers to conclude that elementary particles formed fractions of a second after the Big Bang may have flowed like water, as detailed in a new study published in the journal SciPost Physics last week. The results could redefine the way we understand the period of time after the Big Bang. Just microseconds after the beginning of the universe, according to the new research, extremely hot QGP cooled quickly to form the elements that now fill the known universe. We've been able to recreate QPG since the early 2000s, but only now have been able to observe how it behaves, according to a statement by the researchers. QGP's viscosity and density are both technically 16 orders of magnitude larger than in water, but the ratio between the two are essentially the same, according to the study. That means the two fluids will flow in the same way despite their significant differences. "We do not fully understand the origin of this striking similarity yet but we think it could be related to the fundamental physical constants which set both the universal lower limit of viscosity for both ordinary liquids and quark-gluon plasma," Kostya Trachenko, a physics professor at Queen Mary University of London and author of the recent paper, said in the statement. The results could change the way we understand the primordial goo that was created by the Big Bang. "It is conceivable that the current result can provide us with a better understanding of the quark-gluon plasma," said Vadim Brazhkin, professor at the Russian Academy of Sciences, who was not involved in the research, in the statement. "The reason is that viscosity in liquids at their minimum corresponds to a very particular regime of liquid dynamics which we understood only recently," he added. "The similarity with the QGP suggests that particles in this exotic system move in the same way as in tap water." Next, scientists are hoping to turn back the clock even further using particle accelerators like the LHC to get an even earlier look at the development of the universe. READ MORE: Our Universe's Earliest State of Matter Was Like an Ocean of Perfect Liquid [Science Alert] More on the Big Bang: Scientists Say New Experiment Will Determine “Fate of the Universe” Share This Article 
It wasn't so long ago that the internet was supposedly about to kill the book. Instead, we now use the internet, or at least machine learning, to recommend books, find deals on books, and even to write books. Still, if you're nervous about getting to that ever-growing library on your Kindle or in the corner of your bedroom, or need to be picky about what you spend your time on, a two-year subscription to Blinkist Premium will help you corral that herd of words. And if you act fast, you can save 73% off the retail price, as this deal is only available for a limited time. Blinkist is built to help you get the gist of popular nonfiction books quickly, so you can decide whether you want to dig deeper. It offers detailed, concise summaries in both text and audio form, called Shortcasts, so you can understand the main points of a book. Shortcasts are produced with the assistance of the original authors, ensuring that every production contains the most important points from the work and insights you won't get anywhere else, while preserving the intent of the author. All of this content is available for download, so you can keep a library on your phone and stay productive even when your signal drops out. You can sync any highlights you make with Evernote, so you'll always have a summary handy, and send Blinkist's summaries to your Kindle, perfect for creating lists to read or checking out which books you want to read in-depth. Blinkist currently has over 4,500 titles in its premium library, on topics ranging from parenting to corporate communication. And 70 more titles are added every month, including classics from the field and the latest bestsellers. Normally a two-year premium subscription to Blinkist would cost $383, but for the next two weeks, it's just $99, at 73% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Unless you live under a rock, it's unlikely that this is the first you've heard of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Ethereum. But you might have assumed that it's too late for you to get into this field in any effective way because you've already missed the boat. Fortunately, you'd be wrong, and Kraken is the crypto trading platform that gives everyone, regardless of skill or experience level, what they need to buy, sell, and trade digital currencies in today's marketplace. If you're new to crypto, and have never had so much as a single token to your name, Kraken is the ideal way to get started. When you enter the world of cryptocurrency through Kraken, you'll have access to their assemblage of crypto guides who will take you through every step of the process and answer any and all questions you might have. Kraken's crypto resource center will help guide you through the basics of trading digital assets and how it's changing the way the world thinks about money and finance. Regardless of your experience level in the crypto universe, Kraken gives you all the tools you need to hit the ground running. Kraken was built and designed with the goal of being an intuitive experience for both crypto beginners and experts alike, so user friendliness is one of the central features of its interface. Buy, sell, make trades, monitor the marketplace, make easy deposits and withdrawals, measure your portfolio's performance, and keep track of all of your digital assets, all in one convenient place. Kraken is already one of the largest crypto exchanges in the world, with users in more than 190 countries, and their ambition is to introduce even more people to cryptocurrency's myriad possibilities. But the Kraken platform has advanced features that go beyond simple buying, selling, and trading, too, like margin and futures trading -- perfect for the intermediate or advanced user who really wants to maximize the potential of their portfolio. Most crypto trading platforms make money by charging users a flat fee for every transaction, and some of them incorporate hidden fees into the bargain as well. Kraken does neither, and instead works by way of a volume-based, investor-friendly fee structure that essentially rewards you with lower fees the more trades you make. So if you make enough trades on Kraken, you'll see fees as little as 0 percent! While the appeal of Kraken for beginning and intermediate crypto investors should be obvious, experts in the crypto game should be able to find plenty of reasons to make the switch to Kraken, too. It boasts a large selection of cryptocurrencies from privacy coins to platform tokens, with 70+ currency pairs to choose from and new assets being added all the time. Kraken is also the top crypto exchange for Bitcoin liquidity, and high liquidity is generally a priority for all the currencies traded on Kraken, with tight spreads that allow you to trade at the price you want. Robust features are simple to use but sophisticated enough to give you the control you want in both trades and some of the most advanced charting tools now available. Regardless of your level of experience, Kraken is a perfect way to explore the possibilities of cryptocurrency. So if you're interested in crypto or looking for the best way to grow the assets you already have, head over to Kraken's site now to get started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA announced today that it has selected two new missions to Venus, Earth's closest planetary neighbor. The goals of the missions, named DAVINCI+ (Deep Atmosphere Venus Investigation of Noble gases, Chemistry, and Imaging) and VERITAS (Venus Emissivity, Radio Science, InSAR, Topography, and Spectroscopy), are to gain a deeper understanding into how Venus turned into the hell hole it is today — despite sharing plenty of other qualities with Earth. It's a watershed moment in space exploration, lifting the "Venus curse" after decades of languishing efforts to send spacecraft to our planetary neighbor, as Scientific American points out. "We’re revving up our planetary science program with intense exploration of a world that NASA hasn’t visited in over 30 years," Thomas Zurbuchen, NASA’s associate administrator for science, said in an official statement. DAVINCI+ will involve a spacecraft probing the composition of the Venusian atmosphere. A descent sphere will make its way through the planet's extremely thick atmosphere, measuring its chemical make up as it goes. The planet's atmosphere has long fascinated researchers. The news comes after scientists discovered significant sources of phosphine in the atmosphere of Venus in September 2020. Phosphine is a colorless and odorless gas that they say is a possible sign of life inside Venus's clouds. The DAVINCI+ probe will also take the first high resolution pictures of "tesserae," which are rough Venetian equivalent of Earth's continents, according to NASA. VERITAS, the second mission selected by NASA, will attempt to both map the planet's surface to find out more about its geologic history, and map infrared emissions from its surface to figure out what it is made of. "Using cutting-edge technologies that NASA has developed and refined over many years of missions and technology programs, we’re ushering in a new decade of Venus to understand how an Earth-like planet can become a hothouse," Zurbuchen said. "Our goals are profound," he added. "It is not just understanding the evolution of planets and habitability in our own solar system, but extending beyond these boundaries to exoplanets, an exciting and emerging area of research for NASA." READ MORE: NASA Selects 2 Missions to Study ‘Lost Habitable’ World of Venus [NASA] More on Venus: Scientists Turn Radio Signal From Venus Into Audio You Can Listen to Share This Article 
It's widely accepted that STEM education helps kids to evolve into more successful adults. That's because STEM helps kids with critical thinking, increases their scientific literacy, while also encouraging them to become the next generation of innovators. However, when it comes to educational toys marketed to help your kids gain interest in STEM, most don't keep children's interest for very long. Sadly, you often end up wasting money while the toys collect dust sitting unused on a shelf. However, the Edible Chemistry Kit from Fat Brain Toys is different. It's a collection of awesome science experiments that will capture kids' attention and keep them engaged. One thing you can agree on is that science has come a long way since you were a kid. This also rings true for the science-based educational toys that are available today. The chemistry set you likely had while growing up was not only rudimentary, but kind of boring. In fact, you were unquestionably instructed not to put anything from your childhood chemistry kit in your mouth, which probably saved you a trip to the ER. Thankfully, you won't need to worry about that with the Edible Chemistry Kit from Fat Brain Toys because everything included is safe for your kids to eat. In fact, the Edible Chemistry Kit is designed to help children develop a love of science through the fine art of gastronomy (aka the food-based science experiments included in the kit). These experiments are teach children how to follow directions, measure, problem-solve, and formulate hypotheses. This is accomplished with the kits' 16 tasty, easy-to-follow experiments that include funny fizzy drinks, color-changing foaming jelly, polymer pudding, and cabbages that do as they're told. The kit includes easy-to-follow instructions that ensure safe, non-toxic results that are fun for the whole family. And unlike hard-to-follow Youtube tutorials, you don't need to worry about gathering all kinds of hard-to-find materials beforehand, because everything you need is included in the box. When used properly, all the ingredients included in the Edible Chemistry Kit are food-grade and non-toxic. But it must be noted that this kit is not for making edible treats. It's expressly a food-grade chemistry set designed to be tasted. Although they may look fun and cool, the experiments are simply a way to expand your child's interests in science while also allowing them to indulge their senses. Plus, at less than $20, it's one of the best ways to keep your children busy without breaking the bank. Whether you're looking for a fun way to introduce your kids to STEM education or simply trying to find something that will keep them entertained while they're home for the summer, the Edible Chemistry Kit from Fat Brain Toys is the perfect answer. So order your Edible Chemistry Kit today and let the learning begin! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to documents obtained by The Wall Street Journal, Tesla failed on several occasions to preapprove CEO Elon Musk's tweets, as it was required to do by a court order. It's the latest chapter in the long saga of Musk's disagreement and frustration with federal regulators, governing bodies Musk has shown very little respect for over the last couple of years. In 2018, Musk was sued by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as a result of the billionaire tweeting that the company allegedly had plans to take Tesla private. "[Musk] falsely indicated that, should he so choose, it was virtually certain that he could take Tesla private at a purchase price that reflected a substantial premium over Tesla stock’s then-current share price," the SEC's lawsuit read at the time, "that funding for this multi-billion dollar transaction had been secured, and that the only contingency was a shareholder vote." As part of the $40 million settlement, half paid by Musk and half paid by Tesla, Musk agreed to have his tweets overlooked by Tesla lawyers. But according to letters sent out in 2019 and 2020, obtained by the WSJ, the SEC found that those lawyers failed to do their job. Musk tweeted about his car company's solar roof production volumes and stock prices — communications that were not properly vetted, according to the SEC. "Tesla has abdicated the duties required of it by the court’s order," reads the May 2020 letter, signed by senior SEC official Steven Buchholz. "In the face of Mr. Musk’s repeated refusals to submit his covered written communications on Twitter to Tesla for pre-approval, we are very concerned by Tesla’s repeated determinations that there have been no policy violations because of purported carve-outs," the letter reads, as quoted by the WSJ. Musk has publicly been derisive about the securities commission on a number of occasions, even after the settlement. "I do not respect the SEC," Musk famously said during a "60 Minutes" interview with CBS back in 2018. "I do not respect them." Musk has also run afoul of transportation regulators, clashing with the National Transportation Safety Board when it comes to Tesla's self-driving technologies. The billionaire has also thrown criticism at the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which is keeping a tight leash on his space company SpaceX's efforts to develop a spacecraft capable of traveling to Mars. These efforts have led to gigantic explosions on a number of occasions at the company's South Texas testing facilities, with the FAA raising red flags over safety concerns earlier this year. Tesla, though, sees the SEC's efforts as a witch hunt. "The serial nature of these investigations leaves us gravely concerned that the SEC is targeting Mr. Musk for an improper purpose," attorney Alex Spiro told the newspaper. Musk's battle with regulators is far from over. With increasingly ambitious plans to allow cars to fully drive themselves on public roads and gigantic spacecraft taking off from South Texas, the CEO is bound to continue butting heads with them. But it's also time for the SEC to show it has some teeth, if it has any. Despite the letters, we have seen very little effect, if any at all, on Musk's rash behavior on social media. READ MORE: Tesla Failed to Oversee Elon Musk’s Tweets, SEC Argued in Letters [The Wall Street Journal] More on the SEC: Elon Musk Just Changed His Title at Tesla Share This Article 
Is it hot in here, or is it just the fusion reactor?  China broke a record with its Experimental Advanced Superconducting Tokamak (EAST) fusion reactor on Friday when it sustained a plasma temperature of 120 million degrees Celsius for 101 seconds, according to the state-run outlet Global Times. The reactor was also able to sustain a temperature of 160 million degrees Celsius for 20 seconds. For perspective, the core of our solar system’s Sun "only" reaches about 15 million degrees Celsius, according to Space.com. So, for a moment, EAST got more than 10 times hotter than that.    This marks a big milestone for the EAST reactor, which has been dubbed the "artificial Sun" for its ability to replicate the natural nuclear fusion process of stars. Doing so could help unlock the mystery to creating sustainable, reliable fusion power. "The breakthrough is significant progress, and the ultimate goal should be keeping the temperature at a stable level for a long time," said Li Miao, the director of the department of physics at the Southern University of Science and Technology in Shenzhen, China, to the Global Times.   The reactor's most recent feat is especially impressive considering that the EAST reactor had previously reached a record temperature of 100 million degrees Celsius in 2018. Now it’s smashed that number and then some.   Lin Boqiang, the director of the China Center for Energy Economics Research at Xiamen University, told the Global Times that nuclear fusion ultimately represents the future for clean energy — though he stressed that it's likely going to be decades before a working reactor emerges from experimental stages.   "It’s more like a future technology that’s critical for China’s green development push," Boqiang told the Global Times.  Regardless of when fusion reactors finally goes beyond experiments, this development is still incredibly exciting — and represents just another big step forward to making unlimited clean energy a reality.  READ MORE: China maintains 'artificial sun' at 120 million Celsius for over 100 seconds, setting new world record [Global Times] More on EAST: China: New “Artificial Sun” Will Be Completed This Year Share This Article 
As 2021 has unfolded, it's been easier to play with improbable swords from video games than play the games themselves. The PS5, Xbox Series X, and Nintendo Switch have all been in high demand, with stocks selling out instantly. Fortunately, in our giveaway, you can get all three and more, while contributing to the music charity Playing For Change. Our giveaway not only includes the PS5, Series X, and Switch, but also five-year subscriptions to PlayStation Plus, Nintendo Switch Online, and Xbox Game Pass, so you've got instant libraries and online multiplayer for all three right out of the gate. You'll also win a Sony X900H 65” 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV, Bose QuietComfort 35 Series 2 Gaming Headset, and the Oculus Quest 2 virtual reality headset. It's over $5,000 of gaming gear to help you keep playing. To win, you simply buy a block of entries, where the more you buy, the more entries you get. Donating $10 gets you 100 entries, and contributing $25 secures 250 entries. Step that donation up to $50 and you'll get 1,000 entries, $75 for 1,500 entries, or, for the best chance, spend $100 for 2,500 entries or $150 and get 4,500 entries into the giveaway. You can donate as many times as you'd like, and you'll be giving to a great cause. The Playing For Change Foundation gives local educators in countries across the globe the resources they need to teach kids their country's musical traditions in a way that's sustainable and grounded in their culture. No matter what a teacher needs, whether it's support in the community or access to materials, Playing For Change helps make it happen. Since its founding in 2007, Playing for Change has given more than 40,000 kids around the world the power of music, and currently operates 15 music programs in 11 countries. So whether you love music, games, or both, donating is a great way to bring a little more joy to the world. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’ve been working from home a lot over the last year, you’re acutely aware of just how noisy your homes (and the homes of your colleagues) can really be. And if you don’t have the ability to convert any of your rooms into a soundproof office, and don’t feel like taking your calls in a closet, you might think you don’t have any options. But with the Krisp noise cancelling app, you can turn any room in your home into a totally quiet meeting space, at least as far as the people on the other end of your call are concerned. Telecommuters the world over have already discovered the way Krisp can provide crystal-clear audio to calls and video conferences. It works by filtering out any and all unwanted noises from the voices you actually want to hear. It’s compatible with Skype, Zoom, Meet, and more than 800 other online communications platforms. So no matter what you use to telecommute, it’s a safe bet that Krisp can make your calls quieter and clearer. Wondering how it works? Krisp couldn’t be easier to install and use, but the technology that makes it work is actually quite advanced. With sophisticated AI powered by its own Deep Neural Network, Krisp analyzed 20,000 sounds and 50,000 speakers in order to be able to tell the difference between good sound and bad. This makes Krisp significantly better than most other “noise-cancelling” products out there, like headphones that filter out all outside noise from whatever it is you’re listening to. That’s great for listening to music, or sleeping in absolute silence, but it lacks the precision of Krisp, which can intelligently filter the sounds you want from the sounds you don’t, resulting in crystal clarity and perfect quiet on both ends of your conference calls. Put simply, Krisp creates a layer of quiet between the microphones and speakers in your calls and video conferences. But the best way to learn how it works is to try it yourself, which you can do for free right now. In fact, there’s a free version of Krisp that you can use all the time, which gives you full use of the app for up to two hours a week. But if you telecommute more often than that, you’ll more likely prefer Krisp premium, which offers unlimited use for just $3.33 per month, billed annually -- a small price to pay for peace and quiet. Whichever version of Krisp is right for you, you can get more info and sign up now at the official Krisp site. Once you get it up and running, the noisiest room in your house will essentially become a nice, peaceful meeting room. So don't wait. Sign up for your free Krisp app, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Tesla has decided to make use of the driver-facing camera in its Model 3 and Y cars — to make sure drivers are paying attention while using the self-driving assistance feature Autopilot, TechCrunch reports. A software update, spotted by several Tesla owners, specifies that the "cabin camera above the rearview mirror can now detect and alert driver inattentiveness while Autopilot is engaged." According to the company, any footage taken by the camera never makes it out of the vehicle, like a closed circuit security camera. It's a sign that Tesla may be starting to buckle under pressure. The news comes after several reports of Tesla drivers misusing the Autopilot system, including a man seen riding the vehicle from the backseat while fooling the system into thinking there was a driver in the driver's seat — something that's exceedingly easy to do, according to recent investigations. In the worst cases, drivers abusing — or vastly overestimating the capabilities of — Tesla's Autopilot system ended up being involved in fatal crashes. Add it up, and the new software update represents a reversal for the company. Tesla has so far not made use of its driver and passenger-facing cameras, instead using sensors in the steering wheel to make sure people are driving attention. Other car companies have long made use of cameras to ensure that drivers are alert and paying attention to the road, as with General Motors' Super Cruise feature. Tesla has also come under fire for selling an optional $10,000 add-on called Full Self-Driving (FSD), a feature that doesn't actually allow the car to fully drive itself, but rather allows its vehicles to do tasks like navigate complex intersections and be summoned in parking lots. The new software update signifies a greater shift for the Elon Musk-led company. Tesla signaled earlier this month that it is no longer relying on radar for its Autopilot systems and is planning to shift entirely on using vision. In a May statement, Tesla announced that "beginning with deliveries in May 2021, Model 3 and Model Y vehicles built for the North American market will no longer be equipped with radar." "When radar and vision disagree, which one do you believe?" Musk tweeted in April. "Vision has much more precision, so better to double down on vision than do sensor fusion." Many say, though, that ditching radar will only contribute to making Tesla vehicles less safe. Consumer Reports no longer lists the Model 3 as a Top Pick, as TechCrunch points out. Regulators are equally unimpressed by the decision. The National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration also announced that any Model 3 and Y vehicles built after April 27 will not be receiving its checkmark for a number of driver assist features. READ MORE: Tesla has activated its in-car camera to monitor drivers using Autopilot [TechCrunch] More on Tesla: Cybertruck Patents Reveal “Armor Glass,” Retractable Solar Panels Share This Article 
While the hype around Apple is all about self-driving cars and augmented reality, for many people, Apple is still the company that makes their workhorse laptop. The All-Star Mac Bundle helps you get the most from your Mac, for work and play. Use discount code ALLSTARMAC to get 30% off this already-discounted package. With a one-year subscription to Parallels Pro, running multiple operating systems on your Mac is a snap. Optimized for MacOS 11, and with a one-click install for Windows 10, you can easily turn a personal Mac into a Windows machine for work; run multiple test environments for your websites, apps, and graphic design; or maintain a Windows environment for gaming and entertainment. Parallels Pro includes tools to transfer files easily between systems as well, making it ideal for people considering a switch to Mac. Virtual private networks help protect your privacy and limit what data your ISP collects. FastestVPN guards all your devices with 256-bit AES encryption and an NAT firewall across its network of more than 350 servers. It offers optimized P2P servers for quick speeds, plus malware and ad blockers, making it easier and safer to get work done. Keeping on top of clients is crucial for any career, and BusyContacts offers a customer relationship management solution that scales with you. It syncs with your calendar and contact book, with full integration into social media platforms like Twitter, as well. This puts information about your clients into a database that's easy to sort and search to stay on top of their needs, and keep bringing in business. Document tracking and editing can take up more time than you have in your day. PDFChef streamlines your digital document control, with easy-to-use and effective tools for creating, editing, and converting PDFs, including signing contracts and annotating documents for correction. It also works cross-platform, so you only need one license to use it for work and your side-hustle, or to share documents with your team. Moho Debut makes animation simple. With a bone-rigging system and vector-based drawing tools, a built-in audio system, and a content library and beginner's mode, web engineers, graphic designers, and artists can get started right out of the box. Normally, the subscriptions and licenses in this bundle would cost $876 taken together. Yet right now, you can get the entire All-Star Mac Bundle for $34.99, with coupon code ALLSTARMAC. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While everyone is used to handling a little stress here and there, the truth is that it can have significant, long-lasting effects on our bodies.  In fact, stress affects every aspect of our physical and mental health. It can occupy our minds, making us distracted, irritable, and unable to sleep. Stress is at the root of anxiety and depression. Physically, if unchecked, chronic stress impairs the immune system and increases the risk of developing health conditions like metabolic disorders and cardiovascular disease. There are a variety of ways to combat stress, with everything from prescribed medications for anxiety, meditation, exercise, and deep breathing and mindfulness practices that can calm us when we're frazzled. But there's a scientifically proven way to manage stress by working with your body’s innate ability to recover, allowing you to access a better version of  yourself. That's what Apollo Neuro is all about.  Apollo Neuro may look like a simple wristband, but this scientifically validated technology uses novel touch therapy that builds your resilience to stress. Harnessing the power of the human body, Apollo Neuro trains the nervous system to rebalance after stress, leading to better sleep, calm, mood, and focus. Multiple studies and clinical trials have shown that Apollo improves heart rate variability, a key biometric of stress resilience. Here's how it works: when we experience stress, it triggers a fight-or-flight response in our nervous system, sending out a danger signal to our entire body. That resulting state of hyper-vigilence after stress makes us overwhelmed, distracted and unable to sleep. Apollo Neuro essentially interrupts that state and gets us back on track. Worn on the wrist or ankle, Apollo Neuro delivers gentle, soothing vibrations that tell your brain that you’re safe and in control, rebalancing your nervous system so it can relax into a rest-and-digest state. Use the Apollo app to choose between modes that help you transition throughout your day, from waking up to winding down from work to getting a better night’s sleep.  Like any form of therapy, Apollo Neuro should be used regularly in order to get the best results. When used consistently, Apollo Neuro retrains your nervous system to manage stress more effectively on its own. The more you use it, the better it works. The results are clear: over time, you may notice that it's magically easier to sleep, focus and have a productive day, but there's no magic involved—it's just that Apollo Neuro is that easy and that good.  Apollo has a rapidly growing fanbase, and its novel technology leaves some users feeling a bit like superheroes.  “Game changer," said Julian S. "The ability to turn the knobs on our autonomic nervous system is akin to superhuman ability.” Jeremy N. agrees, saying that Apollo Neuro is "hands down the best wearable I have ever purchased—it teaches your body to de-stress on its own.” For those who are looking for stats, Briana K. monitored how much Apollo Neuro improved her sleep cycle. “Apollo has profoundly reduced my stress and helped me focus, with 20-30% increases in deep sleep and heart rate variability (HRV)," she said.  While there are a million answers on how to destress, Apollo Neuro is an easy, natural, and highly effective solution that harnesses your body's superpower to bounce back. Right now, Apollo Neuro is 10% off its usual price, but act soon—the deal expires after 60 days. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Your laptop, phone, or tablet are more than just work equipment or a device you watch Netflix on. With the right app, you can transform these pieces of tech into informational multitools, and we have several Memorial Day deals on apps that will expand what they're capable of. These deals end June 2nd, so grab them while you can! SurfShark is designed to do away with any compromise between privacy and speed. Offering unlimited data and a strict no-logging policy, it uses AES-256-GCM encryption as well as IKEv2 and OpenVPN protocols to keep you safe wherever you go. Get a SurfShark VPN: 2-Yr Subscription for $42.74 (reg. $290), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. If you need to share VPN access between yourself and a family member, KeepSolid makes it easy. Offering a wide range of VPN protocols, handy features, and easy setup, it's perfect for a family member or friend who needs privacy. Get a KeepSolid VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription (2 Account Bundle) for $55 (reg. $399), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Content creators, remote workers, and students often find they need backups that not only protect their files but help curate them. Starchive uses AI to help you sort, search, post and share your files with friends, clients, and anybody else you communicate with. Get a Starchive 1TB Cloud Storage: Lifetime Subscription for $72.74 (reg. $1,530), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Degoo offers enough storage for, well, a lifetime with its lifetime subscription. The 15TB of storage space is designed to protect large files while you move them around and access them, and it'll even replicate your backup while performing it, to ensure you've always got your files. Get a Degoo Premium Mega Backup Plan: Lifetime Subscription for $129.99 (reg. $4,320), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. When working on graphic design or marketing materials, you've probably noticed stock photography doesn't have the pop your design needs. Scopio is a female-founded, royalty-free stock photography site with an ever-growing library shot by thousands of photographers around the globe. It offers diverse, unique photos to make your work stand out. Get a Scopio Authentic Stock Photography: Commercial Lifetime Subscription for $79 (reg. $4,480), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Your phone is more than just a computer. It's also a powerful educational tool, and the Ultrahuman holistic fitness app uses your phone as a real-life fitness trainer. The app offers masterclass-level training in exercise, meditation and mindfulness, and sleep optimization techniques to get the most from your day and feel better across the board. Get an Ultrahuman Holistic Fitness App: Lifetime Subscription for $59.99 (reg. $399), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Reading more is the key to success, yet finding the time to read books can be tough. The 12min Micro Book Library offers a clear, detailed summary of a host of books in 12 minutes apiece, so you can get a sense of the book and determine whether you want to dig deeper. Get a 12min Micro Book Library: Lifetime Premium Subscription for $29 (reg. $399), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. If you're ready to add your own images to your work, this 13-course Photo School draws on a group of expert shooters to show you how. You'll learn how to shoot great images in the field, and use photo editing software to make good shots even better. Get Photo School: Learn Photography & Photoshop from Hollywood's Masters for $74.99 (reg. $2,990), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Learning an instrument, before computers and tablets, required expensive and time-consuming lessons. Skoove brings the instructor to you, teaching you how to play your favorite songs on the keyboard of your choice, or directly on the tablet. As you play, the app's artificial intelligence helps you improve. Get a Skoove Premium Piano Lessons: Lifetime Subscription for $112.49 (reg. $299), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
You can only pick up so much going on around you with your smartphone. It might seem like a magical device that can do practically anything, but without a FLIR ONE Pro-Grade Thermal Camera there’s an entire world of thermal imaging that’s escaping your naked eye. The FLIR ONE Pro is the top of the FLIR line, and will turn your smartphone into an advanced thermal camera worthy of professional-grade usage. If you only know heat vision from TV shows, movies, and video games, you might be surprised to see just how useful it can be in your day-to-day life. And if you already use thermal imaging, the FLIR ONE Pro can make your smartphone even more useful than it already is. Once you attach a FLIR ONE Pro to your phone, you’ll be able to use it for household tasks like spotting leaks in pipes or in your home’s insulation. Ever lose a pet at night? The FLIR ONE will help you find it by tracking their body heat even in pitch darkness. And of course it reasonably follows that you’ll be able to use the FLIR ONE to discover all the other wildlife that might be lurking about in the murk after dark. Household repairs and invisible animals are all well and good, but the FLIR ONE Pro has myriad applications beyond them. If you’re a creative type, you’ve probably already begun to imagine the different artistic uses one could find with a thermal imaging camera, and if you have (or teach) kids, that opens up a whole other area of possibilities, as well. The longer you use the FLIR ONE Pro, the more uses you’re likely to find for it. As its name suggests, it’s the professional-grade upgrade to the FLIR One, and boasts a maximum native resolution of 19,000 pixels as well as a wide array of pre-programmed measurement tools. It can also capture an expanded range of temperatures compared to the regular FLIR One, up to 752 degrees Fahrenheit. If you’re ready to turn your smartphone into a heat vision device just like a Predator’s or Samus Aran’s, you’ll be happy to know that the FLIR ONE Pro is likely compatible with your own iOS or Android device, and is currently priced at just $399.99 at the FLIR online store. So head over to their website and check it out, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Memorial Day is almost like the unofficial start of summer. The three-day weekend gives us time to unwind, catch up with loved ones, or simply relax. To celebrate, we have a bunch of Memorial Day deals to help you get the most out of the outdoor season. Yet you'll need to act fast, as these deals end June 2nd! The Firepod, pictured above, is a modular cooking tool that combines pizza oven, grilling, and hot rock cooking. Using propane and airflow, the Firepod makes it easy to turn out pizza for a barbecue. It easily converts into a grill as well, so you can save space, or switch to burgers. Get the Firepod: Portable Multi-Functional Pizza Oven for $314.97 (reg. $400), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. If you're more of a charcoal fan, the Grill Gun will ensure a perfect light, every time. This propane torch delivers over 400,000 BTUs, with a long barrel and flame to allow for safer lighting and a two-foot-long flame. Get the GrillGun: The Ultimate Grill Torch for $149.97 (reg. $172), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Keeping smaller spaces cool during the summer can be a challenge. The EvaSMART 2 personal air conditioner uses evaporative cooling to humidify the air and bring down the temperature, creating a personal climate that you can set up in any room. Get the EvaSMART 2: Smart Personal Air Conditioner (Black) for $161.97 (reg. $269), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. If you need a chill that you can bring with you, the Nordic Hygge AirChill allows for evaporative cooling on the go. The simple design and easy maintenance make it perfect for travel, with a quiet fan that gives you a soothing white noise effect. Get the Nordic Hygge AirChill: Personal Evaporative Cooler for $75.97 (reg. $99), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. The Global Drone 4K Platinum makes it simple to shoot amazing drone videos. It combines a light-but-durable plastic design with a 4K camera to get superb images. Meanwhile, modes like altitude hold and headless make control easy for new pilots. Get the Global Drone 4K Platinum Version for $98.97 (reg. $119), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. The PhiGolf trainer lets you practice your swing anywhere, on a multitude of courses. Compatible with the WGT Golf app, the PhiGolf uses screen mirroring and complex sensors to replace the nets and balls with an easy-to-use trainer that lets you test out courses. Get the PhiGolf: Mobile & Home Smart Golf Simulator with Swing Stick for $189.97 (reg. $249), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. The Toybox 3D Printer is ideal for rainy days where you can't be outside. The app-driven printer makes it simple to turn out complex craft projects, game tokens, and more while teaching kids about design and code. Get the Toybox 3D Printer Deluxe Bundle for $299.97 (reg. $469), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Bring your music with you, while creating some personal mental space, with the Treblab Z2 Bluetooth Noise Canceling Headphones. Using Bluetooth 5.0 and Treblab's advanced noise-canceling technology, its 35 hours of battery life means you can jam to your favorite playlists all summer without a ton of downtime. Get the TREBLAB Z2 Bluetooth 5.0 Noise-Cancelling Headphones for $71.97 (reg. $259), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Now that the weather is  better, and you can actually go places and do things again, it’s time to start catching up on all the stuff you promised yourself you’d do while you were trapped inside all winter. And whether that means tackling big home reno and landscaping projects, or finally taking the kids on that camping or fishing trip so they can detox from their screens, or even just going to the gym on a more regular basis, one thing you’re going to need is a solid pair of shoes that can handle everything your active life throws at them. However, that doesn’t mean you have to settle for hot and heavy work boots or nerdy white dad trainers. This summer you can keep your feet safe while feeling and looking good thanks to Indestructible Shoes, the high tech sneakers that protect like work boots. Indestructible Shoes specializes in footwear that looks and feels like regular athletic footwear, but secretly have all the safety features of heavy duty work boots. Made from the latest high-tech materials, every pair has steel toes, skid-proof grips, shock-absorption technology, anti-puncture heels, and electric shock insulation. However, while Indestructible Shoes are safe enough to wear on a construction site, they’re also so breathable you can keep wearing them during the most intense heat waves. And the best part is you don’t have to sacrifice style for comfort and safety, because Indestructible Shoes look amazing. In fact, they look so good that people don’t just wear them for construction projects. They wear them to the gym, work, grocery store, bar—basically anywhere you’d wear regular sneakers. Indestructible Shoes have revolutionized the shoe industry over the last few years, changing the way people think about athletic and safety footwear. And if you don’t own a pair yet, you are in luck. Because right now some of their most popular and versatile styles are on sale for 50-percent off. Take a look. If your number one priority is keeping your feet cool and dry, the ultra stylish Ryder is the solution. The upper is constructed from breathable flymesh, and the interior features a moisture-wicking mesh lining that maximizes airflow and reduces odor. But breathability isn’t all this shoe brings to the table. For convenience, the Ryder is easy to slip on and off with its no-tie lacing system. For comfort, it has an extremely flexible outsole and a padded shock-absorbing insole. And for safety, it has European steel toes, a puncture-resistant sole made from military grade kevlar, and shock-absorbing cushioning in the midsole. Click here to order. The Hummer is Indestructible Shoes’ most well-rounded and versatile shoe. It’s got a classic sneaker vibe that looks good in any setting. It features European steel toes to protect you from falling trees, construction materials, weights, or any other hazards you might encounter. It also features large no-slip outsoles to maximize contact with the floor for superior stability. The upper and inner lining are made from moisture wicking materials to keep your feet feeling fresh. The insole features 3D arch support and extra padding in the heel cup. And the outsole features additional padding that distributes weight and helps your body withstand strain. Click here to order. Last but not least is the CamoX, the ultimate year-round shoe. The CamoX features an extremely flexible outsole and the same insole as the Hummer, with extra padding in the heel and 3D arch support. It also has the standard Indestructible Shoes safety features, like European steel toes, a puncture-resistant sole made from military grade kevlar, and shock-absorbing cushioning in the midsole. What sets these sneakers apart from other Indestructible Shoes is that it is 100-percent waterproof. That means you can work in any conditions or tackle any terrain knowing your feet and socks will stay dry and comfortable. Click here to order. If you want shoes that can keep your feet safe and your style fresh, Indestructible Shoes are perfect for the gym, the backyard, the job site, the lake, or anywhere else life takes you this summer. Order yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA scientists working with the Curiosity rover say they've found hints of remnants of organic compounds on Mars, dating back to when the planet was probably a whole lot more hospitable. Specifically, the Curiosity rover's Sample Analysis at Mars (SAM) instrument, a tool that vaporizes samples to determine what they're made of, picked up signs of organic salts, which can be thought of as the broken-down remains of ancient organic compounds, according to research published in the Journal of Geophysical Research: Planets back in March. The presence of organic compounds doesn't necessarily mean that there was once life on the Red Planet, but it does help scientists determine whether Mars ever had the right conditions for sustaining life — and now NASA needs to get to work verifying these salts with more samples from Curiosity, Perseverance, and Europe's upcoming ExoMars rover mission to piece it all together. Futurism caught up with the lead author of that study, James Lewis, a researcher at both Howard University and the NASA Goddard Flight Center, to learn more about what the study means, what it will take to verify these ancient organics, and what it all means for the possibility of life on Mars. Here's our conversation, edited for length and clarity. Futurism: Before we get into anything specific, tell me a little bit more about your background. What kinds of questions do you like to answer? James Lewis: I'm a geologist by training but I'm dabbling a little bit of biology now and then. My broad interest is in the intersection between mineralogy and organic chemistry. If life had left behind organic molecules, how would they be preserved in different minerals? And then when we're trying to analyze those organic molecules, how will the different minerals that they're preserved in impact our ability to analyze them? So the two sides I'm interested in, one is looking at environments that might preserve evidence of life, and the other is how do we actually go about analyzing them? When we're doing these investigations on another planet, we're severely limited in the kind of techniques we can fly out there, so we can also do analog studies on Earth. The big news is that Curiosity found signs of what might be organic salts on the surface of Mars. You were just talking about what it's like trying to piece together whether organic compounds existed a very long time ago — is the idea that these salts are kind of like their fossils?  We were thinking about what would be the best analogy to use. There's a danger because a fossil was explicitly life and with organic salts, in a way, life would be the exceptional explanation for why they're there. The more likely explanation is that they're purely geological in origin. So we try to steer clear of "fossil" because I think as soon as a non-scientist hears fossil, they think "Oh, we found life on Mars." NASA was constantly saying to me "Make sure you don't say that life has been found on Mars." They're like the last residue of organics that might be left behind. I was looking at the things that might be left behind in areas where organics were being broken apart and destroyed. The analogy we came up with was pieces of broken pottery that an archeologist might be looking at. It's like we're seeing a fragment of something and piecing together the story of where they came from. It could be super interesting but also very difficult. Can you talk a little bit about what Curiosity actually seems to have found? What are we talking about when we say "salt?" The salt most people think of is sodium chloride. And with an organic salt, instead of the chlorine atom, you have some sort of organic iron there. So the things I'm interested in are things like acetates. These can originate from the molecules that make up a lot of living things. When you expose them to radiation or oxidation, they eventually break down into these organic salts. And I was interested in two kinds of organic salts, specifically: acetates and oxalates. To me, they're interesting because on Earth we see them in a lot of different geological environments. And the oxalates, particularly, are very resistant to weathering. The only thing that will move them around is a highly acidic fluid. The instrument I work with is called SAM, and the way that SAM works is it will take the scooped or drilled piece of Mars, ingest it into the instrument, then heat it up. And the way we heat it up is we basically start it at low temperatures and then progressively heat it up to high temperatures and throughout the heating, we're monitoring and identifying the gases that come off with something called a mass spectrometer. So the different chemicals we're seeing and the temperatures they come off at can be pretty diagnostic for a bunch of things. It can help us work out what minerals might be there. But it is also a way that we look for organic matter as well. One thing we see all the time in SAM is carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide. There are a number of different things that could be producing these, but I was interested in looking at whether organic salts of things like oxalates and acetates could be contributing to these. So I wanted to go into the lab, do the closest equivalent to a SAM experiment that we could do, and then look at how CO2 and CO and a few other gases are evolving and see how well it fits with SAM data. What we found is that a lot of the different mixtures we made matched extremely well with what we saw in SAM. What we're saying in our paper is we think that these organic salts are a really good explanation for a lot of the SAM data we see because they only produce very simple gases that could be coming from other places. We can't 100 percent say that we're seeing these things, but there's a lot of compelling evidence to say that they could be there. So the idea is that you're back on Earth, recreating the experiment so that you know what compounds are actually going into the instrument. And comparing those readings to the ones from Curiosity where you don't technically know what went into SAM, seeing those similarities in the readout, helps you piece together what's on Mars and whether it's organic, right?   That's correct. One of those inorganic phases could be things like carbonates, like limestone that's made of calcium carbonate. But they tend to break down at slightly higher temperatures than where we see a lot of our CO2 and CO. So organic salts are really good for explaining any CO2 or CO we see at low temperatures, between like 100 to 500 Celsius or so. So there's always a case of "It could be this or it could be that," but we're saying "These seem to be a very promising fit with a lot of our data." There is another instrument on Curiosity that supposedly would be able to conduct a more direct analysis and verify the SAM data. But it hasn't yet. Right? That's correct. Curiosity is a robot geologist that has managed to bring the entire laboratory along with it. So whenever it sees something of interest, it can analyze it in a bunch of different ways. So SAM is looking at the inorganic and organic chemistry of the sample and looking at very small amounts of gases coming of. The other instrument, which is called CheMin or Chemistry and Mineralogy, basically will fire X-rays at the sample. And the way those X-rays diffract through your sample tells you what minerals are inside. For a geologist, that's very useful because the minerals we see tell us what environment deposited those rocks. So we're particularly interested in any environment that may have had liquid water. And we found early on in the mission that there was ancient liquid water that would have been habitable for life as we know it. But CheMin is good at spotting things that make up one or two percent of the rock or greater. With anything below those concentrations, it's really going to struggle to identify them because when the X-rays go through the sample, they produce an X-ray pattern. If you say "Oh, I know what the pattern for this particular mineral is and this mineral, and then if I put them together I get the same pattern as what you see on Mars," well, obviously the samples are very complex. And once you start going down to only one or two percent of the sample or lower, it becomes harder and harder to pull out individual minerals from that data. So one of the things we did in our paper was say "This is how much carbon dioxide we see being produced by our organic salt samples [on Earth] and this is how much CO2 we see in SAM experiments." And that allows us to kind of set an upper limit for how much organic salt might be in the sample. What we're saying is SAM can highlight samples where we should really look at the CheMin data in great detail. But we also need to be really lucky to see an organic salt because we probably need one type of organic salt to be contributing the majority of that CO2. So that would mean one species of organic salt making up the bulk of the CO2 contribution. So it's not that the other instrument implied that the SAM data was wrong by any means. It just hasn't found it yet. The thing to remember is that they have very different missions and detection limits. SAM is trying to understand inorganic and organic chemistry and it is interested in things that make up thousandths of a percent [of the sample] or something, whereas CheMin is interested in the things that are present about one percent or greater. So SAM can see hints of things that could be there at very low concentrations that would be below the CheMin limit. If and when the ExoMars mission lands, it will have another instrument on it that's capable of digging into and analyzing soil. Is that what it would take to get a more definitive answer? And if it's not that, is there something else that would lead to a more confident confirmation of these salts? You would hope that when we drill deep that we wouldn't see organic salts because organic salts tell you "Oh, there may have been more complex organic matter, but it's subsequently been destroyed." If we drill down one or two meters and we're still seeing them and nothing else, we'll be like, "Oh dear, that seems to be like an environment that is very destructive to organics." Part of the reason we wanted to put this paper out is this is a super exciting time for Mars exploration because you have the European and Russian mission ExoMars that also has a mass spectrometer that Goddard built onboard. And there's a bunch of different instruments that could potentially look for organics. The 2020 rover, Perseverance, can also do spectroscopy. But the other thing Perseverance is doing is collecting samples and caching them. And then we're working to then do sample return. We're going to launch those samples off the surface and bring them back to Earth and analyze them in our labs. Because I mentioned whenever we try and do these analyses on another planet, we're very constrained in terms of power and space. So we can bring the samples back to us as things like OSIRIS-REx and some of the Japanese missions have done from asteroids, we can do our full suite of laboratory analyses with significantly fewer constraints. So if we don't manage to conclusively detect organic salts with a surface mission, I feel when we return samples to Earth, that's going to be probably our best chance of detecting them. The big question is whether Mars once hosted microbial life in ancient history or, in a less-likely scenario, still has life on it today. Would confirming your latest findings have any implications for ancient extraterrestrial life? If we see organic salts it's like flashing a signal that says, "There could have been a process in the past that concentrated organic matter in this particular location." So that's kind of the limit of what we really want to say, because there are both biological and non-biological processes that can concentrate organic matter. The issue we have to deal with on Mars is we think it had a thick atmosphere in its ancient past and that there was liquid water on the surface, but subsequently, Mars lost much of its atmosphere and it no longer has a strong magnetic field. Looking for organics from that period could be interesting because if Mars is like Earth, there's been time to evolve life. Could there be life at this transition period? It's something we're going to be delving into. If we saw an organic salt, we'd be wondering what processes during this transitional period were potentially concentrating organic matter. Is there a step today that you, or NASA, or other researchers could take to determine whether it was a biological or not biological process that led to these compounds? Or is that an entirely different endeavor once you figure out that they existed? I think because that would be such an extraordinary claim, we'd need multiple lines of evidence to support saying it was biological. An organic salt on its own is only evidence of some sort of concentrating mechanism. What we would be looking for with SAM is whether there are other organic molecules. So SAM, the basic experiment it does, is to heat up samples and send the gases to a mass spectrometer. But it's actually a pretty comprehensive laboratory and if it thinks there's a chance of interesting organics. It has two wet chemistry reagents that will make molecules that might be interesting in terms of life more amenable to our analyses. One of the issues is the molecules that life uses tend to be big and quite complex, so it's hard for our instruments to work with them. If we react to them with these wet chemicals, it basically makes them easier to analyze. So if we encounter an environment that we think could be preserving organic matter, that's where we break out these wet chemicals to try and get a more comprehensive organic picture. The other interesting thing about organic salts is that life on Earth can use them for energy and carbon. So if we see an environment billions of years ago that had concentrations of oxalates or acetates, that would be interesting in terms of habitability. We know from our earlier analyses that Mars had water that was habitable for life. We know that organic matter does seem to be preserved on the surface and that could be a resource for life. If we're also seeing organic salts, that's another carbon and energy resource that life could be using. So we'd be increasingly building towards a picture that says ancient Mars had most of the resources that life would need to survive. Our real challenge now is trying to find if there is any evidence that life ever existed. Well, what do you think about the prospects of life on Mars? Did this study alter your opinion in any direction? I'm very cautious about linking research like this to life, and I know NASA and [the Jet Propulsion Laboratory] feel the same way. My paper is an organic matter story and not a life story. It's a step towards a better understanding of the Martian organic record but we are very far away from understanding what that record tells us about life. This was a very sciencey, sitting on the fence answer. Sorry! This paper came out in March. Has anything progressed at all since then? Are there updates you can disclose or is that paper the state of things as they are right now? What's been challenging is that the pandemic has seriously impacted our ability to do lab work. Now that everyone is getting vaccines, we're slowly going back to working on-site. What hasn't stopped in this process is the rover. I actually help out a little bit with rover operations and it's been amazing to watch because this is a team of hundreds of people working remotely, still managing to operate a rover on another planet. So we're still acquiring samples, investigating different regions. It's been really interesting to see that. And the point of my paper is saying if SAM detects a really strong CO2 signal, that's sending a flag to CheMin to take a very close look for organic salts in their data. Every time we drill a sample, that's something we're looking out for. What I'm currently doing is working with an intern to look at how the detectability of organic salts varies in different mineral mixtures. I mentioned the way that CheMin works is that it fires X-rays through samples and looks at the X-ray pattern that comes out from that. And the different minerals you have in there can have an impact on the interpretations. So when we look for organic salt signals, there could be a mineral that also produces a peak in that region that would complicate things. We're figuring out whether there are mixtures that would seriously complicate CheMin's efforts to look for organic salts or mixtures that would really help it. It seems like the X-ray techniques that CheMin uses are probably our best opportunity to detect organic salts in the near future. Refining our understanding of how organic salts might behave in CheMin could be really valuable. Is that because other kinds of spectroscopy research would still produce the same indirect findings rather than a more direct confirmation? Spectroscopy has similar issues to the X-ray methods where you would need a decent amount of organic salts to be sure. And because the inorganic chemistry of Mars is so complex, I mean, you have a lot of dust around as well. I imagine, trying to pick out organic salt signals from such a complex mess can be particularly difficult. Before I let you go, is there anything else that you wanted to add? One thing from the paper we didn't really touch on: I mentioned that with spectroscopy there might be inorganic phases on Mars that interfere with our ability to detect organics. We actually have similar issues in SAM because when we're heating up the samples, any phase that releases gases like oxygen or chlorine can be very problematic for organic detection because those gases are going to react with organics of interest. Because Mars likes to challenge us, our recent rover missions are suggesting to us that there's a salt called perchlorate that is pretty widespread on the surface. And perchlorate releases both oxygen and chlorine at relatively low temperatures. So one of the things we're trying to resolve in SAM data is determining how organics of interest would behave when you have them mixed with these perchlorate salts. That's one of the things we did in this paper is to say "All right, if you have an organic salt and you mix it with perchlorate, how does that change how it behaves during a SAM analysis?" Now, what's interesting is we found actually when we mixed organic salts with the perchlorates, we actually got better fits for SAM data than when the perchlorates were absent. So in a way, it's pretty cool because we know that perchlorate is problematic for organic detection, but they're not for the organic salt story specifically. [The data is] not saying organic salts aren't there, it's saying these mixtures of organic salts and perchlorates are actually pretty compelling explanations for a lot of the data we're seeing with SAM. Editor's Note 5/28/2021: An earlier version of this story mistranscribed the word "oxalates" as "oxides." It has been updated. More on the Martian salts: NASA Rover Finds Likely Remnants of Organic Compounds on Mars Share This Article 
According to a new detailed map of dark matter, the universe may be smoother and more spread out than theories have previously predicted, the BBC reports. The survey, which covered about a quarter of the southern hemisphere's sky, may serve to undermine Einstein's theory of general relativity and could potentially force us to alter understanding of the cosmos. "If this disparity is true then maybe Einstein was wrong," École Normale Supérieure researcher Niall Jeffrey, who worked on the map, told the BBC. "You might think that this is a bad thing, that maybe physics is broken," he said. "But to a physicist, it is extremely exciting. It means that we can find out something new about the way the universe really is." Scientists believe dark matter makes up around 80 percent of the stuff found in the universe. Yet it is still a great mystery, as we still don't know what it is made of or how exactly it interacts with other matter. We do, however, know that dark matter distorts light emanating from faraway stars. The greater this effect, scientists believe, the greater the concentration of dark matter present. The new map, created by an international team of researchers at the Dark Energy Survey Collaboration, is the largest and most detailed of its kind to date. Using data collected by the Victor M Blanco telescope in Chile, the team mapped some 100 million galaxies. The resulting map shows that galaxies make up much larger super-structures. The brightest areas are the densest areas of dark matter, made up of superclusters of galaxies. The black parts are cosmic "voids," areas where our current laws of physics may not apply. To Jeffrey, it's an exciting new moment in our understanding of the Universe, having "unveiled vast new swathes which show much more of [dark matter's] structure," as he told the BBC. "For the first time we can see the universe in a different way." Using theories set forth by Einstein, astronomers have been able to predict how matter has spread over the 13.8 billion years of the universe, starting shortly after the Big Bang. Those predictions, however, are a few percent off from the new observations made by the Dark Energy Survey. "We may have uncovered something really fundamental about the fabric of the universe," Carlos Frenk, professor at Durham University, who worked on current cosmological theories, told the British broadcaster. With Einstein's theories building the groundwork, Frenk helped determine the spread of matter in the universe. The new map did come as a bit of surprise. "I spent my life working on this theory and my heart tells me I don't want to see it collapse," Frenk told the BBC. "But my brain tells me that the measurements were correct, and we have to look at the possibility of new physics." But according to Frenk, it's not quite time to dismiss Einstein's theory. "The big question is whether Einstein's theory is perfect," he said. "It seems to pass every test but with some deviations here and there," he added. "Maybe the astrophysics of the galaxies just needs some tweaks." READ MORE: New dark matter map reveals cosmic mystery [BBC] More on dark matter: A Blob of Dark Matter Appears to Be Floating Outside Our Galaxy Share This Article 
You might have big plans for Memorial Day weekend, but if you still plan on staying indoors, why not use that time to learn something new? In our Memorial Day sale, we're dropping 14 of our most popular and useful courses to just $20 each, a savings up to 99% per course. Act fast: The discounts only last until June 2nd. Learn how stock analysis works and how to study the stock market, cryptos and other instruments from financial experts in the 11-course bundle. Get The Complete Stock & Cryptocurrency Investment Toolkit Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,815), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. YouTube is a powerful tool to market both your corporate and your personal brand. These courses you how to use it effectively no matter what you're shooting. Get The Become a Professional YouTuber Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,600), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Whether you're building an online store from scratch, or looking to maximize your current one, knowing how Amazon works is crucial. This bundle will teach you effective store management and logistics across eight courses. Get The Ultimate Amazon FBA & Dropship Master Class Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,292), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Coding is going to be a crucial job skill in the coming years, so adding it to your repertoire will help you stay relevant in the workforce. This massive coding bundle delivers 27 courses that will give you the knowledge to stay current with modern code. Get The Premium Learn to Code 2021 Certification Bundle for $20 (reg. $4,056), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. With data leaks becoming a common occurrence, cybersecurity has never been more important. This bundle offers 18 courses of white-hat hacking to show you the ropes and launch your cybersecurity career. Get The All-In-One 2021 Super-Sized Ethical Hacking Bundle for $20 (reg. $3,284), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Want to build games, not just play them? The 2021 Premium Unity Game Developer Certification Bundle offers a seventeen-course collection that starts with simple mobile games and builds your skills up to more complex genres. Get The 2021 Premium Unity Game Developer Certification Bundle for $20 (reg. $3,400), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Summer is cocktail season. Let a champion mixologist teach you how to turn rum, gin, whiskey, vodka and tequila into refreshing party drinks with the 2021 Ultimate Mixology & Cocktail Trainer Bundle. Get The 2021 Ultimate Mixology & Cocktail Trainer Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,000), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. American Sign Language helps make life more accessible to the deaf and hard of hearing. The All-in-One American Sign Language Bundle offers 13 different courses to open the door to entirely new forms of language. Get The All-in-One American Sign Language Bundle for $20 (reg. $618), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Understanding digital marketing is crucial to any career. The 2021 Complete Digital Marketing Super Bundle touches on every key channel in its 14 courses, so you can put them to work for your brand. Get The 2021 Complete Digital Marketing Super Bundle for $20 (reg. $2,786), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Always wanted to master an instrument? This 14-course masterclass puts a guitar teacher in your browser, whenever you're ready to play. Get The Complete 2021 Beginner to Expert Guitar Lessons Bundle for $20 (reg. $2,800), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Adobe's Creative Cloud is much more than just PhotoShop. Over 12 courses, the 2021 Complete All-in-One Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Certification Course Bundle will show you how to draw the most out of Premiere Pro, Lightroom, After Effects, and more. Get The 2021 Complete All-in-One Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Certification Course Bundle for $20 (reg. $2,400), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Project management leads to better work and smoother processes. The ten courses in the 2021 Complete PMP Career Training Certification Bundle will help you prep for the PMP certification exam, which will ultimately help you climb the corporate ladder. Get The 2021 Complete PMP Career Training Certification Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,990), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Computer science is not only in demand, it's fascinating. This nine-course bundle shows you how to delve into popular languages like Python and R for data analysis. Get The 2021 Complete Computer Science Training Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,800), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Every business needs an app these days, so mobile app developers are in high demand. This 9-course bundle will teach you how to build apps from scratch for both iOS and Android. Get The Complete Mobile & App Development Bundle for $20 (reg. $1,791), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Remember, each course is just $20, but only until June 2nd. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you're one of the 16-million adults who take prescription stimulants like Adderall, Ritalin, and Modafinil to increase productivity and sharpen your focus, you've probably come to terms with managing their negative side effects. That's because they artificially increase stress hormones in the brain, putting your body and mind in prolonged overdrive, which can result in harmful health effects – both in the long and short term. This can include but is not limited to poor impulse control, anxiety, headaches, brain fog, moodiness, bloating, irritability, diminished cognition, and even side effects as severe as brain damage when used long-term. Fortunately, there's the Recoop Wellness, a stimulant recovery supplement set formulated by leading neuroscientists to help you stave off the side effects from central nervous system stimulants so your brain and body can function at max capacity without any of the drawbacks. And if you're thinking, oh, this isn't for me, think again. One of the most widely used central nervous system stimulants and psychoactive drugs on Earth is actually caffeine, which can be found in soft drinks, chocolate, coffee, energy drinks, and supplements. They also can have moderate to severe side effects depending on the amount of caffeine you consume. This includes the shakes, sweats, heart racing, and of course the dreaded caffeine crash. So if you're looking to keep your productivity rates and focus at an all-time high, while managing the side-effects of using central nervous system stimulants, you need to know about Recoop's Recovery and Balance stimulant side-effect treatment. You know better than anyone that choosing not to use prescription stimulants isn't an option. You need them to maintain your focus and productivity. But life on stimulants can be improved. Especially with Recoop's Balance and Recovery stimulant side-effect treatment, which is designed to treat side-effects associated with stimulant use. To do this, Recoop's team of neuroscientists combined the best in ingredient research with careful sourcing to create a cutting-edge stimulant recovery supplement for people who use central nervous system stimulants. They've accomplished this by leveraging their understanding of human biology to create specific formulations for two supplements that work together. Recoop Balance helps manage the side effects of stimulants like Adderall while you go about your day-to-day routine. Recoop Recovery helps you to power down your brain while also assisting in self-healing while you sleep at night. Supporting your cognitive and physical well-being has never been more important, and Recoop makes it easier than ever to do just that. Recoop's Balance formula is designed to help your prescription stimulants do what they're designed to do: help you become hyper-focused, energized, and productive, without any of the negative side effects. All you have to do is take it first thing in the morning before you ingest your prescription stimulant. In turn, Balance works as a side-effect treatment so you can stave off irritability, improve impulse control, and boost your productivity. Here’s a rundown of the key ingredients in Recoop Balance and how they work: Ashwagandha For Stress Relief Although it's an herb commonly used in Ayurveda, a traditional Indian medicine, recent studies have found that Ashwagandha may fight anxiety by reducing your body's main stress hormone, cortisol. Cortisol is produced in the adrenal glands and works with your brain function to control your mood, motivation, and fear. Because of this, Ashwagandha is used in Recoop Balance to reduce stress, improve focus, and reduce cravings. L-Theanine for Focus L-Theanine is known for improving focus and maintaining attention. This amino acid is commonly found in green tea and is similar in structure to glutamate, another amino acid that transmits nerve impulses to the brain. It works by modulating inhibitory neurotransmitters, selective serotonin, and dopamine to bring about anxiolytic and calming effects. It's used in Recoop Balance to elicit concentration, stress reduction while also enhancing the effects of stimulants. Curcumin for Detoxification Curcumin supports an even mind and an effective brain and is found in the spice Tumeric. It contains natural polyphenol compounds called curcuminoids that have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and neuroprotective properties. Recent evidence also suggests that curcumin can increase cognitive performance and enhance neurogenesis. Curcumin is used in Recoop Balance for detoxification and neurogenesis. Vitamin B for Cognitive Function Vitamin B supports healthy brain function to maintain and support an even mood. It also helps prevent loss of cognitive function by reducing levels of homocysteine. Vitamin B is used in Recoop Balance to promote DNA regeneration, regulate mood, and build healthy brain cells. Coenzyme Q10 for Organ Function Coenzyme Q10 is a powerful antioxidant that has a well-documented impact on cardiovascular health. This molecule better known as Coenzyme Q10, is found in mitochondria and plays a critical role in energy production. Coenzyme Q10 is used in Recoop Balance to reduce headaches, detoxify impurities, and promote heart health. Recoop's Balance and Recovery work so well together because they deal with separate side effects associated with stimulant use. As Balance helps you to optimize brain function so you can operate at max capacity during the day, Recovery helps your brain power down despite stimulant use, so you can decompress, unwind and sleep at night. Two caplets 30 minutes before bed can help your body and your brain repair itself overnight so you're ready to do it all over again the next day. Here’s a rundown of the key ingredients in Recoop Recovery and how they work: Magnesium to Reduce Tolerance Magnesium is a mineral that converts food into energy, creates and repairs DNA, and regulates neurotransmitters. Magnesium is used in Recoop Recovery to promote heart health, neuroprotection, and to reset the body’s neural pathways on a cellular level. L-Theanine to Initiate Restfulness L-theanine will help you to chillax to the max at night thanks to the same calming effects that help you stay focused during the day. Recoop's Recovery uses L-theanine to reduce nighttime anxiety, melt away stress, and improve your sleep quality. Vitamin C for Cleansing Vitamin C is a water-soluble essential vitamin found in a variety of fruits and vegetables and known for its antioxidant properties and immunity benefits. Vitamin C sequesters free radicals in the body, which helps promote blood flow and neurogenesis. Vitamin C is used in Recoop Recovery to help cells in the brain and body heal and stay clean from stimulant usage. NALT for Mood Enhancement NALT is an amino acid that aids in the produce noradrenaline and dopamine. Research indicates taking NALT reduces anxiety while improving cognitive function when working under pressure. NALT is used in Recoop Recovery to boost dopamine levels and reduce anxiety so you can sleep better. And if you're not 100-percent satisfied with your first purchase, within 30 days, you can contact Recoop customer service to get a refund. So what are you waiting for? Say yes to a stimulant recovery supplement from Recoop. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to investing, real estate has a lot of advantages over traditional portfolios of stocks and bonds. However, those advantages do not come without a cost. And historically, the biggest cost when investing in real estate had to do with liquidity. The stock market may be a fickle beast, but at least selling your shares in a company or commodity is as easy as making a phone call or tapping a few buttons on a screen. In fact, with some stock trading platforms, the process is completely automated, so you don’t have to do anything. The same cannot be said when you try to sell your rental property, at least not when you do it the old-fashioned way. First you have to find a trustworthy real estate agent or brokerage to list your property. Then you have to arrange showings and inspections, figure out what to do with your tenants, negotiate sale terms and prices, and navigate the complicated closing process. In short, selling investment properties is a lot of work. But what if it wasn’t? What if selling your rental properties was as fast and easy as selling stocks? Well, thanks to an innovative proptech platform called Roofstock, it can be. Single-family rental (SFR) investment properties make outstanding investments. For starters, they give you two different ways to make money. First, they generate income every month in the form of rent, which ideally will cover your mortgage and hopefully leave you with a little extra cash. Second, SFR investment properties can also appreciate in value over time, allowing you to either use that equity to refinance and buy more properties, or pocket the profits when it comes time to sell. Another benefit to owning SFRs is that they offer stability. Studies based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, S&P 500 returns, and the U.S. Treasury indicate that investments in the SFR market offer similar returns to the stock market. And while the SFR market has ups and downs just like the stock market, there is not a strong correlation between the two. In 2008, for example, the stock market crashed and overall home prices took a major hit when the U.S. housing bubble burst. But SFR rent remained steady throughout the economic downturn, and in some markets it even grew. That’s why SFRs are an excellent choice for investors who want to diversify their portfolios with investments that hedge against downturns in the stock market. Of course, investing in SFRs has disadvantages, too. And historically speaking, the biggest problems come when it’s time to sell. We’ve already discussed the ways in which the selling process can be extremely difficult and time-consuming. But between the brokerage fees and commissions, capital expenses to prep the property, and the loss of rent from displacing current tenants, selling your investment property can also be very expensive. Then there’s the issue of market competition. Right now there are approximately 16-million single-family rental units in the United States worth an estimated $3 trillion. That’s great news when you’re looking to buy. With that many potential investment properties to choose from, it makes it easier to find properties that meet all of your criteria, and it gives you a little more leverage when negotiating a price. But this is not such great news when you’re looking to sell. With so many SFR properties on the market, how do you make sure yours stands out? And how do you make sure you get the best possible price so you maximize the return on your investment? The answer is Roofstock. Roofstock was founded by people who understood the benefits of investing in brick and mortar real estate, but who also realized that doing so has its own unique set of challenges. So in 2015 they set out to revolutionize the SFR sector by building a high-tech online marketplace that makes buying, selling, and managing investment properties radically simple and cost-effective. This platform was specifically designed to remove the geographical and logistical barriers of investing in rental properties by giving buyers and sellers the tools, analytics, and expert support they need to make smart choices. It’s estimated that about 70% of all rental properties in the United States are owned by investors who live no more than one-hour away. But this is only because, until now, most investors didn’t have the ability to own properties they didn’t personally manage. The traditional method of buying, selling, and managing a rental property requires you to be there in person for just about every step of the process. Unfortunately, this kind of geographic limitation is bad for buyers and sellers alike. For buyers, only shopping for properties close to you limits your choices in terms of both volume and variety. For sellers, only listing your property locally means there are fewer potential buyers. That means there will be less demand for what you’re selling, which means you may not get the best possible price. But here’s the good news: Roofstock removes the geographic limitations on buying and selling investment properties. This platform creates an online marketplace of high quality single-family rental properties located across the country, and it allows you to purchase from anywhere in the world. That means, when the time is right to sell your rental property, Roofstock gives you access to a global network of investors. And more potential buyers means greater demand, which means a faster sale at the best possible price. If the idea of buying and selling investment properties online is new to you, it’s understandable if you’re a little skeptical. Do people really buy investment properties without even seeing them? But the answer is yes. To date, Roofstock has completed over $3 billion in transactions. And the reason is that they provide all the tools people need to invest with complete confidence. When shopping for properties, prospective buyers can sort properties based on extremely specific criteria, including things like estimated annual return, total return over the course of five, 10, 20, or 30 years, or expected appreciation. Prospective buyers can also use Roofstock’s built-in calculator to adjust the purchase price, down payment, and expected rent so they understand all their options. And every single property listed on the Roofstock marketplace includes a proprietary Neighborhood Score, all inspection reports, offering documents, and property certification. These are all things for which you would have needed a realtor in the past. Now all you need is the Roofstock app. Most importantly, every single property listed on the Roofstock marketplace comes with the revolutionary Roofstock Guarantee, which is a 30-day money back guarantee and a lease up guarantee rolled into one. If a buyer is not satisfied with their purchase within 30 days of closing, Roofstock will re-list the property and give them a refund when it sells again. And if you purchase a property that currently has no tenants, Roofstock guarantees you’ll get a signed lease within 45 days or they will cover rent for up to a year. In short, Roofstock lets potential investors from all over the world shop and buy with 100-percent confidence. And that’s great news if you’re looking for a fast and convenient way to sell an investment property. Selling your income property with Roofstock could not be easier. The first step is submitting a listing. To do that, you simply enter your property information, answer a few questions, and submit a few high quality photos. Once your listing is submitted, you will receive a free price estimate. After that, if you wish to proceed, your property will undergo the official Roofstock Certification process. During the certification process, Roofstock will perform all necessary due diligence. That includes collecting additional photos, leases, ledgers, and documents, as well as performing a property inspection, ordering a title report, and creating a listing agreement. All of this guarantees complete transparency for buyers and sellers. And by doing it up front, it speeds up transactions. Once your property is officially certified, you will work with Rookstock’s team of account executives to determine a proper valuation based on the condition of the property and Roofstock’s proprietary market data. However, the final decision on listing price is up to you. And once that decision is made, Roofstock will create an attractive listing and publish it in their marketplace. In most cases, the entire process of getting your property listed takes just 15-to-35 days. And you can do it all without leaving your house. You don’t have to meet your real estate agent every other day to sign papers. You don’t have to worry about renos or staging. You don’t have to arrange showings and open-houses, because with Roofstock, there are no showings or no open-houses. In short, with Roofstock you get to skip all the hassles of listing your income property. With a traditional real estate listing, an open house is how you attract attention and get people to come see your property. So you might wonder whether you are missing out when you sell your rental property online. But you’re not. Roofstock gives every listing a virtual open house. This virtual open house is a 24-hour period during which your property will be featured at the top of the Roofstock marketplace, and thus will get high traffic and visibility. During this period, buyers can submit offers, and you will have 24 hours after the virtual open house to respond. For anybody looking to sell as quickly as possible, this is an absolutely essential feature. Closing sales is also easier with Roofstock. When you sell your rental property the old fashioned way, every offer requires you to go through a stack of paper. With Roofstock, all offers are received and managed completely online. Then, when you accept a bid, Roofstock’s team of expert advisors handles the closing process and takes care of all the paperwork required to finalize the deal so you can go on with your life. The ability to sell your rental property fast and without all the hassle is great. But would it really be worth it to most sellers if it cost them more money? Probably not. Luckily, selling investment properties on Roofstock isn’t just faster and easier. It’s also cheaper. Ready to learn how? Though it is not impossible, it is very difficult to sell your rental property the old-fashioned way without removing tenants. That’s because all the steps involved in selling—bringing in an agent, making repairs, staging, arranging showings and open houses—are just too difficult to pull off when a family is still living in the house you’re trying to sell. Unfortunately, what that means is you lose the rent you would have collected while the property is listed. And since most traditional home sales take three months to complete, you stand to lose at least three months worth of rent. But when you sell your rental property on Roofstock, you don’t have to displace your tenants. On the contrary, properties that are already occupied by quality tenants are preferred because they are more attractive to investors. That means you keep collecting rent right up until the day your sale closes. Roofstock also saves you money on capital expenses. When you sell your rental property with a realtor, you almost always have to perform some renovations and upgrades before it gets listed on MLS. Sometimes the cost of those renovations and upgrades can be pretty high. While capital expenditures can provide some tax relief, sometimes you just want to sell a property and be done with it. When you sell on Roofstock, you’re selling a rent-ready property to a fellow investor, so there are no capital expenditures required. That makes selling faster and cheaper. As you probably guessed, selling a property on Roofstock is not completely free. They have to make money somehow. However, the fees you pay to Roofstock are only half what you would pay to a brokerage. When you hire a realtor to sell your rental property the old-fashioned way, you’re typically on the hook for a 6-percent commission, though sometimes you might be able to negotiate them down to 5 percent. But when you use Roofstock to sell your rental property, you’re only on the hook for a 3-percent commission. Let’s say you want to sell a SFR property worth $100,000 that brings in $1,200 per month in rent. If you go the traditional route and hire a realtor, you would most likely lose three months worth of rent while the property is for sale. That’s $3,600. Meanwhile, the average capital expenditure to prepare a property for sale through MLS is 2 percent. That’s $2,000. And last but not least, there’s the 6-percent brokerage commission. That’s $6,000. So, on average, it will cost you about $11,600 to sell a $100,000 rental property when you do it the old-fashioned way. But what if, instead, you sell your rental property on Roofstock? Well, you wouldn’t lose any rent, and you wouldn’t have any capital expenditure to prepare the property for listing. You would only have to pay Roofstock’s 3-percent commission, which works out to $3,000. Thus, on the sale of a $100,000 rental property you would save a whopping $8,600 by going with Roofstock. And of course, you would probably sell it faster because your property would be marketed to a global network of buyers specifically shopping for SFRs. And you wouldn’t have to arrange inspections or deal with mounds of paperwork. And you would have all the data, analytics, and expert advice you need to guide you through the process. And you could complete the entire transaction from the comfort of your living room couch. Of course, once you experience how easy it is to sell your rental property on Roofstock, you’ll probably want to stick around and see what else they can do for you. And that’s good, because Roofstock isn’t just for selling SFR properties. It's a one-stop online marketplace for learning, selling, buying, financing, and managing SFR properties. Looking to reinvest the profits from your last sale? Roofstock’s online marketplace makes buying rental properties online easier than buying a pair of shoes. Their curated inventory of SFR properties have been selected for their ability to generate income. Each one has gone through the same Roofstock Certification process your property went through, so you know the standards are high. And you’ll have all the data and analytics you’ll need to evaluate properties from anywhere in the world. When you buy with Roofstock, you have total financial flexibility. If you have a mortgage broker you trust and have worked with for years, you are free to arrange your own financing. All you have to do is upload your pre-approval letter via the Roofstock app. However, you can also apply for financing directly through the Roofstock platform. They have a pool of trusted lending partners that often offer preferred rates to Roofstock users. And of course, if you have any questions about financing, Roofstock has a team of experts ready to help. Last but not least, let’s not forget the Roofstock Guarantee, which gives you a 30-day money back guarantee and a lease-up guarantee on every purchase. To put it quite simply, there is no other place to buy investment properties—whether online or in person—that provides this level of security to investors. Being a landlord is not easy, especially when it’s not your full-time job. It takes a lot of time and a lot of knowledge most people just don’t have, which is the number-one reason why more people don’t invest in the SFR market. But Roofstock makes being a landlord easy thanks to their established network of fully vetted and highly skilled property managers. Of course, if you purchase rental properties in your area and you want to manage them personally, you are free to do that. However, for those who want to dip their toes into other markets, or those who simply don’t want the hassle of managing their properties themselves, Roofstock’s nationwide network of property management firms is an invaluable asset. These firms have been specially selected for their experience in operating properties as investments, and they have specialized knowledge of their local markets. They can handle all the administrative and operational tasks required, including marketing, leasing, repairs, maintenance, bookkeeping, tax reporting, and tenant relations. That leaves you free to focus on optimizing your portfolio instead of interviewing prospective tenants and fixing clogged sinks. And speaking of optimizing your portfolio, Roofstock can help you do that, too, through their Roofstock Academy training program. Created by experts who have decades of experience in SFR and have purchased thousands of properties, this hands-on training program will teach you how to avoid costly mistakes and become a successful real estate investor. Roofstock Academy offers one-on-one coaching, group coaching, private and group chats and forums, and over 50 hours of on-demand lectures covering SFR investment strategies for both beginners and experts alike. Selling rental properties used to be expensive and time-consuming. Then Roofstock came along and built a groundbreaking online marketplace, established a global network of real estate investors, and gave them the high tech tools they need to perform transactions completely online. Now selling rental properties is almost as easy as selling stocks and bonds. If you’re a SFR investor and are looking for a way to make your next sale a lot easier—not to mention more profitable—list your property with Roofstock. You will not regret it. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
During its sixth flight across the desolate Martian surface earlier this month, NASA's Ingenuity Mars Helicopter experienced a bit of a software glitch. The tiny four pound rotorcraft "began adjusting its velocity and tilting back and forth in an oscillating pattern" according to an official update, just after covering just over 500 feet. The event forced it to make an emergency landing some 16 feet away from the intended touchdown site. Things got pretty shaky during the tiny helicopter's flight, with onboard sensors showing "roll and pitch excursions of more than 20 degrees, large control inputs, and spikes in power consumption," according to the update written by Ingenuity's chief pilot Håvard Grip at NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab (JPL). In other words, something forced it to adjust its regular flying pattern and fly more erratically than originally planned — an unfortunate hiccup following an otherwise perfectly completed series of historic flights. Ingenuity is capable of adjusting control inputs 500 times per second thanks to a sophisticated inertial measurement unit (IMU) that can track its accelerations and rotation rates. In addition to this IMU, Ingenuity uses its navigation camera to see where it is going and where it currently is. Unfortunately, 54 seconds into its sixth flight, a glitch occurred in the pipeline of images taken by this navigation camera, as Grip explained. "This glitch caused a single image to be lost, but more importantly, it resulted in all later navigation images being delivered with inaccurate timestamps," Grip wrote in the update. That means the helicopter was "operating on the basis of incorrect information about when the image was taken." As a result, Ingenuity started spiraling. Fortunately, it managed to stay airborne and safely land about 16 feet away from the originally intended landing location — in large part thanks to the Ingenuity team thinking ahead and allowing for an "ample stability margin," according to Grip. Despite the hairy moment, the Ingenuity team isn't dismayed. "In a very real sense, Ingenuity muscled through the situation, and while the flight uncovered a timing vulnerability that will now have to be addressed, it also confirmed the robustness of the system in multiple ways," Grip argued. In fact, there may be a silver lining: the incident could allow the team at JPL to analyze data from when the helicopter was performing in unexpected ways. We're glad Ingenuity made it through its sixth flight intact. May it fly many more times in the future. READ MORE: Surviving an In-Flight Anomaly: What Happened on Ingenuity’s Sixth Flight [NASA] More on Ingenuity: The Mars Helicopter Has Survived Longer Than NASA Planned Share This Article 
Regulators in China's Sichuan province are gathering information on cryptocurrency mining, potentially leading to a full crackdown on the practice, Reuters reports. The news comes after the Chinese government announced it will "crack down on bitcoin mining and trading behavior, and resolutely prevent the transfer of individual risks to the society." It's yet another warning sign that Bitcoin could soon be on shaky grounds. With officials preparing for a crackdown, the effects on the digital token could be significant. China currently accounts for well over half of the global cryptocurrency mining supply. Just last week, China banned any financial institutions and payment companies from doing any cryptocurrency-related business. As a result, Bitcoin plummeted to a four-month low of just $31,926, according to Coindesk before bouncing back to roughly around $39,000, down from its lofty highs earlier this year. While regulators in Sichuan are meeting with local power companies to gather information, Reuters' sources stopped short from claiming a crackdown was imminent. A seminar is scheduled next week for Sichuanese officials to discuss cryptomining. Sichuan has plenty of hydropower available for mining businesses. It is the second biggest bitcoin mining province, according to Reuters, after Xinjiang. The future of Bitcoin is more uncertain than it has ever been. Even Tesla CEO Elon Musk has contributed to Bitcoin's recent fall in recent months by publicly flip-flopping on the token, first accepting Bitcoin as form of payment for Tesla vehicles in March, and then reversing the decision just two months later. Musk cited environmental concerns for his decision to ditch Bitcoin, though Tesla still holds considerable amounts of the cryptocurrency — and that may be affecting China's decision as well. The country is looking to drastically cut carbon emissions within the next decade. By cracking down on cryptocurrency mining, a carbon-heavy practice, China could certainly make a dent. According to a recent report by CNN, China could soon generate as much emissions through Bitcoin mining alone as some entire European countries. An alternative explanation for China's crackdown on cryptomining, apart from its massive carbon footprint, could be its push to establish a central bank digital currency (CBDC), a currency very unlike its blockchain-based counterparts. Such a digital currency could give China's government unprecedented control over transactions, critics argue, which can't really be said about transactions made via a decentralized blockchain. It's impossible to predict the outcome of China's plans to stop cryptomining businesses in their tracks — but investors will certainly be watching closely. READ MORE: In widening Chinese bitcoin crackdown, Sichuan to probe cryptomining - official [Reuters] More on Bitcoin: China Announces Huge Crackdown on Cryptocurrency Mining Share This Article 
A fire broke out overnight at a construction site of Tesla's Gigafcatory in Germany this week. Police are now investigating whether the fire had a political motive after far-left activists claimed responsibility, Reuters reports. The fire damaged six high-power cable lines, according to criminal investigators. It's yet another sign that Tesla has a lot of hearts to still win over if it wants to establish itself in the German automotive market — and get along with its new neighbors in the long run. A spokesperson for Germany's state police or Landeskriminalamt (LKA) said that arson has not been ruled out. A letter circulating on Wednesday, penned by an unidentified environmentalist group, claimed it had cut the power supply to the Tesla site by setting the power cables on fire. "Tesla is neither green, ecological nor social," the letter read, according to the spokesperson. "Our fire stands against the lie of the green car." It's also possible, of course, that the group claiming to start the fire actually had no involvement and just wants publicity. The construction of Tesla's first Gigafactory in Europe has been mired in court cases and has been heavily criticized locally. Residents raised 406 objections to the construction of the gigantic factory in September, according to an announcement by the Ministry of Agriculture, Environment and Climate Protection (MLUK) of Brandenburg, Germany. In January of last year, local residents also took to the streets to protest the construction, citing the facility's massive water consumption and emissions. The construction has hit several snags since it began in February 2020. Local German water utility pulled the plug on Tesla after the company failed to pay its bills, the Associated Press reported in October, though water was restored the next day once the bills were paid. A German court also ruled back in December that Tesla cannot raze as much of the nearby forest as it’d planned to since the forest is home to a protected species of sand lizard that’s already hibernating. These hiccups have only served to upset Tesla CEO Elon Musk. The billionaire has repeatedly decried the significant red tape involved in getting his factory in Germany built. "It's hard to predict with precision cause you can only make the cars when all of the pieces are here," Musk said during a visit earlier this month, as quoted by Reuters. "It looks like we're able to start production end of this year." "I think there could be less bureaucracy, that would be better," Musk told reporters. "There should be some kind of active process for removal of rules. Otherwise, over time, the rules will just accumulate and you get more and more rules until eventually you can't do anything." According to a report by local news station rbb24, the fire won't delay the construction in any way. READ MORE: Far-left activists claim responsibility for Tesla factory site fire in Germany [Reuters] More on Giga Berlin: Hibernating Lizards Are Blocking Tesla's Plans for a Berlin Gigafactory Share This Article 
A long-awaited report by Congress' Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAP) Task Force is set to be released next month — the culmination of years of inquiries by lawmakers and decades of reports of unexplained sightings made by military pilots. Numerous officials have raised concerns over the sightings, arguing that adversaries may be behind them, invading US airspace without our knowledge. And now even a NASA scientist is weighing in. In a Washington Post opinion piece, planetary scientist at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center Ravi Kopparapu argues that rather than starting with the "what" question about UFOs, it would be more effective to start by "asking how we can figure out what they are." "This is where scientists, notably absent from the current UAP conversation, come in," Kopparapu argues. For too long, he says, the topic of UFOs been disregarded as baseless conspiracy, driven by a "vacuum of knowledge that is being filled by unscientific claims thanks to a lack of scientific investigation." The news comes after several military pilots have discussed strange objects that appeared to defy the laws of physics, traveling without visible means of propulsion at many times the speed of sound. "It’s a technology that outstrips our arsenal by at least 100 to 1,000 years at the moment," retired US Navy Chief Master-at-Arms Sean Cahill told CNN in a televised interview earlier this month. That means, if they are indeed adversaries within US borders, that would be bad news. "We had a massive intelligence failure, and we have an unknown threat that we need to figure out," Christopher Mellon, former deputy assistant secretary of defense for intelligence, told CNN during the same interview. But rather than arming ourselves against a largely invisible threat, according to Kopparapu, we should first figure out how to get a better understanding of what the pilots saw. He says that we should be treating the UAP reports with the same seriousness as exploring the surface of Mars for signs of life. "The research has been complex, evidence-based and demanding, pulling in scientists from across disciplines and all around the globe," he writes in his opinion piece. "The same should be true for the exploration of UAP sightings." To Kopparapu, we simply need more data, from visual, infrared, radar, and other observations with the help of scientists from across the various disciplines. Such a scientific approach could eventually "go a long way toward lifting the taboo in mainstream science." "Ultimately, understanding UAP is a science problem," he concludes. "We should treat it that way." READ MORE: Opinion: We’re asking the wrong questions about UFOs [The Washington Post] More on UFOs: Astronaut: If You Think UFOs Are Aliens, You’re an Idiot Share This Article 
Our Memorial Day Sale is from May 27th to June 2nd, and it comes with some deep discounts on products that make life at home a little better, whether you need relief from an intense home workout, get some better sleep, or understand you and your furry friends' genetics. Bamboo textiles are made from a renewable, eco-friendly blend. The sheets pictured above are hypoallergenic, soft, and wrinkle-free, with a durable color that won't fade even after years of use. They're also easy to clean; just wash in cold and tumble dry. Get the Bamboo Comfort Luxury Sheet Set (Grey/Queen) for $34.97 (reg. $119), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop.   Every one of us is unique, so our diet and exercise plans should be tailored to us. Vitagene uses a cheek swab and the latest genetic tools to offer insight into what you should eat, what exercise may be better, and your ancestry. This premium kit also includes tests for common skin conditions like eczema. Get the Vitagene DNA Ancestry Premium Test Kit & Health Plan Voucher for $78.97 (reg. $139), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Ever wonder just how your best furry friend became who they are? The DNA My Dog kit is simple to use, and once tested, you'll get a full report about your dog's genetics and ancestry. The report includes an analysis of personality traits, predisposition to disease, and even a custom certificate. Get the DNA My Dog Breed Identification Test for $52.97 (reg. $79), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Sonic toothbrushes move the bristles at extremely high speeds to cover more areas more intensely in a shorter amount of time. The Shyn rechargeable toothbrush offers four brush modes and five intensities so you can set it to just the clean you need. Pressure sensors and diamond-shaped bristles offer the best clean without being too abrasive. Get the Shyn Sonic Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush with 8 Whitening Brush Heads, Charger, and Travel Case (Midnight Black) for $54.97 (reg. $170), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. The SPADE smart ear wax remover combines gentle tips with advanced imaging technology so you can see inside your ears as you clean. You can record what you see to send to your doctor, or just observe what's happening as you clean. And since it's reusable, you won't contribute to any more cotton swab waste. Get the SPADE: Smart Ear Wax Remover for $80.97 (reg. $126), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. When you're active, your legs and their joints take a lot of stress. Compression therapy uses controlled pressure to help regulate blood flow, and warmth can help open up blood vessels and encourage flow. The AIR-C + HEAT offers full leg coverage that combines both to bring relief where you need it. Get the AIR-C + HEAT: Full Leg Massage + Heat Treatment for $160.97 (reg. $189), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Percussive massage reaches deep into muscle tissue to offer relief from knots and pain. The Kitta percussive massager comes with six quick-swap heads for your needs. And with ten hours of battery life, it'll always be ready to go. Get the Kitta Percussive Massager for $119.97 (reg. $200), as a part of a special, limited-time Memorial Day price drop. Prices subject to change. Share This Article 
Lockheed Martin and General Motors are partnering to build an electric car meant to allow astronauts to travel across the surface of the Moon. According to an official statement, the two juggernaut companies are hoping to "design the next generation of lunar rovers, capable of transporting astronauts across farther distances on the lunar surface," going far beyond the mere four mile range of astronauts during NASA's Apollo missions decades ago. The two companies want to take it even a step further by making their rover capable of autonomous driving, enabling the vehicle to drive itself with or without humans on board. Since it's capable of driving itself, the two companies envision its rover to be able to get itself into place near a landing site, ready for astronauts to climb on board. The announcement is yet another sign that NASA has plenty of private entities ready to jump into action to make the Moon's vast and desolate landscapes more accessible to astronauts than ever before. "These next-generation rover concepts will dramatically extend the exploration range of astronauts as they perform high-priority science investigation on the Moon that will ultimately impact humanity’s understanding of our place in the solar system," said Rick Ambrose, executive vice president, Lockheed Martin Space, in the statement. The news comes after NASA put out a call to develop an unpressurized "Lunar Terrain Vehicle" (LTV) last year in that could help astronauts explore the Moon's south pole.   Unsurprisingly, building a car that can survive on the Moon is no easy task. A night on the Moon lasts for 14 Earth days, meaning that temperatures plunge for extended periods of time with no access to solar power. "The biggest difference is, when you design for the Moon and for space applications, the force of gravity is different and has to be taken into account," said Madhu Raghavan, global research and development group manager at GM. "There are extreme temperature swings, and the radiation in space becomes a challenge in terms of systems design. You’re also operating in a vacuum and designing your systems to withstand the shock of the actual launch." Lockheed Martin can draw from at least some experience, as it has previously built other deep space robotic spacecraft capable of surviving a number of distant places within our solar system. "The technology has evolved so much in the last 50 years, to the point where we can now use autonomy for these vehicles to aid in the astronauts’ missions," said Kirk Shireman, VP of lunar exploration campaigns at Lockheed Martin, in the statement. "Autonomy will enable these rovers to carry tools and samples, and allows the crews to do more in the time they have there on the surface." NASA is also partnering with the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) to develop a much larger pressurized rover that's capable of allowing astronauts to stay on board for longer periods of time. Such a "space RV" could greatly extend the range of astronauts stationed on the lunar surface. US industry leaders have NASA's back in building a rover that could revolutionize our space exploration efforts on the surface of the Moon. But when the first astronauts will go on their first joyride is anything but certain. While NASA is still gunning for 2024, budget cuts and delays could mean the first astronauts to walk on the Moon since 1972 could be a little while longer. READ MORE: Lockheed Martin, GM team up to build new astronaut moon buggy [Space.com] More on lunar rovers: NASA Is Asking Electric Car Companies for Lunar Rover Ideas Share This Article 
At this point, it’s pretty much common knowledge that our online privacy is constantly under attack. But while most people understand that their data is at risk, what isn’t necessarily understood are the steps one can take to protect it. One of the easiest ways to keep your data safe is with a virtual private network, or VPN. And when it comes to choosing a VPN, CyberGhost is one of the very best options available to make sure your Internet usage stays private and secure. Without a VPN, your Internet service provider (ISP) can keep logs of everything you do, and if a sufficiently powerful enough entity (like, for instance, a government agency) tells them to hand it over, they will. Not to mention the risk of them selling your information to data brokers and unscrupulous online advertisers. But with a CyberGhost VPN, your Internet activity will be scrambled and secured, visible only to you and its intended recipients, with no spying eyes, hackers, or anyone else getting access. Of course, privacy is really only one reason you should consider using the Internet with CyberGhost. Another is that it offers true freedom, no matter where you physically are in the world. These days, the content you see online is often dictated by your geographical location, thanks to either governmental censorship or the corporate whims of media conglomerates that have different commercial strategies in different regions. But with a CyberGhost VPN, those restrictions are more like gentle suggestions that can be easily bypassed and circumvented at will. Then, of course, there’s your personal data like credit card information, which hackers can use in order to steal your identity. If you’ve ever used a public WiFi network (like those used in airports or coffee shops, for example), you’re especially vulnerable to this mode of theft. But with CyberGhost you can use any WiFi network with total peace of mind, because it makes everything you do on the Internet completely private. How is this accomplished? Like any other VPN, CyberGhost essentially secures your entire Internet identity on two fronts. First, it encrypts all your Internet traffic so that no one -- not even your own ISP -- can see it. Second, it reroutes all that traffic through its various servers scattered throughout the globe, effectively hiding your ISP address (and by extension your true, physical location) from anyone you might interact or share data with online. But CyberGhost offers some great features in addition to its 15 years of expertise in the Internet privacy. This includes military grade 256-bit AES encryption, a strict no-log policy for all users, 6800 worldwide servers, unlimited bandwidth, and simultaneous support for up to seven devices at a time. Best of all, right now, you can get CyberGhost VPN for a special price of just $2.25 per month. So if you’re ready to join the digital revolution and take back your online privacy, head over to the official CyberGhost site now for more info and to sign up. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Russia's space agency Roscosmos has announced that it's planning to send a nuclear-powered "space tug" as far as Jupiter in 2030. According to state-owned news agency TASS, the mission of the uncrewed transport and energy module, dubbed "Zeus," will last for about 50 months. "Together with the Russian Academy of Sciences, were are now making calculations about this flight’s ballistics and payload," Roscosmos executive director for long-term programs and science Alexander Bloshenko told reporters over the weekend, as quoted by the outlet. It's yet another announcement of an ambitious deep space mission by Russia's space agency, rounding out an already packed schedule between now and the end of this decade. The country is also looking to get its own orbital space station off the ground and land a probe on the south pole of the Moon by the end of the year. The space tug itself will feature a 500 kilowatt nuclear reactor and weigh up to 22 tons, according to state-owned news outlet Sputnik. Bloshenko detailed Zeus' ambitious journey during his remarks. First the space tug will first fly to the Moon, where it will release a spacecraft that will go on to Venus. Then it will use Venus as a gravity assist to deliver yet another spacecraft, which will make its own long journey to Jupiter. A nuclear-powered spacecraft could greatly shorten lengthy trips through deep space for astronauts. Currently, spacecraft rely on chemical propellants, solar energy and gravity for acceleration, as Insider points out. With existing technologies, a round-trip to Mars could take more than three years. A nuclear-powered spacecraft could cut that time to just two years, according to NASA. The Zeus module will act as a mobile source of nuclear power for future spacecraft that may attempt to make longer journeys through space. Roscosmos has also signed a contract with design bureau Arsenal last year to develop a separate nuclear-powered space tug called "Nuklon," according to TASS. The delivery date of the project is July 2024 and will reportedly cost more than $56.7 million. Similar nuclear technologies could also be used to power future satellites and orbital stations, according to Sputnik. Russia isn't the only country betting on nuclear energy in space. NASA is also working on a nuclear-power plant to be established in deep space, more specifically on the surface of the Moon. "Once the technology is proven through the demonstration, future systems could be scaled up or multiple units could be used together for long-duration missions to the moon and eventually Mars," Anthony Calomino, NASA’s nuclear technology portfolio lead, told CNBC in November. Calomino also noted that "the ability to produce large amounts of electrical power on planetary surfaces using a fission surface power system would enable large-scale exploration, establishment of human outposts, and utilization of in situ resources." Both Russia and the US are betting big on nuclear power in space. Not only would the technology provide future outposts with power, but nuclear fission reactors could also allow us to cross larger distances within our solar system in significantly less time. READ MORE: Russia plans to launch a nuclear-powered spacecraft that can travel from the moon to Jupiter [Insider] More on Roscosmos: Russia Says It’s Quitting the ISS, But It’s Also Testing a New ISS Module Share This Article 
It's tough to keep your brain sharp in the modern world. Pollution can frizzle your synapses, the constant demands on your attention can drain your emotional reservoirs, and balancing work and life can leave you hazy and unfocused. MindHoney offers a natural approach to regaining focus and clarity in the form of nootropics. From the Greek for "mind" (noo) and "a turning" (tropic), nootropics are a class of supplements that affect mood, focus, clarity, and emotional state. The most common one, by far, is caffeine. Yet as the research unfolds, we're finding that a range of substances helps with mental function, from essential building blocks such as B vitamins to substances that may assist in or accelerate processes like the creation of adenosine triphosphate (ATP), the fuel of the body. Many of these are found in products like mushrooms and herbs that have been on our plates for centuries. MindHoney puts a range of nootropics into an easy-to-take capsule that's certified organic, vegan-friendly, gluten-free, and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) certified. The formula includes herbs, mushrooms,  clinically studied brain enhancers, and vitamins B3, B6, B9, and B12. The mix is designed to support clarity and focus directly and indirectly. Directly, the vitamins will help your body regulate cholesterol and energy production while supporting the mental infrastructure that regulates mood and emotions. Indirectly, the mix supports the production of substances the body needs, like ATP and acetylcholine (ACH), to provide more fuel for energy, better sleep to eliminate the early morning haze and to help modulate blood sugar and cortisol levels so you keep on an even keel. Nootropics offer a new window into the link between mental and physical health. If you're curious to see what they can do for you, currently a thirty-day supply of MindHoney is $31.95, 20% off the MSRP. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has always been adamant that his car company is capable of developing an entirely camera-based self-driving system for its vehicles — without the need of LIDAR (or laser pulse-based light detection) technologies currently used by most other autonomous vehicle companies. But according to images uploaded to Twitter by autonomous vehicle consultant Grayson Brulte, Musk's company may have changed his tune. Spotted in Palm Beach, Florida. A @Tesla Model Y with #LiDAR and CA Manufacturing (MFG) Plates. Can anyone offer details/insights? pic.twitter.com/5Uh4WU0U41 — Grayson Brulte (@gbrulte) May 20, 2021  The photos, Bloomberg reports, show a Tesla Model Y with a LIDAR rack mounted to its roof as it drives down a road in Palm Beach, Florida. That's despite Musk telling investors that LIDAR technologies were a "fool's errand" in April 2019 and that "anyone relying on LIDAR is doomed." In a 2018 earnings call, Musk also called LIDAR " a crutch that will drive companies to a local maximum that they will find very hard to get out of." In other words, we may be seeing yet another change of heart for the billionaire. According to Bloomberg's anonymous sources, Florida-based LIDAR company Luminar sold Tesla the sensors. Luminar's shares rose right after the images were posted, seeing a 9.8 percent bump, Bloomberg reports — collaborating with one of the hottest car companies in the space is bound to raise plenty of interest among investors. The images leave plenty of questions unanswered, though. There's a chance Tesla is using the data it is gathering to fine-tune its camera-based self-driving systems, one expert told Bloomberg. "If they made that change, it would effectively deprecate their entire fleet of vehicles," he argued. "They are not going to retrofit one million vehicles." It's hard to make of what Tesla is trying to achieve with the testing. Musk appears to be adamant about ditching the technology long term. "We believe that a vision-only system is ultimately all that is needed for full autonomy," Musk told investors during a 2021 Q1 investors call. "Our AI-based software architecture has been increasingly reliant on cameras, to the point where radar is becoming unnecessary earlier than expected." Whether that will turn out to be the right decision remains to be seen. READ MORE: Tesla Tests Luminar Sensor Musk Scorned as ‘Fool’s Errand’ [Bloomberg] More on LIDAR: This $500 Lidar System Could Prove Elon Musk Wrong Share This Article 
Are you ever worried about whether your Internet connection is safe and secure? While your favorite restaurant or local coffee shop may offer free Wi-Fi, these open networks often become hot spots for crimes such as hacking and identity theft. That's because when you connect to an unsecured public network, your unsecured data can be viewed by anyone. Sensitive data, such as social security numbers, credit card info, and passwords can easily fall into the wrong hands. And while nothing will make the Internet 100-percent safe, computer experts and law enforcement organizations advise users to encrypt their data with something called Virtual Private Network (VPN). And when it comes to choosing the right network, FastestVPN is one of the best in the business. Think of a VPN as a tunnel that hides and protects your data until it reaches the correct destination. In the past, using a VPN could be a confusing, complicated undertaking. But today, VPN providers have significantly simplified the process, meaning it only takes a couple of clicks to start browsing securely. And FastestVPN offers one of the best, most intuitive platforms around. Offering servers in 40 different countries and 52 locations, FastestVPN is guaranteed to make your browsing more secure. What’s more, FastestVPN enables you to access content that's might otherwise be blocked in your region. This way, you can access anything from Netflix to Hulu, even if you’re in a country where they’re normally inaccessible. Apart from security and bypassing geographical restrictions, you also get a free adblocker by subscribing. Not only will your Internet experience will be free of annoying pop-ups, but it will also protect you against malware that can be hidden in advertisements. FastestVPN can be used on more than 20 different platforms, including Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and even smart TVs. If you’re having trouble with an Internet connection while on a business trip, don’t worry. By connecting to the desired server with FastestVPN, you can significantly boost your Internet connection, no matter where you are. Your ISP might deliberately slow down your connection, which is something called ISP throttling. However, FastestVPN bypasses that, giving you the fastest possible Internet speed in the area. And all of your Internet traffic is protected by AES 256-bit encryption, a standard used by governments and militaries across the globe. And if your VPN connection ever goes down, an “Internet kill switch” is activated, which terminates you Internet connection to prevent your data from being exposed. What’s more, FastestVPN currently offers 2TB of Internet cloud storage and discounts of up to 90-percent. And if you're not completely satisfied, they also offer a 15-day money-back guarantee. FastestVPN offers three plans. Perhaps the best one is a 3-year-plan, which costs you only $1.11 per month. The 1-month-plan costs $10 per month, while the 1-year plan costs $2.49 per month. Every plan comes with FastestVPN’s cloud service which incorporates up to 2TB of storage. FastestVPN also offers 24/7 technical support. So what are you waiting for? Click here to get started with FastestVPN, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to a new announcement by the Chinese government, the country is looking to crack down on cryptocurrency mining. The Thursday statement, penned by the State Council’s Financial Stability and Development Committee, comes just three days after regulators banned financial institutions from doing any business related to cryptocurrencies. The Chinese government will "crack down on bitcoin mining and trading behavior, and resolutely prevent the transfer of individual risks to the society," according to the statement, as translated by the South China Morning Post. That's a huge deal for the cryptocurrency world, because China accounts for 65 percent of Bitcoin mining globally, according to Coindesk. A massive industry has grown around the practice, with warehouses full of computers relying on fossil fuels to generate enough power to turn a profit in the competitive mining industry. "The wording of the statement did not leave much leeway for cryptocurrency mining," Li Yi, chief research fellow at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, told SCMP. "When all mining activities are banned in China, it will be a turning point for the fate of bitcoin, as a large chunk of its processing power is taken out of the picture." The statement, however, doesn't explicitly mention an outright ban of the practice. Nonetheless, the wording certainly doesn't leave much hope for the countless businesses that have cropped up and profited greatly from recent surges in its value. That surge in early 2021 was followed by a significant slump, compounded by billionaire and Tesla CEO Elon Musk. Tesla had first allowed payments to be made in Bitcoin back in March, but Musk reversed that policy only a few months later, citing environmental concerns. Now, it looks like China is also alarmed by cryptocurrency mining's considerable carbon footprint. The country wants to cut emissions by at least 65 percent by 2030. Meanwhile, Musk is trying to tackle the issue in the US as well. "Spoke with North American Bitcoin miners," the CEO wrote in a Monday tweet. "They committed to publish current and planned renewable usage and to ask miners [worldwide] to do so." "Potentially promising," he added. The environment isn't the only concern for both China's and the US government. Both countries have also cited concerns over illicit uses of cryptocurrencies. Just last week, the US Treasury Department announced that businesses must report any cryptocurrency transaction greater than $10,000 to the IRS, Ars Technica reported. It appears that China also cracking down on illegal crypto-related activity. "It is necessary to maintain the smooth operation of the stock, bond, and foreign exchange markets, severely crack down on illegal securities acts, and severely punish illegal and criminal financial activities," reads the Chinese government's statement. The country is also working on its own centralized digital currency, albeit relying on fundamentally different technologies than cryptocurrencies. With a switch to a central bank digital currency (CBDC), the Chinese government will have an unprecedented level of scrutiny over most transactions occurring within its borders, critics say. Transactions made via cryptocurrencies, in contrast, are largely anonymous. Some argue China's crackdown on cryptocurrencies could be seen as a way to clear the way for its own digital currency. "It’s no surprise to me, as Chinese capital controls can be challenged by cryptocurrency purchases in the country and transfers out of the country," CEO for APAC at Saxo Markets told Bloomberg last week. "So avoiding use of them in the country is essential to maintaining capital controls," he added. "The only tolerable digital currency to a government with strong capital controls is their own [Central Bank Digital Currency]." Cracking down on all cryptocurrency mining will be a major task for local law enforcement and a complete ban could take years to enforce. The move will also likely have a great effect on the value of popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. Without China in the picture, the future of traditional cryptocurrencies that rely on industrial-scale mining practices is starting to look a lot more uncertain. READ MORE: China to crack down on mining of cryptocurrencies, delivering a one-two punch to digital tokens after triggering global sell-off [South China Morning Post] More on the crackdown: China Bans Banks From Using Cryptocurrency, Causing Worldwide Crash Share This Article 
While photographic technology is improving to the point where even your worst photos are fixable, few of us can go out and shoot everything we need for every web page and flyer we want to make. Scopio not only gives you a diverse and unique collection of 300,000 photos and growing, but it'll also fit any budget with a lifetime subscription costing just $99. Scopio, which made the Forbes 30under30 for 2020, was founded by Nour Chamoun and Christina Hawatmeh to address the lack of diversity and authenticity in stock photography while also tackling the prohibitive cost of stock libraries. If you've used other stock sites, you've likely noticed the same models, again and again, often in posed positions. While this is great for memes, it's expensive and can make life difficult for brands trying to stand out on social media, in their printed materials, or elsewhere. How can you be unique when the same models keep turning up in both your and your competitors' materials? Scopio has chosen a different path, recruiting over 13,000 photographers from 150 countries to take unique images perfect for bringing a global feel to your work. There are no models in the photos, which are curated by an expert team of editors and designers to select the perfect image. Instead they depict cultural traditions, current events, stunning architecture, and much more. And as you select images, the photographers are supported, creating a global marketplace for unique images. With a Scopio license, you'll have unlimited access to the library, which is completely royalty-free and includes global rights. The images can be used in presentations, on merchandise, in templates and advertising, and for theatrical use under their standard commercial license. Normally, a commercial lifetime license with Scopio would cost you $4480. But right now, you can get it for just $99, 97% off the MSRP. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It’s always tough to find a great deal on quality products, and when the economy is as difficult as it has been, every dollar counts. Whether you’re looking to upgrade your electronics or searching for that perfect grill to use for your Memorial Day party, you should first check out eBay’s Certified Refurbished department. Premium quality Certified Refurbished isn’t synonym for used, they’re products that have been bought, returned, and restored to pristine, like-new quality. You aren’t buying something second-hand; you’re getting a guarantee from the manufacturer that it’s the same level of quality as the first time it was removed from the box. Millions of folks have bought refurbished and been completely happy with their choice, according to a 2018 Consumer Reports survey. And it isn’t just posturing, eBay provides a 30 day no-hassle return guarantee. If your product isn’t like-new quality or is missing an accessory, they’ll take it back and provide a refund with no questions asked. You also get eBay’s two year warranty on all Certified Refurbished goods, meaning that if there’s a fault you discover six months down the road, it’s no problem–eBay has got you covered. Discount prices Certified Refurbished means you get high-quality goods, including electronics, for far less than you would pay for new. A new Macbook could cost you $1500, while a Certified Refurbished only costs $800 for the same thing! Make every paycheck go further by snatching up deals on refurbished items. Right now you can get 50% off everything in the Certified Refurbished department, on top of the discount that you’re already getting from buying refurbished merchandise! You'll get all the top name-brands that you love, for less than you can find anywhere else. Bose, Lenovo, Acer, Razer, SkullCandy, and DEWALT are just a few of the brands that regularly sell their refurbished wares on eBay. Even better, eBay is providing an additional 15% off coupon for your next purchase to celebrate the beginning of summer. Reduce Waste One of the biggest causes of climate change is purchasing new items that require manufacture, assembly, shipping, and all the emissions that go along with it. This isn’t even including the leakage of heavy, toxic metals into the ground and water by electronic waste. Purchasing refurbished stops returned goods from just being thrown into a landfill. Plenty of products have years of high-quality life left in them, and will be tossed because of a scratch, ding, or someone just didn’t like the color. Don’t contribute to the nearly 150 million tons of waste that gets tossed into American landfills every year; buy refurbished from retail sites like eBay. Not only will you be saving money on the latest goods with every purchase, you’ll be saving the planet too! Get 50% off of every Certified Refurbished product in eBay’s inventory, and be sure to use the additional 15% off coupon. You, your budget, and the planet will be thrilled with your purchase. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The core module of China's upcoming Tiangong space station has a powerful robot arm attached, and US military leadership is sounding the alarm that it could be used to tamper with other spacecraft. James Dickinson, the commander of the US Space Command, warned Congress last month that robot arms like it, such as the one attached to the Chinese spacecraft Shijian-17, could have nefarious purposes like attacking satellites, according to the South China Morning Post. "One notable object is the Shijian-17, a Chinese satellite with a robotic arm," Dickinson recently told Congress, adding that such arms could be "could be used in a future system for grappling other satellites." Chinese officials told the SCMP that the US military was unfairly criticizing what's become a fairly common space technology. After all, the International Space Station has a robot arm as well, which can extend up to 17 meters and has been used for construction and repairs — not combat — for years, and NASA first launched a spacecraft with a robotic arm in the 1990s. Chinese officials say that the robot arm on the new space station will be used to grab onto approaching spacecraft to help them dock, and that other spacecraft with robotic arms are designed to target and remove dangerous junk that's orbiting the Earth. "If China makes a breakthrough in debris removal, it will be welcomed internationally," Hong Kong-based military commentator Song Zhongping told the SCMP. READ MORE: China space station’s giant robotic arm sparks concerns in US [South China Morning Post] More on orbital combat: US Intel Chief: Chinese Space Station Is a Threat to National Security Share This Article 
Everything is more difficult when you are tired and worn down. Whether it’s little everyday tasks like making dinner or going to the gym, or bigger things like deadlines at work or renovating your house, it all feels overwhelming and impossible when you are running on fumes. So what should you do when you feel overcome by exhaustion? Obviously you can walk into any convenience or grocery store in the country and find dozens of energy drinks that will give you a jolt. And there’s always a good old-fashioned cup of coffee. But those are just temporary solutions that trick your brain into being awake when it wants to be asleep. They don’t actually address your exhaustion and lack of energy at the root level. If you want to do that, you need to check out the  Qualia Nootropic Energy,  a revolutionary Nootropics drink created by a team of scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15-percent discount.) Qualia Nootropic Energy is the product of years of research into brain function and neurochemical systems. This has allowed Neurohacker to identify neurological processes that can be easily and quickly augmented by various nootropic compounds, vitamins, amino acids, fruit extracts, and herbal extracts. Their scientists then developed a precise blend of 12 such ingredients that are clinically proven to improve cognitive function and overall brain health. Many of the ingredients in Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks are nootropics. Sometimes marketed as “smart drugs,” nootropics are really just chemical compounds that the brain consumes and uses as fuel for the various processes involved in cognition. When taken in the right amounts, and in the right combinations, nootropics have been shown to enhance neuroplasticity and neurotransmission, which in turn enhances verbal fluency, critical thinking, memory, mood, stamina, alertness, and focus. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks contain six different nootropic compounds: Want to read about the other ingredients used in Qualia Nootropic Energy? No problem. Neurohacker explains every single one of them in incredible detail. Just click here to see the full list. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks are designed for daily or occasional use. Each two-ounce berry-flavored shot contains just 4g of sugar and 15 total calories. Shots come in packs of 20. New subscribers get 50-percent off their first shipment, plus 17-percent off all subsequent shipments. Like all Neurohacker Collective products, Qualia Nootropic Energy comes with a full 100-day money-back guarantee, plus a free cognitive assessment tool to help you track changes in cognitive function. If you don’t notice an improvement in your mental performance while using Qualia Nootropic Energy shots, they’ll give you a full refund. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15-percent discount.) If life feels especially difficult right now because you’re always exhausted, don’t just sit there and hope things eventually get easier. Take action right now to make your life easier. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks were designed to boost energy, focus, memory, productivity, and long term brain health. That’s way more than you’ll get from a sugary energy drink or triple nonfat mocha latte. All you have to do is click here to get started. And don't forget to use coupon code PROD15 for 15-perent off. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In the business world, white papers are the ideal way to stay current, informed, and innovative as a leading professional and financial decision-maker. Designed to help readers understand complex issues and make a considerate decision, white papers are one of the multitudinous ways that NetSuite is the number one cloud enterprise resource planning (EPR) entity in the industry. NetSuite's EPR systems "collect and organize key business information and help organizations run lean, efficient operations, even as they expand." An invaluable asset to any growing company, NetSuite not only offers the leading EPR cloud software, but it also offers access to white papers that will shape the future of your business and leadership potential for the better.  In "The Future of Finance is in the CFO's Hands", NetSuite offers insight as to master the juggling act that is incorporating new technology due to COVID restraints while maintaining traditional responsibilities like internal controls and compliance. Chapter by chapter, this white paper outlines the ways in which modern CFOs can run their company successfully without losing stride amidst rapidly-changing circumstances.  CFOs need platforms that automatically update to meet the standards of lease accounting regulations. Additionally, they can benefit from a platform that provides real-time data and analysis in order to adapt their company strategies in real time. With NetSuite, CFOs need not worry with AI-powered "self-driving software" that processes thousands of transactions instantly as well as flag potential fraudulent transactions. While a CFO can't monitor every single transaction, there needs to be a reliable, rapid system that will catch every mistake and offer solutions—and this is exactly what NetSuite's Intelligent Insights accomplishes.  Another trend amongst tech-savvy CFOs is the use of blockchain, a revolutionary software that offers instant, valid financial transactions. After all, it's what industry leaders like HSBC, Barclays and Pfizer are using, which is why according to NetSuite, "to own the future of finance, CFOs must own all that is blockchain." With NetSuite's Oracle Blockchain Cloud Service, this is something that every CFO can do by simply partnering with NetSuite.  Amidst the changes brought on by COVID, CFOs have been prompted to respond by creating a flexible infrastructure that can adapt to monumental changes in the future. This is why governance, risk and compliance (GRC) processes need to be embedded within ERP software, IT infrastructure and organizational culture, which is exactly what NetSuite offers. As businesses go multi-lingual, multi-currency, and multi-book, NetSuite's GRC processes test new business models that are up to par for complex international businesses.  For these reasons and many more, NetSuite's Cloud ERP can push a CFO into the Strategic CFO Hall of Fame. If you want to enshrine your company name in the CFO Hall of Fame, utilize all that NetSuite has to offer with their current, informative white papers on the future of cutting-edge business software and capabilities. Download NetSuite's white paper today and learn how to become the CFO you've always dreamed of becoming. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Video games manage to be high tech, big business, and serious art, and sometimes all three at once. Whether you want to better understand the games you play or think you can do the current scene one better, the Unity Game Developer Bundle features ten courses, and a year of PlayStation Plus, to prove it. PlayStation Plus not only lets you play online multiplayer, but it also offers two free games a month, 100GB of cloud saves, and the ability to pass the controller to a friend to try a game out, even if they don't own it. That makes it a good entry point to find, and try, different games as you learn how to build your own. The courses in this bundle are taught by the team at Mammoth Interactive, which draws on the extensive coding and game design experience of its team to make coding fun, and ZENVA Interactive, which aims to make it easy to pick up new coding skills and learn from scratch. Together, they've taught over 1,500,000 students how to turn their dreams into strings of code they can play. Each of the ten courses focuses on code-along projects in the popular free game development suite Unity, exploring a specific genre, such as stealth or first-person shooters. You'll learn how each is coded in Unity and where other popular game development tools, such as Blender, come into play in the process. Along the way, you'll learn how the Unity development environment treats artificial intelligence and how to create effective, fun multiplayer experiences. If you're looking to learn to code or want to see how to make art with games, this bundle will give you the tools to make it happen. While a year of PlayStation Plus costs $59.99, this bundle can be had for just $69.99, or an additional $10 for these courses. Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Converting your home to solar energy sounds like a great idea in theory. However, actually taking the plunge can be a little intimidating. After all, while the cost of going solar is way lower than it used to be, we’re still talking about a significant investment. You need to be certain it will pay off. That’s why, if you are serious about residential solar power, the first thing you need to do is get a free estimate and consultation from the experts at Understand Solar. When most people think about investing in solar energy, the first thing that comes to mind is immediately reducing or even eliminating their electricity bill. And depending on where you live, it might be possible to eliminate your dependence on traditional energy. However, in most cases solar energy systems won’t make money right away, because any money you save on your electric bill will only offset the cost of financing your solar energy system. Where most people stand to make money by investing in solar energy is over the long term. Though it all depends on where you live and how much sunlight your property gets, in general homes with solar energy systems sell faster and for higher prices than homes without solar energy systems. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1% to the value of the average home. Another study found that buyers are typically willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And another calculated that you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar energy installed. These are all averages using data collected from different regions. The exact figures in your area will vary. But the story they tell is promising. When you factor in projected increases in electricity rates over 10 to 20 years, and all the money you’ll save on traditional energy, plus the value a solar energy system can add to your home, solar panels can be a very good long term investment. In fact, in some cases they may outperform traditional investment portfolios. So how do you figure out what solar is worth to you? You contact the experts at Understand Solar, who will walk you through the entire process for free with absolutely no commitment required. Understand Solar is a third party solar energy advocate that educates consumers, provides free personalized solar energy assessments, and puts them in touch with local installers. To get your free personalized solar energy assessment, all you have to do is fill out Understand Solar’s simple online form and provide a few details about your home. After that, an Understand Solar expert will contact you via phone and go over your assessment and any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. Your free solar assessment may reveal that, for one reason or another, solar energy just isn’t right for you. Maybe your house doesn’t get enough direct sunlight, or maybe government regulations and energy rates in your area make a long term investment in solar energy unprofitable. On the other hand, the average cost of installing solar energy systems has dropped a whopping 70 percent over the last decade. And research shows that today’s home buyers want and are willing to pay for energy independence. So it’s also quite possible you discover that solar energy would make an outstanding investment. If you own your own home and are starting to plan for your financial future, don’t miss out on this opportunity to do something that’s good for the environment and your finances. Click here and get your free personalized solar assessment from Understand Solar today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Trying on lipstick before you bought it once meant dealing with an apathetic store assistant and the dubious hygiene of putting your lips on the same surface as countless fellow shoppers. Now, amplified by the pandemic, a flurry of prominent cosmetics brands are trying to reproduce that experience in apps that superimpose digital representations of cosmetic products, from brows to eyeliner to contouring cream, onto your face as viewed through your phone’s front facing camera. And then, of course, they try to sell that augmented reality vision to you in real life. Take Pam McKim, an Orange County resident who recently downloaded My Dior, an app by storied fashion brand Christian Dior, for her iPhone 12. McKim tried on several shades of lipstick by digitally projecting them onto her face, ultimately ordering two hues of the company’s Addict Lip Glow Oil — 001 Pink and 006 Berry, to be precise — directly from the app. "It was an interesting concept, so I tried it," she told Futurism. "My lips were fire." The trend is already making deep inroads into the beauty industry, which is estimated to be worth more than a half-trillion dollars. Prominent brands including Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty, Glossier, Gucci, NYX, Maybelline and Makeup Revolution are all experimenting with variations on the tech, some in increasingly serious ways. In 2018, cosmetics behemoth L'Oréal bought an entire AR development studio, ModiFace, to help build out its offerings in the space. "It will be entirely normalized before you buy any cosmetic product," said Tom Cheesewright, a business consultant in the UK. "Then you can actually create a really sick, digital experience, at very low cost to the brand." Behind this phenomenon is springing up a cottage industry of AR developers who specialize in the new convergence of cosmetics and filters. Software developer Poplar Studio, for instance, has done work for brands including L'Oréal, NYX and Maybelline to create what those in the AR industry often call "experiences." "People don't necessarily want to travel to a store to just try stuff before you buy it," Poplar CEO David Ripert told Futurism. The beauty industry, he says, demands a level of fidelity that users don’t necessarily expect from an Instagram filter that adds bunny ears or a flower crown. "The way it works for most technology out there is that it's going to apply what we call a mask," he said, which Poplar accomplishes by training the system with thousands of photos and 3D models of actual people’s face. "On that mask we’ve said this is the lip color and this is the blush and this is what we’re going to modify, and it's going to try to apply that mask on top of your face." The difficulty, he said, is that "all our faces are different, and your lip form is different from mine and everybody else. It’s not going to look as realistic as possible unless it completely matches your own form, and that requires a lot of development." And just as challenging as the variety of human faces, he said, is the unpredictability of the environments they can appear in. "There might be things like, for example, reflections, like I'm looking at you on the camera right now as you move your face," Ripert said. “So because you might have a blue light or maybe your wall is hard, color is going to reflect that on your skin.” The specifics of Poplar’s work can vary significantly. For a recent collaboration with Maybelline, for instance, Ripert’s team built an Instagram filter that digitally erases the user’s brows and then lets them swap in products like the company’s eyebrow pomade crayons. The goal, he said, wasn’t just to show the final result but also to give a sense of how intuitive the products were to apply. And sometimes the goal is to create an outright narrative. For a Halloween-themed Instagram filter for NYX, Poplar created a virtual "haunted house" that let users meet horror film-style characters like Prima Ballerina and Broken Beauty, and virtually try on each one's makeup aesthetic. For cosmetics brands, of course, there are two looming questions about this nascent tech: whether it connects with and holds the attention of users, and whether it lead them to actually make purchases. "Is this one of those shiny new things?" asked retail consultant Catherine Erdly. "Is this a beautifying filter, or is it a demonstration of what the product can do?" There’s often a line between a gimmick and a groundbreaking technology. QR codes, for instance, languished for a decade — before finally picking up significant steam during the pandemic as a touch-free way to pull up everything from restaurant menus to medical info. Whether AR will ever pick up that level of ubiquity, in the beauty industry or elsewhere, remains to be seen. There’s also the question of how effective the tech actually is at depicting the nuances of a real product on your face. The filters can be immediately impressive on a technical level, but often fail to capture the subtleties of texture and lighting that makeup connoisseurs are looking for in a retail environment. The underlying technology is bound to keep improving, but currently it still lacks the sophistication needed to eclipse actually trying a product on. And as with other filters on social media, the tech also raises questions about the relationship between enhancement and fabrication. Faces exist in the real world, but they also exist as data, as with the masks that Poplar works with, and the delineation has never been less clear. "It’s giving off this false impression that actually this filter is magically making you all around more beautified," Erdly said, echoing an observation by McKim, who opined that the app "clearly facetuned me before putting the colors on." In other words, the rise of AR in the beauty industry falls onto a preexisting spectrum of digital representations of our selves, from Snapchat to Instagram and TikTok to Zoom, all of which offer some form of beautifying filters. Eventually, the question might become which matters more, and in which contexts: the analog version of yourself, or the digitized one? It’s easy to imagine a world, perhaps in five or ten years, in which doing your makeup won’t mean spending hours in front of a mirror — instead, maybe it will be more like a "customize your character" selection screen in a video game that shows others how to perceive you on their own AR hardware. One thing, at least, is clear: the makeup companies are trying to fill that uncanny valley as soon as possible — with your dollars, time, and attention. Share This Article 
Physicists have mastered the power of light to the point where we can use it to float "magic carpets." Yet the lighting in our homes is often confined to the same bland lamps we've always had. The Protean Color Changing Wall Light aims to change that. The heart of the Protean is light-emitting diodes, or LEDs. LEDs create light by running electricity through a semiconductor, unlike past light sources that used electrochemical reactions or electrical resistance. This means as a light source they're cooler, brighter, and far longer-lasting with up to 50,000 hours of operation. And since they're part of a circuit, they're easier to control and offer more precision in color options without needing to add shades or filters. The Protean takes advantage of that with a minimalist design that weighs just 2.5 pounds, making it easy to hang or attach to a ceiling, wall, or floor. It's built to provide indirect light that fills a room, and its aluminum construction is shatterproof and water-resistant for ease of use anywhere. There's no setup or app needed; just set it up where you want and plug it in, making it ideal for dorm rooms, guest rooms, and other temporary spaces. Then, use the included remote to control your lighting and create your perfect mood. You can pick from over 16 million different colors to set different moods, with warm light for a party and cooler light for when you need to focus. It's also dimmable, so you can fill the room with light, or turn it down to stream or make your space a little more cozy. Light is one of the most fundamental elements of our lives, and more control over it lets us make even the most temporary space our own. Normally, the Protean would cost $139, but right now, it's available for $79.95, 42% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk took to Twitter yesterday to argue that top Bitcoin miners should reveal how much renewable energy they are using. His tweet comes in response to ARK Invest's director of research Brett Winton advocating for Bitcoin miners to increasingly adopt renewables. ARK is working on an open source mining model that takes advantage of solar panels and battery storage, as outlined in a white paper. Winton's argument is that it's lucrative enough to push existing miners to take advantage of more renewable forms of energy. "Previously, we demonstrated how Bitcoin minting could allow solar and battery systems to economically scale to provide a larger share of grid energy across different historical bitcoin pricing/hash timeframes," Winton wrote in a tweet. The concept attracted the interest of Musk, who weighed in with his own thoughts. "I agree that this *can* be done over time, but recent extreme energy usage growth could not possibly have been done so fast with renewables," Musk argued. In other words, as of right now, plenty of miners — particularly in China — are using coal and fossil fuels to mine Bitcoin. And the recent and explosive rise of Bitcoin probably wouldn't have been possible with exclusively renewables. "This question is easily resolved if the top 10 hashing orgs just post audited numbers of renewable energy versus not," Musk added. It's getting increasingly difficult to gauge Musk's opinion on Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies as a whole. He's careened from being a huge cryptocurrency booster to sharply criticizing the environmental toll of the tech, earning him plenty of criticism. The latest discourse, for instance, comes after Musk announced his electric car company would no longer accept Bitcoin as a form of payment citing environmental concerns — just two months after starting to accept the digital currency in the first place. “Tesla will not be selling any Bitcoin and we intend to use it for transactions as soon as mining transitions to more sustainable energy,” Musk said in a statement posted earlier this month. "We are concerned abut rapidly increasing use of fossil fuels for Bitcoin mining and transactions, especially coal, which has the worst emissions of any fuel." Musk's flipflopping on Bitcoin was followed by the currency's value — and Tesla's own shares — tanking. In recent days, the drop was also likely connected to China banning any financial institutions and payment companies from doing business related to cryptocurrencies. Overall, it's become less and less clear whether Musk sees any future in blockchain technologies, and how they'd have to change to earn his full support. "Bitcoin hashing (aka mining) energy usage is starting to exceed that of medium-sized countries," Musk wrote in a separate tweet on Thursday. That tweet was in response to someone arguing that massive Bitcoin mining organizations are undermining the decentralization inherent in blockchain-based technologies. "Almost impossible for small hashers to succeed without those massive economies of scale," Musk added. The reality is that switching the entire Bitcoin mining industry to green energy sources would be a gargantuan task. And experts say that making any fundamental changes to the way Bitcoin mining works right now would be a disaster. "How can they change the protocol?" CEO of Chinese mining firm LightningAsic Jack Liao told Reuters last week. "Change means a loss of billions." Forcing large scale mining operators to post audited numbers will also likely be met with incredulity. Besides, miners arguably have very few, if any, other incentives to switch to renewables if money is to be made using non-renewables. Is it too late for Bitcoin? Musk doesn't appear to know himself — despite his massive influence over its fate. READ MORE: Elon Musk says bitcoin can shake off its bad climate reputation if top miners prove they're using green energy [Insider] More on Musk and Bitcoin: New Cryptocurrency Called $STOPELON Is Dedicated to Bashing Elon Musk Share This Article 
If you were forced to switch to an at-home workout in 2020, you're not alone. In fact, even prior to the pandemic, many people were choosing to build the perfect at-home gym so they could conveniently exercise around their busy schedules. However, since the start of the pandemic, 60-percent of Americans found they enjoyed working out at home so much, they have no plans to return to the gym... ever. If If that sounds like you, you need to hear about The Mirror Home Gym. The Mirror is the nearly invisible at-home gym that will revolutionize your fitness journey. That's because The Mirror hides in plain sight so that it becomes your most functional piece of fitness equipment. With a small footprint and elegant design, The Mirror blends seamlessly into your home. All you need is two feet of wall space to turn any room into a complete home gym. And with over 50 genres of workouts, 5-60 minute classes, from absolute beginner to expert levels, The Mirror has the perfect workout for every fitness level. Enjoy new live classes daily, or choose from their library of thousands of on-demand classes, anytime. Because when you work out and how you work out is as important as where you work out, especially during a global pandemic. Powered by advanced camera technology and machine learning, The Mirror is an interactive smart gym that gets to know you the more you use it. The Mirror's propriety optimization algorithms deliver real-time feedback based on your goals and preferences for maximum results in minimal time. That's because it's designed to work for you so you always get your best fitness experience every time you use it. It all starts with personalized instruction designed by today's top personal trainers from around the country. In addition to that, The Mirror can help you target your goals thanks to its advanced camera technology and proprietary algorithms. Because of this, it's capable of delivering in-workout adjustments based on your goals, preferences, and personal profile. Finally, unlike the gym, The Mirror offers customized playlists featuring your favorite popular music. Or you can simply sync with Apple Music and use your own. Most importantly, you'll always be able to track your workouts, heart rate, calories, and more via your personal performance dashboard. Setting up The Mirror couldn't be easier thanks to their white glove delivery service, which includes an installation team that's trained to set everything up exactly how you want. Plus, the team behind The Mirror is so confident in their product that if you're not 100-percent satisfied, you can return it within 30-days for a replacement or a refund. All that, and it even comes with a one-year standard warranty with the option to extend your protection plan. So what are you waiting for? Purchase The Mirror now with no money down and begin your fitness journey risk-free for 30-days. That's all it takes to change and upgrade your life. All you have to do is say yes to The Mirror. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Almost a decade ago, NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft left the outer edge of our Solar System to enter interstellar space. It marked the first time a spacecraft had ever done so, a culmination of almost 35 years of traveling through space. Now, researchers are digging through all the fascinating data from it that's making its way back to Earth — and they've found something strange: a background "hum" beyond the edge of our solar system. "We're detecting the faint, persistent hum of interstellar gas," Stella Koch Ocker, Cornell doctoral student in astronomy and lead author of a new paper published in Nature Astronomy, said in a statement. "It's very faint and monotone, because it is in a narrow frequency bandwidth." As Voyager 1 traveled from the heliopause, the boundary between our solar system and interstellar space, into the interstellar medium, its scientific instruments detected a constant stream of plasma waves. The insight could allow us to gain a better understanding of the shape of the heliosphere, the protective bubble around the Solar System, and how it's influenced by this constant buffeting of interstellar gas. Voyager 1's Plasma Wave System detected a shift in the gases once it crossed the heliopause. Between bouts of strong solar eruptions caused by the Sun, there was this continuous "hum," a signature sound of interstellar gases. "The interstellar medium is like a quiet or gentle rain," said senior author James Cordes, from the George Feldstein Professor of Astronomy, in the statement. "In the case of a solar outburst, it's like detecting a lightning burst in a thunderstorm and then it's back to a gentle rain." It's a unique opportunity to study the density of interstellar space. "We've never had a chance to evaluate [the density of interstellar space]," Shami Chatterjee, co-author and Cornell researcher, said. "Now we know we don't need a fortuitous event related to the sun to measure interstellar plasma." Despite Voyager 1 being 14 billion miles away, in other  words, scientists are still able to get tantalizing glances of what space is like outside of our own home star system. READ MORE: NASA's Voyager 1 detects faint, persistent hum beyond our solar system [CNET] More on Voyager: New Voyager Readings: Space Is Much Denser Outside Solar System Share This Article 
Ford made a big splash with the unveiling of its Ford F-150 Lightning electric pickup on Wednesday. The new truck was met with plenty of praise, with media outlets like The Verge calling it the "electric truck for the masses." Even Tesla CEO Elon Musk congratulated the company "on embracing an electric future," in a Thursday tweet. It's a refreshing sign of good faith between the two automakers, particularly considering the Lightning will go up against Tesla's Cybertruck, the company's own take on an all-electric pickup truck. It's a battle of the rechargeable utility vehicles. On the one hand, if we take both automakers' claims at face value, Tesla's Cybertruck boasts a higher range (500 miles versus just 300 miles for the Lightning extended range model) and towing capacity (14,000 pounds versus just 10,000 pounds). . The two trucks have an extremely similar starting price, with the Cybertruck starting at $39,900 while the the base model of the F-150 starts at $39,974. Both trucks will also likely qualify for both federal and state rebates, bringing the price down considerably. Very little love has been lost between Ford and Tesla lately. Both companies have repeatedly taken potshots at each other with Ford antagonizing Tesla as a PR strategy. First there was Sunny Madra, VP of Ford X, who called out Musk back in November 2019 for unfairly pitting the Cybertruck against a gas-powered F-150 in a viral PR stunt. And last year, Ford's president of the Americas and international markets Kumar Galhotra said that Ford’s all-electric F-150 pickup truck will be a "real" work truck, not a "lifestyle" truck like the Cybertruck. Ford has also criticized Tesla's lack of quality control and the fact it's using its customer base as guinea pigs to test self-driving tech. What remains to be seen is how well either of the two trucks will actually sell. Both companies are in a strong position to help consumers embrace "an electric future." READ MORE: Ford F-150 Lightning gets a solid nod of respect from Tesla’s Elon Musk [Teslarati] More on the truck: Ford’s Electric F-150 Is Poised to Change the Entire EV Market Share This Article 
Noise control is the next great frontier in human comfort, to the point where we're building noise cancellation into building materials. But if you want your noise cancellation to follow you every day, the ComfoBuds Pro Headphones make it easy to control where and when you tune in to the world, using a mix of technologies called QuietMax. The bedrock QuietMax builds on is active noise canceling, or ANC. ANC tech works by sampling the audio around you, which ComfoBuds Pro does with a spaced array of three microphones in each earbud, and getting the frequency and amplitude. It feeds in sound that cancels out the noise, ensuring your music comes through clearly. It splits up the task between two bands, broad-spectrum noise like cars and airplanes, and more specific frequencies, like shrill noises and horn honks. The microphones also ensure your voice is clear and crisp when you take calls, and can even filter out the Helmholtz effect, the roar you hear when you cover your ear canal. Next, there's a dual-band system, separating treble and bass, so technical problems and annoying frequencies can be isolated to one driver and dealt with. After that, there's wind noise reduction. We've all heard the chaos wind can feed into a microphone when somebody takes a call on a blustery day, and the ComfoBuds automatically adjust to keep it out of your ears and out of your calls. All this is tuned by Luca Bignardi, a multi-Grammy-winning sound engineer. This gives you control of what you hear. Set it to strong and shut out the world, mild to keep your surroundings in the background, pass-through for safety, or even just filter out the wind on your calls. ComfoBuds fit comfortably in any ear, with six hours of playtime with ANC on, and up to 28 hours with the case. Normally they cost $105, yet right now you can save 14% and get them for $89.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Any language is an organism that evolves over time, and that can make learning a new one a tricky thing. For more than a decade, Babbel has been immersing its users in language to learn what they use from native speakers. That's made it the top-selling language app, and during this flash sale, you can get lifetime access to all Babbel's languages for just $179 during our flash sale. Babbel works by using practical dialogues with native speakers in fourteen languages, designed by linguistic experts. The idea is to get you comfortable with everyday conversation, pronunciation, and idioms through practical experience, with a lesson structure that lets you learn at your own pace, on your preferred platform, while reviewing vital points as you progress. You can also choose which topics you want to study, so you can start with vocabulary and phrases that you most need, whether for travel or for work. It's so effective that 73% of users report comfort with having a simple, short conversation in their chosen language after five hours with Babbel. That's made Babbel the #1 selling language learning app, with over 10 million users worldwide. Google Play users have given it a 4.5 out of 5 stars across more than half a million reviews, while iOS users rate it 4.6 out of 5 stars over nearly 200,000 reviews. Since its launch in 2007, Babbel has racked up positive notices from the New York Times, The Next Web, The Economist, PC Mag, and more, and it's collected a pile of awards, including "Most Innovative Company In Education" from Fast Company in 2016. Normally, a lifetime subscription, with access to all fourteen of Babbel's languages, would cost $499. But right now, in addition to a 60% off discount, we're having a flash sale that drops the price to just $179 for a lifetime of learning. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA needs a lot of money to ensure it has a shot at returning astronauts to the lunar surface. During a House hearing on Wednesday, NASA administrator Bill Nelson announced that the agency is requesting more than $11 billion for its Human Landing System (HLS) program as well as upgrading existing facilities, SpaceNews reports. It's yet another sign that NASA is facing a massive uphill battle to get astronauts off the ground and touching down on the Moon as soon as 2024 — despite its contractor SpaceX's rapid advances. To put that ask into perspective, NASA's entire budget for the 2021 fiscal year is $23.3 billion. The $11 billion would likely be paid out over a number of years, and would be layered on top of NASA's existing budget. According to Nelson, $5.4 billion will go towards alternative lander developments apart from the Elon Musk-led space company's Starship spacecraft. The news comes after NASA chose SpaceX — and SpaceX alone — to develop a spacecraft capable of landing NASA astronauts on the Moon. Both Blue Origins and Dynetics lost out on the contract and later contested the decision, filing protests. Joining the protests were also several members of Congress, who argued choosing only SpaceX was anti-competitive. NASA maintains it simply didn't have nearly enough funding to "keep going forward on more than one lander," as Nelson told members of the House yesterday. NASA asked for $3.4 billion to fund the HLS, but only $850 million was made available. In a partial reversal, NASA is now planning to conduct a separate solicitation for future missions, as SpaceNews reports, which will be open to all companies, including SpaceX. The Government Accountability Office (GAO) is now investigating Blue Origin and Dynetics' pleas. If the protests are sustained, "then everything starts over," according to Nelson, as quoted by CBS News. That would be a major setback for an already ambitious timeline for NASA's Moon-bound Artemis missions. "And you do [another] competition," Nelson added. "If it is not successful... what's been done is done." READ MORE: NASA seeking more than $10 billion in infrastructure bill [SpaceNews] More on NASA: NASA Concerned That Space Is Destroying Astronauts’ Spines Share This Article 
It sure looks a lot like an F-150 — but under the hood, major changes are taking place. Ford has unveiled its F-150 Lightning all electric pickup truck, a utility vehicle with a familiar design. But rather than guzzling gas, the Lightning can cover 230 miles on battery power alone, as is the case for the $39,974 base model. The extended range version can cover a respectable 300 miles and will go for around $55,000. While it's an iterative approach to a tried-and-true design, it's a watershed moment in the history of electric vehicles, at least in the US, as the automaker's F-series trucks have been among the country's best-selling vehicles for over 40 years. In other words, we're looking at the "electric truck for the masses," as The Verge put it. In fact, with federal and state rebates, the price of a base model Lightning could drop even below the cost of its combustion engine counterpart. The F-150 Lightning enters a red-hot market. Tesla has been hyping up its Cybertruck for years now, which is due out some time later this year — if Tesla can find its post-pandemic footing amongst a global chip shortage. General Motors also introduced its 2022 Hummer EV, a 9,000 pound beast featuring a gigantic battery and impressive specs. The F-150 Lightning comes with all the bells and whistles one would expect, including an overhauled interior with a 15.5 inch touchscreen in the center of the dashboard. A roomy front trunk, or frunk for short, can store plenty of tools and cargo as well. It can even provide a home with power during emergencies, just like a Tesla vehicle paired with the company's Powerwall. Still, not all will be smooth sailing for Ford. Most notably, America's EV charging infrastructure, particularly when it comes to non-Tesla EVs, is in a poor state, with limited coverage in rural areas — arguably where a good chunk of the F-series' target market resides. That means the issue of "range anxiety," topping of the list of reasons that many consumers still choose combustion engines over EV, will still play a role. That may soon change, though. The unveiling comes after significant investments and support from president Joe Biden to get charging infrastructure and US-made EV production where it needs to be in 2021. In other words, the country is almost ready for an all-electric F-150. "This sucker's quick," an enthused Biden told reporters after taking a joyride in the F-150 Lightning on Wednesday. READ MORE: Ford F-150 Lightning revealed: an electric truck for the masses [The Verge] More on the F-150: Joe Biden Takes All Electric Ford F-150 Lightning for a Joyride Share This Article 
If you’re familiar with the concept of euphoric beverages, then you already know they make a great alternative to alcohol. They offer the social lubrication and mood enhancing properties commonly associated with alcohol, but without the blackouts and hangovers that come with heavy drinking. Now, Kin, the biggest name in euphoric beverages, is adding a new flavor to the mix: Kin Lightwave. It's a non alcoholic drink that's actually worth drinking. The latest Kin euphoric is a smooth blend of lavender-vanilla, birch, and smoked sea salts that liven the spirit and satiate the palate. Lightwave combines Reishi Mushroom, Saffron, L-Tryptophan and Passionflower for a blend engineered to elevate your mood, delight your mind, and energize your body. How does it work? Kin Lightwave’s active euphoric ingredients fall into three basic categories, and work to improve your mood, boost your brain, and enhance your sense of social connection without getting you drunk or giving you a hangover. Reishi Mushroom and Passionflower are adaptogens, plants and herbs that can strengthen your own adrenal system and provide more balanced and healthy stress responses in your body and mind. Nootropics are supplements that can boost your brain’s cognitive function, and Lightwave is loaded with plenty of them, including L-Theanine, L-Serine, L-Tryptophan, and Magnesium Glycinate. These nootropics work together to quiet your mind and clarify your thinking. Finally, there are the botanics, including Lavender Extract, Cinnamon, Saffron, and Gentian Root, which in addition to their flavorful and aromatic properties, can confer a feeling of calm and relaxation, as well as boosting your immune system. Kin Lightwave is designed to bring “grounding calm” to your mind and spirit with each eight-ounce can. It’s described as “a functional beverage for modern rituals,” which gives you an idea of its versatility. Just crack open a can and enjoy its calming, brain-boosting effects without fear of a hangover the next morning. If you like it, you might want to drink two or even three, but the recommended 24-hour limit is four cans per person. Conveniently, you can get a four-pack of Kin Lightwave for $27, or you can save ten percent by signing up for a monthly subscription. So click here to check out both options, as well as the rest of the Kin non alcoholic euphorics lineup, including Kin Dream Light, Kin Spritz, and Kin High Rhode, at the brand’s official online store. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's time to grab some popcorn. A new emerging cryptocurrency called $STOPELON is — as its unsubtle name suggests — dedicated to excoriating Tesla CEO Elon Musk's extraordinary and often unpredictable influence on the cryptocurrency market. "Elon Musk is infamous for irresponsibly manipulating the cryptocurrency market with his Twitter account," the token's official website reads. "Just recently, he did it again, causing a massive crash across all frontiers when he tweeted that Tesla will cease to accept Bitcoin as payment." It's the perfect distillation of how furious the cryptocurrency community at large — including Musk's own fans — has become with Musk over the power he appears to wield over crypto markets, as well as his ever-changing stance on the technology. Some less subtle investors even launched a $FUCKELON coin, which itself is worth around $1.67 with a market cap of under $150,000, according to Newsweek. $STOPELON is worth even less, trading at less than $0.000026 at the time of writing, according to Poocoin, with a market cap of $13.8 million. Why is the crypto crowd so angry? Musk sent the value of Bitcoin for a rollercoaster ride this year when he first announced in March that his electric car company will start to accept the token as a form of payment. Just two months later, though, Musk released a statement saying that Tesla is suspending "vehicle purchases using Bitcoin," citing concerns about the "rapidly increasing use of fossil fuels for Bitcoin mining and transactions, especially coal." Then Musk implied in a Twitter exchange that Tesla had sold, or was considering selling, its considerable stake in Bitcoin, causing the currency to drop precipitously — before clarifying the company hadn't sold after all. Ever since, the value of Bitcoin has tanked, seemingly at least partially the result of the billionaire's flip-flopping. After record highs earlier this year, the value of Bitcoin hit four-month lows earlier this week, though it's since recovered to around $42,000. After all the unpredictability — ironic, given the cryptocurrency's innate volatility — the $STOPELON token is the fuming cryptocurrency community's response. "He’s toying with people’s portfolio like candy, like the narcissistic billionaire he is and always will be," reads its website. The community has an ambitious end game. As their "final target," the website lists "full control of Tesla stock and Stop Elon" as well as "fly to fucking Pluto." It's unclear why the dwarf planet Pluto in particular was chosen. Whether the rather scrappy group of fed up cryptocurrency investors have what it takes to topple the empire of one of the richest people in the world, though, remains to be seen. READ MORE: $STOPELON is a new coin born as reaction to Elon Musk's constant influence on crypto values [CNBC] More on Musk: Tesla Driver Caught Sleeping at 82 MPH With Autopilot Engaged Share This Article 
Once upon a time, channels like Discovery and The Learning Channel sought to enlighten their viewers about the world around them with documentaries and other educational programing. But today, there are fewer and fewer channels committed to this goal, and watered-down "reality television" reigns supreme. It seems the golden age of basic cable television is gone all but gone. Luckily, there's Curiosity Stream, a streaming service that's committed to educational, informative content that enlightens as it entertains. If you’re unfamiliar with Curiosity Stream, think of it as a Netflix for educational content. It was developed by John Hendricks, the man who founded Discovery, Inc, the company behind Discovery Channel, TLC, and Animal Planet. No matter what your field of interest, the service has something for just everyone. Neatly organized into seven categories, Curiosity Stream offers more than 2,000 documentaries and 900 exclusives. Expect to find some familiar faces in the documentaries, such as David Attenborough, Samuel L. Jackson, and Kristen Bell. Whether you’re interested in learning about UNESCO World Heritage Sites, artificial intelligence, or watching never-before-seen footage from World War II, the service has you covered. So, what’s currently trending on CuriosityStream? A documentary narrated by Nick Offerman called The History of Home explores how houses developed throughout history, while Man’s Best Friends talks about dogs and their 20,000-year-old friendship with humans. Superintelligence explores the power of artificial intelligence as well as its potential danger. But no matter what programs you choose, you can watch them anytime, anywhere, on anything. That's because Curiosity Stream has zero geo-restrictions. It also supports a wide range of devices running on both Android and iOS, from brands such as Samsung, LG, Sony, and Amazon Fire TV, just to name a few. It can also be viewed on some gaming consoles, including Xbox One. Curiosity Stream has several subscription plans, each tailored according to meet a different need. The basic, HD Monthly plan starts at just $2.99 per month, while the most popular, the HD Annual plan, costs $19.99 per month. If you have an eye for detail, why not check out the 4K plans? Buying for a group? They also offer group discounts for buying 10 subscriptions as a bundle. Want to surprise a friend with the subscription? Curiosity Stream also has gift cards. Perhaps the most interesting is the HD Lifetime subscription, which essentially means you can give someone a subscription for life. If you’re still not convinced, you can take a sneak peek at their content, here. So why wait? Click here to get started with Curiosity Stream, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
China has banned any financial institutions and payment companies from doing business related to cryptocurrencies, Reuters reports. The cryptocurrency market had been flourishing in the country, despite crypto exchanges and initial coin offerings being banned. The move signifies China's continued crackdown on any cryptocurrency activity within its borders, which is also having rippling effects felt throughout the rest of the world. In this case, for instance, Bitcoin quickly crashed to a four-month low of just $31,926, according to Coindesk before bouncing back to roughly $40,000. Many other prominent cryptocurrencies also fell sharply. "Recently, crypto currency prices have skyrocketed and plummeted, and speculative trading of cryptocurrency has rebounded, seriously infringing on the safety of people’s property and disrupting the normal economic and financial order," three industry bodies, the National Internet Finance Association of China, the China Banking Association and the Payment and Clearing Association of China, said in a joint statement, as quoted by Reuters. Such institutions must now abstain from providing any cryptocurrency services involving trading, settling, or registering accounts. It's a small part of a much larger trend. In 2017, China banned all local crypto exchanges, dealing a great hit to the global crypto market as the country represented 90 percent of global Bitcoin trading at the time. Two years later, the People's Bank of China announced that it was blocking all domestic and foreign exchanges as well as ICOs. There may be an ulterior motive behind the continued crackdown. China's central bank is currently trying to get its own sovereign digital currency off the ground, called Digital Currency Electronic Payment (DCEP). The currency is undergoing several trials right now, as the South China Morning Post reported last week. The digital currency allows anybody with a smartphone to make payments and transfers by linking their bank account to an electronic wallet app. The result, if it takes off: essentially no cash flow would be invisible to the government. "In theory, following the launch of the digital yuan, there will be no transaction that regulatory authorities will not be able to see — cash flows will be completely traceable," senior researcher with Peking University's Digital Finance Research Cen­tre Xu Yuan told SCMP. Of course, that project is quite distinct from a fully decentralized and blockchain-based cryptocurrency. In many ways it's the polar opposite, with transactions being entirely traceable and centralized, unlike cryptocurrencies that give holders at least some degree of anonymity. "It’s no surprise to me, as Chinese capital controls can be challenged by cryptocurrency purchases in the country and transfers out of the country," CEO for APAC at Saxo Markets told Bloomberg. "So avoiding use of them in the country is essential to maintaining capital controls. The only tolerable digital currency to a government with strong capital controls is their own [Central Bank Digital Currency]." Another possibility is that China's central bank is indeed looking after the interests of its own residents. Long story short, China has made it clear so far that cryptocurrencies in their current form are unwelcome in the country. It's distancing itself from wild speculation and highly volatile tokens, while pushing for a fully centralized digital currency that could give it unprecedented powers. READ MORE: China bans financial, payment institutions from cryptocurrency business [Reuters] More on China and crypto: China Could Use Bitcoin as a Weapon Against the US, Billionaire Warns Share This Article 
Just a week ago, on May 12, Bitcoin was soaring to incredible heights. Each token was selling for as much as $57,000, up from just $30,000 at the start of the year. Then came a wrecking ball in the form of Elon Musk, whose electric car company Tesla had lent Bitcoin unprecedented mainstream credibility earlier in the year when it bought $1.5 billion worth of the digital currency and started accepting it for new car sales. But that all changed in a tweet, when Musk announced that due to environmental concerns over the carbon footprint of mining, Tesla was no longer accepting Bitcoin. "Cryptocurency is a good idea on many levels and we believe it has a promising future, but this cannot come at great cost to the environment," he wrote at the time. "Tesla will not be selling any Bitcoin and we intend to use it for transactions as soon as mining transitions to more sustainable energy." The move was met with derision by cryptocurrency advocates, who accused Musk of kicking the ladder out from under them after supporting the tech at Tesla — and beyond, in the form of memes about the jokey cryptocurrency Dogecoin that drove its price up dramatically this year. They were seemingly right to be upset. During the week since Musk's announcement, almost every mainstream cryptocurrency has plummeted in value. Bitcoin sank to as low as about $30,000 today before rebounding slightly. Dogecoin has tanked even more dramatically, from a high of about $0.70 during the peak of Musk's boosterism to as low as $0.33 today — meaning that its value has effectively been chopped in half. It's not all Musk's fault. Today's particularly steep drops were probably related to an announcement by regulators in China that banks were no longer allowed to handle cryptocurrency. But viewed in that context, Musk may have been a harbinger of powerful entities turning against cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. What all that means to individual investors is complex and varied. For those who cashed out near a high, it was an extraordinary ride. But those who got swept up in the hype stood to lose enormous sums. On the one hand, cryptocurrency is clearly bigger than Tesla, and it's unlikely that losing the support of one A-list company will make or break the future of the tech. But on the other, it's one more sign of cryptocurrency's foundational instability — as well as the fact that regardless of what Musk says one day, you never know what he's going to do next. Share This Article 
A team of researchers have fired tardigrades, which are the tiny microscopic invertebrates also known as water bears, out of a gun to see if they could survive in extreme conditions like in outer space, as Science Alert reports. The tiny organisms are extremely hardy and can survive practically any conditions. Their survivability could have far-reaching consequences on our understanding of how life could spread throughout the Solar System — and our chances of ever encountering extraterrestrial life. The research could also answer whether it's possible that we already contaminated a nearby celestial body with microscopic life. Israel's lunar lander Beresheet spilled thousands of tardigrades onto the surface of the Moon when it crashed in April 2019, prompting widespread speculation that some may have survived. In the experiment, the team, made up of University of Kent astrochemist Alejandra Traspas and astrophysicist Mark Burchell, shot two to three individual freshwater tardigrades out of a specially made two-stage light-gas gun. The gun first uses gunpowder and then pressurized hydrogen or helium to accelerate projectiles up to a speed of five miles per second. The goal was to see if the tiny organisms could survive not only on the surface of otherwise inhospitable places like the Moon or other planets' icy moons, but also if they could survive a trip across the Solar System to seed microscopic life elsewhere via asteroids or comets that smash into celestial bodies at incredible speeds, a theory known as panspermia. The tiny freshwater tardigrades were first frozen into a "tun" state, which has previously been shown to allow them to withstand extremely low temperatures as well as very dry conditions. They were then fired at sand targets at several hundred meters per second, much faster than the velocity of a bullet leaving a handgun. The results speak for themselves. A control group of 20 tardigrades that weren't shot out of the gun took eight to nine hours to recover from the same "tun" state. The ones shot at a velocity of 825 meters per second survived, but took a while to recover. At 901 meters per second, though, the tardigrades turned into mush. "In the shots up to and including 0.825 kilometers per second, intact tardigrades were recovered post shot, but in the higher-speed shots only fragments of tardigrades were recovered," the researchers' paper published in the journal Astrobiology reads. "Thus, shortly after the onset of lethality, the tardigrades were also physically broken apart as impact speed increased." That means there are some constraints on their survivability when it comes to being blasted through the Solar System on an asteroid and impacting with a nearby planet. The research didn't come to any new conclusions as to whether the tardigrades survived when Beresheet impacted with the lunar surface, but the spacecraft was reportedly only traveling at 134 meters per second vertically and 946 meters per second horizontally, as Science Alert points out. And what about material hitting the Martian moon Phobos? "Similarly, Martian impact ejecta striking Phobos, for example, at a typical impact speed will not permit viable transfer of tardigrade-like organisms, but if a fraction of such material had a lower impact speed, survival may be possible," the researchers write. The researchers also argued that their findings could determine how to have a best chance of finding life during flybys of either Saturn's moon Enceladus and Jupiter's moon Europa — both of which have been found to eject saltwater in giant plumes. Either way, our fascination with the tiny microscopic creatures continues. As it turns out, it really does take an astonishing amount of energy to kill a tardigrade. READ MORE: Scientists Fired Tardigrades Out of a Gun to See if They Can Survive Space Impacts [Science Alert] More on tardigrades: This Livestream of Tardigrades on Twitch is Oddly Soothing Share This Article 
A team of researchers from Northwestern University have created a high-resolution 3D simulation of the moment a star is formed. The gorgeous animation is the most realistic of its kind to date, according to the team, and could teach us valuable lessons about how stars are formed in the universe. The computational framework, called STARFORGE (Star Formation in Gaseous Environments), simulates a gas cloud 100 times the mass of any simulation previously possible and includes details such as jets of energy escaping out of the star's poles, supernova activity, and radiation. Stellar jets are massive fountains of gas that escape while a star is forming. They also play a significant role in determining the eventual mass of a given star. "People have been simulating star formation for a couple decades now, but STARFORGE is a quantum leap in technology," said Claude-André Faucher-Giguère, astrophysicist at Northwestern, and senior author of an accompanying paper that was accepted into the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, in a statement. "It's been a very challenging question to explore because of the range of physical processes involved," he added. "This new simulation will help us directly address fundamental questions we could not definitively answer before." It's exceedingly difficult to follow the process of a star forming, as it can take tens of millions of years and is often obscured from view. "When we observe stars forming in any given region, all we see are star formation sites frozen in time," co-author Michael Grudić said. "Stars also form in clouds of dust, so they are mostly hidden." To render the stunning animation, the team took an astronomical amount of data into account, including gas dynamics, magnetic fields, and gravitational forces. In fact, the finished product was so computer intensive that it took up to three months to run a single animation using one of the most powerful supercomputers in the world. STARFORGE has already led to tangible results, allowing the researchers to better understand the role of stellar jets in the creation of stars. "Jets disrupt the inflow of gas toward the star," Grudić said in the statement. "They essentially blow away gas that would have ended up in the star and increased its mass." While it's not an entirely new discovery, the simulation allowed them to solidify what they already knew. "People have suspected this might be happening, but, by simulating the entire system, we have a robust understanding of how it works," Grudić said. The insights it provides could have even greater consequences on our understanding of the universe, the scientists say. "If we can understand star formation, then we can understand galaxy formation," Grudić explained. "And by understanding galaxy formation, we can understand more about what the universe is made of." "Understanding where we come from and how we're situated in the universe ultimately hinges on understanding the origins of stars," he added. READ MORE: Stunning simulation of stars being born is most realistic ever [Northwestern University] More on star formation: Astronomers Surprised to Find That Stars Compete With Each Other Share This Article 
No matter how the world changes, there's a lot to be said for doing it yourself. From fixing your own gear to collecting scientific data with tools built from Legos, there's plenty of room for the makers in our seemingly prefab world. This seven-course bundle shows you how to use ESP32 and Arduino software to build your own Internet of Things (IoT), and it's available for just $24.99. The Educational Engineering Team was founded in 2010 to teach both newbies and experienced engineers about the power of these unassuming chips. Microcontrollers are designed as focused computers that do relatively simple tasks and drive a huge array of systems that you use almost every day. If you've used anything with automated functions connected to a sensor today, it likely had a microcontroller running the show. The seven courses in this bundle are focused on the ESP32. With built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, and using the Arduino Integrated Development Environment (IDE), they're a perfect entry into the world of the Internet of Things and embedding microcontrollers in your project. First, you'll learn the basics of the ESP32 and how it fits into IoT ecosystems. Then, you'll learn how to program them without using code and engaging with the different modules on the chip. From there, you'll learn how to use it with the Arduino and Blynk platforms; how to create a private web server to run tasks in your smart home; create a tool that sends you an email alert whenever a sensor is triggered; and how to connect and use the ESP32 in conjunction with databases to automate more complex tasks. All of this is taught through doing, so you can get up to speed and start making quickly. Every course is rated a minimum of 4/5 stars by its students, so subscribers can count on a consistent quality throughout the whole collection of educational materials. Makers, hobbyists, and anybody who's curious about how the world is changing around them thanks to microcontrollers can get this bundle for just $24.99, 98% off the MSRP. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists are worried that spending prolonged periods of time in the microgravity of space could have negative effects on the spines of astronauts. Without the continuous downward pressure from gravity, the living tissues of bones can lose density over time, as has been shown in previous research. "Spinal health is integral to postural control and facilitating the core trunk movements required for all activities on mission," explained Ashley Weaver, a biomedical engineer at Wake Forest University in North Carolina, in a NASA statement. "So, it’s crucial that we understand how these muscle changes are influenced by long-duration exposure to microgravity." By looking at how muscle and bone mass change after spending some time in space using magnetic resonance imaging, Weaver and her team are trying to figure out how one affects the other. In 2016, a different team of researchers found that the muscles supporting the astronauts' spines were weakening, causing some to experience back pain. Without the downward pressure, spines also tend to lengthen, sometimes leading to unusual results. "I've only been in space for three weeks and haven't grown like this since middle school," Japanese astronaut Norishige Kanai tweeted back in 2018, as translated by Newsweek, noting that he grew an astonishing nine centimeters in just three weeks. "I'm a little worried if my body will fit in the Soyuz seat on my way home," Kanai added. Most recently, Weaver and her team have collected scans from nine astronauts who each spent more than half a year aboard the International Space Station. "Now that all scanning is complete, we' re looking forward to learning what bone and muscle changes occur during space missions and how these relate to injury risk," Weaver said. Fortunately, astronauts aren't completely hopeless. Scientists are coming up with specific exercises to slow down the loss of bone and muscle tissues and have seen varying degrees of success — but exercise won't be able to entirely slow down bone and muscle loss by itself. Keeping astronauts and their spines healthy will only become more relevant as humans spend more and more time in space, completing journeys to the Moon, Mars, and beyond. READ MORE: Astronauts’ Spines Under Scrutiny [NASA] More on bone loss: Researchers Built a “Gravity Suit” to Keep Astronauts Healthy Share This Article 
A strange narrative has emerged this year: the US military is taking reports of "unidentified aerial phenomena" (UAPs) more seriously than ever before — even setting up a task force that's scheduled to release a detailed report on the sightings this summer. And even before the report emerges, several military pilots have come forward to recount sightings of strange objects which, they say, appeared to break the laws of physics. Even members of Congress are getting on board, calling for the Pentagon to reveal more information about the mysterious sightings. Now, former US president Barack Obama is piling on during a "Late Late Show" interview with James Corden. When the show's bandleader Reggie Watts asked Obama about UFOs, the former Commander in Chief had a surprising — and somewhat tongue-in-cheek — answer. "When it comes to aliens, there are things I just can’t tell you on air," the former president told Watts, laughing. "The truth is that when I came into office, I asked," he continued. "I was like, ‘Is there a lab somewhere where we’re keeping the alien specimens and space ships?'" "They did a little bit of research and the answer is no," Obama added jokingly. "But what is true — and I’m actually being serious here — is that there’s footage and records of objects in the sky that we don’t know exactly what they are," he added. "We can't explain how they moved, their trajectory. They did not have an easily explainable pattern." "I think people still take seriously [the task of] trying to investigate and figure out what that is," he said. "But I have nothing to report to you today." While it's probably vanishingly unlikely that the sightings have anything to do with extraterrestrials, several military officials weren't willing to rule out that the country's adversaries, including China and Russia, may be behind them. In a CBS News interview on Sunday, former Navy lieutenant Ryan Graves said that the sightings may most likely be a "threat observation program." "I am worried, frankly," he said. "You know, if these were tactical jets from another country that were hanging out up there, it would be a massive issue." The Department of Defense's Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force is set to release a detailed report on the events in August. "There are instances where we don't have good explanations for some of the things that we've seen," former intelligence director John Ratcliffe told Fox Business in March. "And when that information becomes declassified, I'll be able to talk a little bit more about that." READ MORE: Barack Obama answers questions about aliens on James Corden’s show [Independent] More on UFOs: Former US Military Official: Unidentified Objects “a Hundred to a Thousand Years” Ahead of Our Tech Share This Article 
In July 1945, the US Army conducted the first ever nuclear bomb test in New Mexico, called "Trinity." The prototype weapon of mass destruction, known as "Gadget," exploded and released energy equivalent to about 21 kilotons of TNT. In the 1980s, scientists discovered that the nuclear explosion inadvertently created an entirely new material. Surrounding sand, a 90 foot tower, and copper transmission lines were fused together to form a glass-like material called trinitite. Inside this trinitite, scientists discovered a rare form of matter called a "quasicrystal." Rather than the atoms being arranged in a pattern that repeats itself in all three dimensions, as is the case in ordinary crystals found in nature, quasicrystals have atoms that aren't arranged in a periodic pattern. Some of the trinitite that was formed in the 1945 explosion has a 5-fold rotational symmetry, meaning that atoms are arranged to form the shape of a 20-sided solid called an icosahedron. This highly unusual symmetry, which is not possible in nature, was outlined in a new paper to be published in an upcoming issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Science. The research could shed light on what exactly unfurls during nuclear bomb detonations and how they affect the natural surroundings. "Here, we report the discovery, in a sample of red trinitite, of a hitherto unknown composition of icosahedral quasicrystal, Si61Cu30Ca7Fe2," the international team of researchers wrote in their paper. "It represents the oldest extant anthropogenic quasicrystal currently known, with the distinctive property that its precise time of creation is indelibly etched in history." "Quasicrystals are formed in extreme environments that rarely exist on Earth,” said Terry Wallace, director emeritus of Los Alamos National Laboratory and co-author of the paper, in a statement. "They require a traumatic event with extreme shock, temperature, and pressure," he added. "We don’t typically see that, except in something as dramatic as a nuclear explosion." The only comparable material found in nature, the researchers say, is a meteorite that dates back at least hundreds of millions of years. "This quasicrystal is magnificent in its complexity — but nobody can yet tell us why it was formed in this way," Wallace explained. "But someday, a scientist or engineer is going to figure that out and the scales will be lifted from our eyes and we will have a thermodynamic explanation for its creation," he added. "Then, I hope, we can use that knowledge to better understand nuclear explosions and ultimately lead to a more complete picture of what a nuclear test represents." READ MORE: Discovery of new material could someday aid in nuclear nonproliferation [Los Alamos National Laboratory] More on nuclear bombs: An Underground Tank Is Leaking Massive Amounts of Radioactive Waste Share This Article 
Update: The reaction in the scientific community has been overwhelmingly critical of this paper — here's our story on expert reactions to it. The hunt for life on Mars continues, with NASA's latest rover Perseverance using its scientific instrumentation to scan the Jezero Crater, an area believed to be a dried up ancient lake, for any signs of ancient microbial life. But according to an international team of researchers, the space agency's other rovers may have already found signs of relatively advanced life — in the form of "fungus-like Martian specimens," according to a new paper published in the journal Advances in Microbiology. The work has attracted widespread criticism, with critics pointing out that one of the co-authors, Rhawn Joseph, has a long history of promoting dubious theories about life on other planets. "All available evidence suggests the surface of Mars is not hospitable to life," University of New South Wales astrobiologist Brendan Burns told CNET of Joseph's work. Rhawn's team, which includes researchers from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and George Mason University, claims to have found photographic evidence of a variety of fungus-like organisms, some resembling the shape of puffballs, a round cloud-like fungus found in abundance back here on Earth, on the Red Planet. Their evidence: images taken by NASA's Opportunity and Curiosity rovers as well as the agency's HiRISE high-resolution camera attached to the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. "Fungi thrive in radiation intense environments," the team writes in its paper. "Sequential photos document that fungus-like Martian specimens emerge from the soil and increase in size, including those resembling puffballs." "After obliteration of spherical specimens by the rover wheels, new sphericals — some with stalks — appeared atop the crests of old tracks," the researchers write. The team went so far as to say that "black fungi-bacteria-like specimens also appeared atop the rovers." They didn't stop there: the team also examined photos taken by NASA's HiRISE, and found evidence for "amorphous specimens within a crevice" that "changed shape and location then disappeared." "It is well established that a variety of terrestrial organisms survive Mars-like conditions," the team concludes. "Given the likelihood Earth has been seeding Mars with life and life has been repeatedly transferred between worlds, it would be surprising if there was no life on Mars." The team argues that these Martian lifeforms "would have evolved on and already be adapted to the low temperatures, intermittent availability of water, low amounts of free oxygen, and high levels of radiation." The researchers did caveat their findings, pointing out that "similarities in morphology are not proof of life," and that "we cannot completely rule out minerals, weathering, and unknown geological forces that are unique to Mars and unknown and alien to Earth." But it's  a wild conclusion nonetheless. The researchers' peers will likely continue to go over the paper with a fine-toothed comb and shred the results — it's not every day that researchers claim to have found evidence of life on Mars. Update: We've added additional context to this story to better reflect the skepticism with which the paper was received in the scientific community. More on life on Mars: Evidence of Life on Mars Found by NASA Rover Share This Article 
The Pentagon is currently making a big show of taking "unidentified aerial phenomena" (UAPs) seriously after a string of first-hand accounts emerged from Navy pilots. The crux of the saga is that since at least as early as 2004, military personnel have made several sightings of unfamiliar objects that acted in seemingly inexplicable ways. It's hotly debated whether the encounters were with unknown foreign drones or aircraft, optical illusions, or something far stranger. Some officials, though, are convinced that the sightings have profound technological and security implications. In a recent televised interview with CNN, retired US Navy Chief Master-at-Arms Sean Cahill expanded on a strange sighting he made in 2004, when he and one other fellow pilot saw a mysterious "Tic Tac"-shaped object that seemed to defy the laws of physics. "In 2004, I was the chief master at arms on board the USS Prince," Cahill told CNN's Chris Cuomo. "The technology we witnessed with the Tic Tac was something that we would not have been able to defend our forces against at the time." The bizarre unidentified object seemed out of this world. "It's a technology that outstrips our arsenal by at least 100 to 1,000 years at the moment," Cahill said. It was like nothing the pilots had ever seen before. "First of all, the aircraft had zero control surfaces," Cahill explained. "It had no means of propulsion we could detect. It moved at hypersonic velocities and it preceded the pilots to their CAP [combat air patrol rendezvous] point. It seemed to have some knowledge of where the pilots were headed ahead of time. We don't possess those abilities, to do that in our arsenal at the moment." The news comes after former Navy lieutenant Ryan Graves told CBS on Friday that he encountered unusual objects flying above restricted airspace over Virginia Beach every day for almost two years. Christopher Mellon, former deputy assistant secretary of defense for intelligence, who served under both Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, told Cuomo in the CNN interview that the US should be concerned about the sightings. "Because we have recurring violations of US airspace by unidentified vehicles," he told Cuomo. "They are very capable and in some cases more capable than anything in our own inventory." It's a larger trend that will culminate in a report later this year by the Pentagon's Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force, a program set up to "standardize collection and reporting" on the strange sightings. "This has been going on for years," Mellon told CNN. "The truth is just emerging. We had a massive intelligence failure, and we have an unknown threat that we need to figure out." READ MORE: Retired US Navy Chief explains tech witnessed in UFO aircraft sighting [CNN] More on UFOs: Former Navy Pilot Says Team Saw Unidentified Objects “Every Day” For Years Share This Article 
Until recently, blockchains were seen as an "unhackable" technology powering and securing cryptocurrencies — but that's no longer the case. Hackers have gotten away with nearly $2 billion worth of cryptocurrency since 2017 by attacking the unique vulnerabilities of blockchains, MIT Technology Review reports. In other words, forget what you heard from Bitcoin boosters — just because information or currency is on a blockchain doesn't necessarily mean that it's more secure than any other form of storage. In one recent attack, a hacker was able to gain control over Ethereum Classic's network and rewrite transaction history. As a result, the attacker was able to "double spend" cryptocurrencies, getting away with some $1.1 million. In fact, the same qualities that make blockchain technology so secure may also be the source of several unique vulnerabilities — a stark reminder that despite the hype, cryptocurrencies can't entirely sidestep the vulnerabilities of any other banking systems. Until the Ethereum Classic incident, hackers were generally aiming their sights at exchanges, the places where people trade and hold cryptocurrencies. By gaining the majority over the digital currency's computing power, the hacker was able to defraud other users by sending them payments and then rewriting the existing blockchain ledger to cover their tracks, as MIT Tech explains. This new ledger then exists as the authoritative one, a scheme known as a "51 percent attack." While it's an exceedingly expensive stunt to pull off when it comes to popular cryptocurrencies, smaller currencies are cheaper to take over. And we should expect far more 51 percent attacks in the near future. Most cryptocurrency hacks are still phishing and malware attacks, which take advantage of gullible targets by tricking them into handing over their credentials. Hackers have also been known to steal the keys to cryptocurrency wallets, the place where somebody's balance is stored in the blockchain. Phishing, malware, and key theft target the exchanges and not the blockchain itself, as is the case in 51 percent attacks. In response to this nefarious activity, more and more startups are popping up to claim they can make blockchains more secure and hack-proof. For instance, AnChain.ai is using artificial intelligence to keep track of any suspicious transactions on a given ledger to detect malicious bot activity. But as blockchain technologies become more complex, hackers are also growing increasingly wise to their unique vulnerabilities, getting away with billions. READ MORE: Once hailed as unhackable, blockchains are now getting hacked [MIT Technology Review] More on blockchain: New Cryptocurrency Kills Your Hard Drive to Mine New Coins Share This Article 
As we age, our metabolism tends to slow down, which often leads to weight gain. But what if we could fine tune our metabolism to keep it working at an optimal level? Dr. Chih-Hao Lee, professor of genetics and complex diseases at Harvard's T.H. Chan School of Public Health, thinks it's possible. He believes that the greatest factors of a slowing metabolism is a combination of poor diet and inactivity. So in order to speed up your metabolism and lose weight, Lee recommends a mix of eating protein, weight training, and high-intensity interval training. However, without the help of a doctor, personal trainer and nutritionist, this is an extremely difficult task. But luckily, there’s the Lumen metabolism tracker, the first device designed to help hack your metabolism and make getting in shape easy. Lumen is the world’s first hand-held, portable device designed to accurately measure metabolism, and it does so by measuring the CO2 concentration in a single breath. This level of technology, once available only to top athletes, allows anyone to know exactly what and when to eat in order to fuel your workout, improve your metabolic flexibility, and burn fat. Lumen tracks your metabolism, sleep, nutrition, and fitness data through its corresponding app to provide you with a Lumen Flex Score. This score reflects your success and helps sustain results. The best thing about it is that it adjusts your nutrition plan based on the needs of your body. In doing this, Lumen not only helps you understand precisely how your metabolism is affected by these variables, but also how to tweak them to get maximum results. It's also designed to customize your meal plan like a nutritionist. Plus, it optimizes your workout by letting you know exactly what and when to eat to properly fuel up before you start to burn calories. With the Lumen metabolism tracker, you'll finally unlock the mystery of your metabolism. As mentioned above, the technology behind the Lumen measures your CO2 concentration via a unique breath maneuver which is performed by inhaling a fixed volume of air through the Lumen device, holding it for 10 seconds, and exhaling fully. Lumen uses RER as the core data point to bring the same measurement to a home environment by measuring the CO2 in your breath through the sensor and flow meter, based on the RER metric. Prior to Lumen being on the market, the only way to get such an accurate measure of your metabolism was in a hospital or clinic with a costly and time-consuming test known as RER (through the breath). A standard metabolic assessment at a reputable lab can cost up to $250. And that’s just for one test. If you end up needing multiple tests, it can add up fast. But with Lumen, you get unlimited measurements and ongoing expert guidance from the comfort of your own home, with no need to drive to a lab. And all you pay is a one-time fee of $299. Any way you slice it, that’s an incredible value. So if you’re interested in optimizing your metabolism and getting into the best shape of your life, click here to learn more about the Lumen metabolism tracker. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When mega-billionaire software guy Bill Gates stepped down from the boards of Microsoft and Berkshire Hathaway last year, he said that his intention was to spend more time on his charity efforts. But a blockbuster Wall Street Journal investigation — coming out in the context of Gates' high-profile divorce — has now found that his resignation from Microsoft came as the board was investigating him for an "inappropriate" relationship with a female Microsoft employee. Earlier in his career, Gates was known as a cutthroat businessman. In recent decades, that narrative has shifted immensely as he became known for philanthropic, environmental, and public health initiatives. But as the billionaire's marriage unspools, and new revelations keep dropping, his public image may be due for yet another reevaluation. Microsoft confirmed to the WSJ that its board had indeed been investigating Gates at the time of his resignation. "Microsoft received a concern in the latter half of 2019 that Bill Gates sought to initiate an intimate relationship with a company employee in the year 2000," a Microsoft spokesman told the newspaper. "A committee of the Board reviewed the concern, aided by an outside law firm to conduct a thorough investigation. Throughout the investigation, Microsoft provided extensive support to the employee who raised the concern." A spokesperson for Gates portrayed the incident differently. "There was an affair almost 20 years ago which ended amicably," she told the WSJ, adding that Gates' "decision to transition off the board was in no way related to this matter. In fact, he had expressed an interest in spending more time on his philanthropy starting several years earlier." The news of the investigation follows the revelation that Melinda French Gates, Bill Gates' longtime wife, started speaking with divorce lawyers around the time that Gates' relationship with disgraced financier and sex criminal Jeffrey Epstein became public in 2019. The incident also comes in the context of Microsoft's own reckoning about gender, power, and sexual harassment at the company after numerous women there shared their experiences in an email chain obtained by Quartz in 2019. In any case, it wouldn't be unprecedented for Gates to pursue a relationship with a Microsoft employee. As the WSJ also pointed out, Melinda French Gates was also a Microsoft employee at the start of their relationship in the early 1990s. READ MORE: Bill Gates Left Microsoft Board Amid Probe Into Prior Relationship With Staffer [The Wall Street Journal] More on Bill Gates: Before Divorce, Melinda Gates Was Furious at Bill Gates for Epstein Relationship Share This Article 
No one has time to price-check items on their shopping list between various stores—it takes trial and error to realize that one supermarket may sell cheaper ice cream, while another sells cheaper tomatoes.  While the Internet seems more conducive to research and price-checking, it can actually have the opposite effect: access to too much information and too many options can be overwhelming, creating anxiety over finding the absolute best price available.  But, what if you didn't have to expose yourself to human error? What if there was an effortless way to compare prices when shopping online, and even receive notifications when a better price becomes available? Now, there is, and it's called Capital One Shopping.  Don't let the name fool you—Capital One Shopping is a browser extension that is free and available to non-Capital One customers. The easy-install browser extension instantly finds and automatically applies coupons and discounts to your cart at checkout, meaning you won’t miss a great deal or applicable coupon code again. And if the site you're on doesn't have the best available price, Capital One Shopping will guide you to the sites with the best pricing available. But it gets better: Capital One Shopping truly goes the extra mile when it comes to maximizing your savings online, notifying you if a different site has better shipping prices available. Unlike competitor extensions, which only show the lowest-priced items on Amazon, Capital One Shopping notifies you if an item you're browsing is available cheaper elsewhere before you checkout at popular stores like Amazon, Target, or Best Buy.  Indeed, this too-good-to-be-true deal gets even better: you actually get rewarded just for utilizing this free, easy-to-use web extension. With every purchase, users can earn Capital One Shopping Rewards, which are a percentage of the cart total that can be redeemed for online gift cards. Yes, that's right: not only does Capital One Shopping save you money through coupons and discounts, but it actually gives you even more money to spend when you shop online.  If you're not ready to buy just yet, Capital One Shopping is happy to watch that item for you by placing it on a Watchlist, where you'll get a notification if the item drops in price. This also offers a timeline of prices over the course of a year, allowing you to track and monitor the prices of your favorite items, or notice a time of year when certain things go on sale.  Capital One Shopping not only saves you money, but it saves you time. There's less time needed to work towards that perfect vacation when you can save on your essentials, and there are no weekends spent hunting for the best-priced outfit for summer garden parties. So stop overpaying online already—all it takes is one click to potentially save big with Capital One Shopping. Download Capital One Shopping on your computer browser today and snag exclusive, effortless savings from your favorite brands.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Startups have been changing the world for decades. These small, nimble businesses can grow quickly and turn into established pillars of industry, yet in their early years, finding funding and support can be a struggle if they're not properly organized and presented. The Complete CEO Startups Venture Capital Bundle lays out how to launch a startup, keep it funded, and make it thrive. The bundle is taught by John Colley, who spent nearly thirty years working as a finance executive specializing in technology and a business strategy expert before pursuing his passion for teaching. Colley saw a need to raise the level of business intelligence in the startup sector, and has been educating founders and investors on how investing and business strategy function at that level since 2008 across a wide range of media. The bundle is designed for those new to business strategy to begin coming to grips with terminology, procedure, and execution. Across seven courses, Colley breaks down the jargon used among investors and financiers; the issues most essential for startups to address before they launch; what liquidation preferences are and why they're the most important part of any startup deal; and how to pitch a startup and raise capital regardless of your audience. Most importantly, Colley focuses on business strategy essentials, aimed at helping students launch their own business, and, once the business is up and running, raising capital to keep it going until it becomes a profitable business. As the financial world changes, new technologies and approaches will open doors that never seemed possible before. By studying this course bundle, you'll know how to take advantage of it, and how to measure businesses you're considering investing in. The Complete CEO Startups Venture Capital Bundle is currently on sale for $39.99, or about $6 per course. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The art world was shocked when a non-fungible token, or NFT, of a JPG by viral artist Beeple sold for $69 million. Yet perhaps they shouldn't have been. NFTs are changing how art is sold online, and even if you're planning to keep your art in the real world, you should understand how they work. This beginner's guide offers the perfect entry into NFTs and how they help artists manage digital rights. The hour-long course, broken up into eight lectures, is taught by Benjamin Wilson, an entrepreneur and social media marketing expert. At its most basic, "non-fungible" means that it's unique, and can't be replaced by another token. This is used to preserve ownership rights and keep track of who holds them to a particular work, which is increasingly important in an era where art can be endlessly copied, posted, reproduced, and misused without the artist's knowledge. Issuing an NFT for their work enables the token holder to keep track of who has the rights and when. Since NFTs are developed on the Ethereum blockchain, there's an open, public ledger that allows for easy tracking of the tokens as they're exchanged between buyers, limiting disputes and keeping art accessible. The "smart contracts" possible in Ethereum also allow for royalties after the first sale and more control for artists over how their work is managed and sold. For example, an NFT can stipulate that if the rights are resold, the artist receives a percentage of the sale. It's particularly ideal for digital art that's difficult to otherwise monetize, such as GIFs, that artists want to get paid for. Artists can more effectively monetize their work, and focus on creating, rather than selling, knowing that the rights are secure. Usually, this course would cost $199.99, yet currently, it's $19.99, 89% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Recreational use of cannabis has now been fully legalized in 17 states and decriminalized in 13 others. As a result, today there are more varieties of pure, legal, high quality weed than ever before. And on paper that sounds great. The only problem is that the majority of the strains out there have very high levels of THC, which most consumers neither need nor want. Meanwhile, most CBD forward products don’t contain any of the terpenes, flavonoids, and other cannabinoids that are essential if you want the full cannabis experience. If this state of affairs has you feeling a little frustrated, you need to check out Dad Grass CBD prerolls. At Dad Grass, they’re on a mission to revive the simple pleasure of an easygoing, casual smoke. Their name is a reference to the low-THC weed your dad smoked back in the day. You see, unlike most of the flowers at your local dispensary, which often have THC levels ranging from 15-to-30 percent, most weed 30 or 40 years ago was only 4-percent THC. That stuff would give you a nice buzz, but it wouldn’t leave you stoned out of your mind. Inspired by your dad’s old school cool, and in an effort to emulate the kind of chill buzz he used to enjoy, Dad Grass specializes in 100-percent organic hemp flowers and preroll joints with no THC. Their stuff won’t get you high. It will help you feel relaxed and mellow without the paranoia or anxiety. In short, Dad Grass is for people who want to alter their mood, not their mind. If all that sounds like it’s right up your alley, take a look at some of the cool products Dad Grass offers below. Rolling your own joints is a timeless tradition. But it’s also nice to have some ready to go for those times when you don’t have the time or energy to do it old school. Enter the Dad Grass Hemp CBD Preroll 5 Pack. As the name suggests, the Dad Grass CBD Preroll 5 Pack comes with five expertly rolled joints. Each one is handcrafted and contains .7g of organic hemp flower responsibly grown right here in the USA. They come protected in a stylish retro box with an “E-Z Slide” insert that keeps each individual joint lined up and in perfect condition until you are ready to enjoy it. Click here to buy. Obviously, Dad Grass Hemp CBD Prerolls aren’t just for dads. Similarly, Mom Grass CBG Prerolls aren’t just for moms. They call it Mom Grass because the key ingredient in this strain of hemp is CBG, or cannabigerol, which is considered the “mother of all cannabinoids” because it is used by cannabis plants to produce both THC and CBD. The Mom Grass CBG Preroll 5 Pack comes with five perfectly rolled joints. Each one is handcrafted and contains .7g of organic CBG hemp flower. And just like the Dad Grass Prerolls, these come protected in a stylish retro box with the “E-Z Slide” insert. Click here to buy. Need a fun but inconspicuous place to stash your grass? Dad Grass has got you covered with their decoy stash boxes and tins. The decoy boxes are basically sleeves into which you slide your box of Dad Grass Prerolls and disguise them as common household items like butter, sardines, screws, and cassette tapes. The decoy tins, meanwhile, feature magnetic labels that can be swapped out as needed. They disguise the tins as things like motor oil, tea, dog biscuits, and bandaids. Obviously these decoy boxes and tins are not kid proof, so if you have little (or not so little) ones you don’t want to find your stash, the safest bet is still lock and key. However, if you’re just trying to be discreet, these are an excellent option. And they make a great gift. Click here to buy. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Being a sneakerhead isn't cheap and it's not good for the environment, either. In fact, trainers account for 1.4-percent of the global greenhouse gas emissions, which is a pretty intense considering that air travel is responsible for 2.5 percent. So if owning sustainable shoes is as important to you as owning a stylish, comfortable sneaker, you need to hear about Lane Eight's Trainer AD 1 for Men and Women. Meet your new favorite workout shoe: the Trainer AD 1 for Men and Women. It's designed to be versatile, comfortable, and stable, so it's ready to keep up with all the ways you move. Most importantly, it's completely free of animal products and manufactured sustainably. With Lane Eight, you're getting better shoes with a smaller footprint. That's because Lane Eight's Trainer AD 1 for Men and Women is made from recycled plastic; an Algae-based foam midsole, a recycled knit upper, and a vegan suede microfiber overlay. So whether you're looking to crush HIIT classes, dominate in the gym, slay your run, or simply look fashionable, Lane Eight's got you covered. The Trainer AD 1 for Men and Women is the sustainably produced shoe for everything you do. Lane Eight's on a mission to build the world’s best workout shoes. But they're not just talking performance in the gym or on the road. They're talking about designing and developing shoes that Planet Earth can feel good about. With their Trainer AD 1 for Men and Women, they incorporated recycled and sustainable materials like plastic and algae that reduce our impact, making their shoes better than ever. Part of what sets the Trainer AD 1 for Men and Women apart from other shoes is its BLOOM™ Algae Foam Midsole. BLOOM harvests toxic algae blooms from lakes around the world. Then the algae is dried and processed, and eventually becomes part of their ultra cushy midsoles. All told, each pair of BLOOM midsoles returns 31.5 liters of freshwater back to the environment and removes 64-cubic meters of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. In addition to its Algae Foam Midsole, Lane Eight's stretchy, supportive knit uppers are made with 11 bottles worth of recycled single-use plastic yarn. Plus, its vegan microfiber overlay is lighter than suede, and just as durable too, resulting in a sustainable shoe that fits and feels as good as it looks. Best of all, the Trainer AD 1 for Men and Women come with a 30-day free return. So if you’re not totally in love, Lane Eight will take your trainers back, no questions asked. Most importantly, your returns will not go to waste. As long as they're in good condition, they'll get cleaned up and donated to one of Lane Eight's charity partners. By choosing Lane Eight, you’re investing in better shoes for yourself, and better shoes for the planet. So what are you waiting for? Purchase a pair of Lane Eight's Trainer AD 1 for Men and Women and step into the next generation of sustainability. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
After China landed its Zhurong Mars rover on the Red Planet yesterday, there was just one important question on everyone’s minds: When are we going to see a robot battle between NASA’s rover and China’s? Okay, maybe that wasn’t immediately the first thing on your mind — but a surprising amount of people are clamoring for an epic fight between the Zhurong lander and Perseverance. Many of them took to social media to voice their support for the battle. From Twitter: Would definitely watch a duel to the death between U.S. and Chinese Mars rovers. Battlebots in Space! https://t.co/mcpkSieIJb — james gibney (@jamesgibney) February 24, 2021  It's time for.... pic.twitter.com/0Ko6y9BJIX — superlorna69 (@superlorna69) May 15, 2021    To Reddit: To Facebook: And who can blame them? An interplanetary robot fight would be awesome. But let’s get one thing out of the way: This is not going to happen.  Both countries spent billions upon billions of dollars and yuan — not to mention the untold hours of human labor — to get their craft to the Red Planet. They’re not going to throw it away in a single (but admittedly epic) fight. Not only that, but Perseverance and Zhurong are hundreds of miles away from each other, according to Nature.  BUT… what if they did though? Who would win in a martian robot battle between NASA’s Perseverance and China’s Zhurong? Which rover is the pound-for-pound robot fighting champion of the galaxy? To answer that question, we’re going to analyze each rover and score them against one another using four criteria: Weight, reach, speed, and heart.  We’ll be drawing on publicly available information about each rover — though we should note that China is tight-lipped about its rover (as with most of its space operations). But we can make a few educated guesses to fill in the gaps.   Size is incredibly important when it comes to combat. Even the slightest difference in weight can make all the difference when it comes to human boxing — and robot boxing is no different.  Zhurong weighs in at a respectable 530 pounds. That's the same weight as a grizzly bear and is heavier than both the Spirit and Opportunity rovers that landed on Mars in 2004.   But Percy has Zhurong beat… by a whole lot.  NASA’s Perseverance rover clocks in at a staggering 2,260 pounds, according to NASA. It’s roughly the size of an SUV and more than four times the size of Zhurong.  This would be like if a fully grown man fought a Galapagos penguin. The winner here is clear.  Edge: Perseverance. A fighter with long arms can keep their opponents at bay while punching them from afar. Rovers can do the same with their onboard instruments.  Zhurong is fairly limited in the instruments department. It has retractable solar panels that help power it and shake off martian dust, according to The New York Times. They can also be used to smack its opponents to death.  The rover also has a multi-spectral and terrain camera, ground-penetrating radar, magnetic field detector, and weather sensors. All great for being able to see your opponent.  But alas, Perseverance has the Chinese rover beat by a mile — and I mean that literally. With assistance from the Ingenuity helicopter, it can fight Zhurong from a mile away.  Even without Ingenuity, Perseverance still has a seven-foot arm with a drill at the end of it, along with an actual freakin’ laser beam powered by plutonium used to find and analyze samples. Again, this one is barely a contest. Edge: Perseverance. To quote one of the greatest fighting movies of all time, "In the world of kung fu, speed determines the winner." Unfortunately, both rovers are so slow they can make a sloth look like Usain Bolt — but one is indeed faster than the other. Perseverance drives with a top speed of .01 miles per hour, according to Space.com. That’s obviously not very fast, especially when you consider that Ingenuity can move at 20+ miles per hour.  On the other hand, Zhurong clocks in at a breakneck .12 miles per hour. That’s lightning fast compared to Perseverance. If we rule Ingenuity out of the equation, the winner here is clear. Edge: Zhurong.  If you have two completely equal fighters in weight, speed, and fighting technique, what will separate the winner from the loser is their heart. We’re talking about the intangibles. The grit that gives fighters that killer instinct. So which rover has more heart?  Perseverance won the love of a lot of space enthusiasts when it landed on Mars in February. It also has a very well-maintained social media presence that frequently updates us on its explorations of the Red Planet.  Testing out my tools as I move into more science. Used my robotic arm to get right up close to this rock after zapping it with my laser. Can you tell I’m really into rocks?https://t.co/7w3rbvbyoL pic.twitter.com/Yl0gzduCWi — NASA's Perseverance Mars Rover (@NASAPersevere) May 13, 2021  Percy has personality, but does it have that killer instinct? Zhurong is named after the god of fire in Chinese folk mythology. That’s pretty badass. It evokes destruction and domination.  It’s the name of a rover that’s too busy building a mountain made out of the skulls of its enemies to do things like drafting a tweet. This one’s close but I think we know who ends up on top. Edge: Zhurong. Based on our highly rigorous criteria, the answer is clear: It’d be a draw.  Where Perseverance wins the day with weight and reach, Zhurong edges it out with speed and a killer instinct.  And, as cheesy as it is, the real winner would be the fans of science and space exploration everywhere. The more we learn about our galaxy and distant planets, the better prepared we’ll all be when it finally comes time to colonize space — and that’s something we can agree on no matter what country you’re from.  More on fighting Mars rovers: Could I Defeat NASA’s New Mars Rover in Hand-to-Hand Combat? Share This Article 
The Chinese space program's hotly anticipated Zhurong Mars lander landed successfully on the Red Planet's Utopia Planitia region on Friday evening, according to state-owned media group CGTN and SpaceNews. The mission, which is the first that China has ever attempted to land on the Red Planet, launched back in July 2020 and arrived in Martian orbit earlier this year along with the Tianwen-1 orbiter, which is still circling high above the planet. The landing represents a major accomplishment for China's space program, which has significantly ramped up its ambitions in recent years. Those efforts have seen several successful Moon rovers and a Moon sample return mission, and the country also just launched the first segment of an upcoming space station — though that success was clouded by debris from the mission falling back to Earth in an uncontrolled descent. The logistics of a Mars landing mission, though, are substantially more complex compared to those missions, due to the planet's great distance from Earth and thin atmosphere, which lead to a notorious "seven minutes of terror" during which any attempt at landing loses contact with Earth (though the New York Times reports that because of the specific orbital mechanics of the mission, China's period without communications were likely to be several minutes longer). Case in point, over the years numerous robotic landers that were supposed to touch down softly on Mars have instead been destroyed on impact. In fact, China is now only the third country in history to land softly on the Martian surface. During its approach to the Martian surface, the lander carrying Zhurong used a heat shield, parachutes and thrusters to slow its descent, according to New Scientist. Compared to NASA, China's space program has been comparatively tightlipped about the the mission, to the chagrin of some observers. Like NASA's Perseverance rover, which touched down on Mars in February, a key goal of the Zhurong rover is to search the Red Planet for signs of ancient life. The rover is solar powered, according to New Scientist's reporting, and is expected to survive for about 90 days after touching down. It carries equipment including cameras, radar, a magnetic field detector, weather instrumentation and tools to investigate the chemical composition of the natural environment. At about 530 pounds, the rover is chunkier than NASA's Spirit and Opportunity rovers, but dwarfed by NASA's Curiosity and Perseverance rovers, which are about the size of small automobiles. More on China: China Will Attempt to Land on Mars Tomorrow Share This Article 
Nobody can predict exactly what the future holds for cryptocurrencies. Will we one day use bitcoin or ethereum to buy everything from cars and houses to coffee and bubble gum? Or will cryptocurrencies remain investment vehicles primarily used to grow wealth, like stocks and bonds? The answers to these questions are unclear. The only thing we know for sure is that cryptocurrencies are not going away. So if you don’t want to miss out, the time to get in the game is now. And the best way to do that is with a reputable crypto trading platform like eToro that can provide you with all the innovative tools you need to build a diversified crypto portfolio. Ten years ago, most financial experts thought cryptocurrencies were just a fad. They certainly wouldn’t have advised their clients to invest in them. But a lot has changed since then. In fact, a lot has changed in just the last few months. After selling almost $1 billion in Bitcoin futures in November 2020, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange started trading Ethereum futures in February, which has dramatically increased trade volume for the world’s second-most popular cryptocurrency. Venmo now allows its 70-million users to buy cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin for as little as $1. Companies like Tesla, Mastercard, and Visa have announced they will soon accept payments in crypto. And investment giants like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanely now allow their wealthiest clients to invest in digital assets. Of course, the biggest crypto news in the last few months—or maybe ever—is the Coinbase IPO. Shares of the popular crypto marketplace became available on the Nasdaq last month at an initial price of $381, driving the company’s valuation to almost $100 billion. For comparison, that’s roughly what Facebook was worth when it did its IPO back in 2012. Given these developments, it’s no wonder a lot of experts are now pretty bullish on the future of cryptocurrencies. Legendary investor Mark Mobius, the cofounder of Mobius Capital Partners who once proclaimed bitcoin a “fraud," now believes crypto will be "alive and well" in the future. Meanwhile, billionaire investor and entrepreneur Mark Cuban recently proclaimed cryptocurrencies “the future,” and his Dallas Mavericks have started accepting them as payment for tickets and merchandise. If you’ve been thinking about investing in crypto for a while, now is definitely the time to take the leap. However, investing in crypto can be pretty complicated and intimidating, and a lot of trading platforms only cater to experts who already know what they’re doing. Luckily, eToro is not like other crypto trading platforms. When you sign up with eToro, you will be able to buy and sell 17 of the most popular coins, including bitcoin, ethereum, XRP, and litecoin. The fees are some of the most competitive in the industry, and they are all listed right up front, so there are never any surprises. However, what really makes eToro unique is the set of tools they provide to help you create your portfolio. You see, eToro is what you might call a social trading platform. They allow their investors to connect and interact like they would on social media, pooling knowledge and sharing investing tips and strategies. The intuitive eToro app features a newsfeed that lets you follow market trends in real time, as well as customizable notifications that alert you to new developments about coins on your “watch list.” It also allows you to view millions of other traders’ portfolios, stats, and risk scores, and to chat with them and benefit from their knowledge and experience. When it comes to making trades, eToro gives you a variety of options. Those who like to do things themselves can make manual trades using the apps clean and intuitive interface. EToro even has a “virtual portfolio” feature to help you practice and hone your strategies before you invest actual money. However, for those who want to leverage the full power of eToro’s social trading platform, there’s the revolutionary CopyTrader feature. CopyTrader lets you browse eToro’s top-performing traders, figure out which strategies appeal to you, and automatically copy all of their trades with a single click. Choose one trader to copy, or 100 traders to copy. This amazing feature comes at no extra charge. All you have to do is choose the amount of money you want to dedicate to automatically copying other traders. And you can stop, pause, add, or remove funds at any time. When you trade with eToro, you trade with total confidence. Not only does eToro use industry-leading security protocols, but all funds held at eToro USA are FDIC insured. That means no hacker is going to steal your money. If you think it might be time to add cryptocurrencies to your portfolio, there’s no better place to start than eToro. Click here to sign up, today. Note From eToro: eToro USA LLC does not offer CFDs and makes no representation and assumes no liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the content of this publication, which has been prepared by our partner utilising publicly available non-entity specific information about eToro. Your capital is at risk. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A Pentagon task force is about to release a long-awaited report about "unidentified aerial phenomena," unusual sightings of strange flying objects that appeared to be defying the laws of physics, mystifying military personnel over the last 15 or so years. It's anybody's guess what the report will or won't reveal, more and more pilots are coming out to publicly talk about what they saw during the years leading up to the report. In the latest instance, former Navy lieutenant Ryan Graves spoke to CBS News in an interview about his own experiences. Over two years starting in 2015, Graves says he saw strange maneuverable objects flying in a restricted airspace over Virginia Beach. These weren't just one-off sightings — the retired lieutenant says he encountered the objects every day for almost two years. Graves isn't the only pilot to have come forward. Ever since The New York Times came out with a bombshell report about a series of unclassified videos of UAPs, members of the Air Force and Navy have spoken publicly about strange sightings of objects that appeared to have defied the laws of physics. To Graves, the objects could pose an actual threat. "I am worried, frankly," he told CBS. "You know, if these were tactical jets from another country that were hanging out up there, it would be a massive issue." He, along with many other pilots who have made similar sightings, face an uphill battle to be taken seriously. "But because it looks slightly different, we're not willing to actually look at the problem in the face," he said. "We're happy to just ignore the fact that these are out there, watching us every day." Graves also suggested that it is most likely the sightings are a "threat observation program," and that it's not impossible that Russia or China could be behind it. One thing is clear: the objects pilots have encountered must be incredibly advanced technology. "Imagine a technology that can do 600 to 700 G-forces, that can fly 13,000 miles an hour, that, that can evade radar and can fly through air and water and possibly space, and oh, by the way, has no obvious signs of propulsion, no wings, no control surfaces and yet still can defy the natural effects of Earth's gravity," former Department of Defense official Luis Elizondo told CBS. "That's precisely what we're seeing." READ MORE: Former Navy pilot says flight crews observed UFOs off Atlantic Coast "every day for at least a couple years" [CBS News] More on UFOs: Economics Professor: UFOs Could Be a Big Deal For the Economy Share This Article 
The race is on to become the next mainstream cryptocurrency that doesn't contribute millions of tons of carbon dioxide emissions due to unsustainable mining practices. Now, a new cryptocurrency called Chia, founded by BitTorrent creator Bram Cohen, is promising to make mining cryptocurrencies at home a whole lot easier and sustainable. But it may have an Achilles heel that could make it a lot less useful to the average person than the company likes to think, as Tom's Guide reports. Chia's secret sauce is an entirely new way to mine, a process the company is calling "farming." Rather than completing complex and taxing calculations on beefy computational hardware — such is the case for any "proof of work"-based cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Dogecoin — Chia can be "farmed" by using unused storage on practically any device. Chia's farming concept relies on a consensus model called Proof of Space and Time (PoST). "Unlike most projects, coin ownership has nothing to do with the protocol — this is not Proof of Stake," Chia COO Gene Hoffman told CoinDesk in February. PoST works by "provers" showing that they can "allocate unused hard drive space for storage space," according to the company's FAQ. In other words, it's "a way to prove that you are keeping some storage unused on your hard-disk drive." Other users will "seed" unused space through a special software to build "plots." New blockchain challenges then reveal which farmer's seed comes closest, kind of like a massive game of Bingo. The process also happens to be way more energy efficient according to the company, minimizing electricity waste. While that may sound like a wholesome way of mining cryptocurrencies, the approach comes with a major downside. According to Tom's Guide, this back and forth of allocating and then freeing up space on storage devices could age solid state drives (SSD) incredibly fast. In fact, a consumer grade 512GB SSD  could be killed in just 40 days while farming Chia, according to Tom's Guide's reporting. Luckily, specialized storage devices are already hitting the market, with some of them designed specifically for Chia farming. Such drives will likely cost you a pretty penny, however. Chia has gained significant momentum over the last week, jumping by more than 50 percent. It's still far too early to tell if Chia has what it takes to join the big leagues — but any cryptocurrency that sidesteps using vast amounts of electricity generated using coal and fossil fuels could have a pretty decent shot right now. READ MORE: Chia crypto mining could kill your SSD in 40 days — here’s why [Tom's Guide] More on crypto: It Would Be Incredibly Hard to Make Bitcoin Sustainable, Experts Say Share This Article 
Tesla CEO Elon Musk recently announced that the car company will no longer accept Bitcoin as a form of payment, citing the cryptocurrency's immense power requirements and environmental toll — but hedged his bet, saying that if the currency becomes greener, Tesla will embrace it again. "Tesla will not be selling any Bitcoin and we intend to use it for transactions as soon as mining transitions to more sustainable energy," he said. But Bitcoin won't magically become environmentally friendly over night. In fact, making Bitcoin sustainable would be incredibly difficult, as Reuters reports. The reality is that mining Bitcoin requires massive amounts of electricity, much of which is being generated using fossil fuels and coal, particularly in China. Tesla's flip-flopping on Bitcoin is symbolic of much greater problems. Switching to alternative cryptocurrencies like Dogecoin, heavily endorsed by Musk himself, probably wouldn't work since most rely on the same basic mining principle — "proof of work" calculations — as Bitcoin. Building out renewable energy systems to take care of Bitcoin's gargantuan energy requirements would take years to get off the ground, according to Reuters. There may be other ways to make cryptocurrencies sustainable in the long run. One promising option is switching to a "proof of stake" system, a different underlying mining methodology that requires only a fraction of the energy to complete. Ether, currently the second biggest cryptocurrency, is planning to eventually move to this new system — but we still don't know exactly when. "The only real answer is 1. actively investing in renewable mining farms and making mining 'greener' or 2. switching to a protocol that is based on proof of stake," director of research at crypto site The Block Larry Cermak told Reuters. Bitcoin miners have already invested billions of dollars in computer hardware to complete increasingly complex calculations. Convincing them to switch to a new protocol would be near impossible, as  CEO of Chinese mining firm LightningAsic Jack Liao told the outlet. "How can they change the protocol?" he said. "Change means a loss of billions." Tesla's reversal on Bitcoin has reignited the debate over cryptocurrency's harmful impact on the environment. The crypto market has become deeply entrenched in these practices, making any larger switch to "greener" digital tokens immensely difficult. We have yet to see a one-size-fits-all solution that would appease everybody involved, despite a host of new sustainable crypto startups claiming otherwise. Musk has repeatedly demonstrated his substantial influence over both Bitcoin and Dogecoin — and his recent decision to work with the developers of the latter "to improve system transaction efficiency" is certainly intriguing. But whether he can take the reigns and shift the entire cryptocurrency market towards a greener future is still very much uncertain. READ MORE: Analysis: Elon Musk wants a greener bitcoin. Has he got a plan or a pipedream? More on crypto: Dogecoin Spikes After Elon Tweets About Helping Its Developers Share This Article 
A day after publicly announcing that Tesla is no longer accepting Bitcoin as a form of payment, citing the currency's negative impacts on the environment, CEO Elon Musk suggested that he was working with the developers of Dogecoin to make it more environmentally friendly. "Working with Doge devs to improve system transaction efficiency," Musk tweeted. "Potentially promising." Surprising nobody, the endorsement from the richest man in the world sent the value of Dogecoin soaring. According to Coindesk, its value is up more than 43 percent up since Musk's tweet, recovering from a low of $0.39 before it to a high of $0.56 on Friday morning. Musk's tweets have repeatedly sent the value of Dogecoin on a rollercoaster. Most recently, the runup to his appearance on "Saturday Night Live" first sent the token soaring to an all time high of $0.74 — and then caused it to come crashing back down as soon as he appeared on screen. Most recently, Musk reversed course on Bitcoin, which Tesla had recently started taking as payment for electric vehicles. "Tesla has suspended vehicle purchases using Bitcoin," Musk wrote in a Wednesday statement on Twitter. "We are concerned abut rapidly increasing use of fossil fuels for Bitcoin mining and transactions, especially coal, which has the worst emissions of any fuel." China has increasingly made use of coal to power massive Bitcoin mining stations, heightening the cryptocurrency's already sky-high environmental toll. It's still unclear what exactly drove Tesla and Musk to ditch the token at this exact point in time, since Bitcoin mining practices have long been immensely environmentally harmful thanks to the immense amount of computing power required to produce more of the digital currency. Whether Dogecoin will ever become the shiba inu-themed savior that will turn cryptocurrencies green is anybody's guess. But experts aren't exactly optimistic, since both Dogecoin and Bitcoin mining require the completion of proof of work, a process that's taxing on computer hardware. "The thing is, if something runs on proof of work, which is the case in Dogecoin, then it’s just as bad as bitcoin," cryptocurrency economist Alex de Vries told The Verge in an interview published on Thursday. As of right now, Bitcoin accounts for some 55 million metric tons of CO2 annually, according to de Vries, which is about the same as the nation of Singapore. Dogecoin may have less of an impact — but there's a simple reason for that. "The impact that Dogecoin has currently is a lot smaller than bitcoin, but that’s because the value of Dogecoin is a lot less and these things are directly related with each other," de Vries told The Verge.  "There is a direct relationship between the value of these assets, how much money is being earned by the miners, and how much they’re spending on electricity." In other words, Elon Musk hiking up the value of Dogecoin is directly impacting the amount of electricity needed to mine it. "Very simply said, the more valuable an asset, the more money will be made by miners, the more they will spend on resources like hardware and energy," de Vries added. Which explains why Musk is invested in working with the token's developers to improve efficiency. Whether improving transaction efficiency could be enough to offset the electricity needed to mine it in the first place is still to be seen, however. Efficiency or not, Musk's space venture SpaceX is already planning on sending a Doge-funded satellite to the Moon. Maybe then, we will start to see the limits of Dogecoin. READ MORE: Dogecoin Prices Spike Again Because This Man Just Will Not Stop Tweeting [Gizmodo] More on Dogecoin: Elon Musk Says He’s Helping Dogecoin Devs Make It More Efficient Share This Article 
All technology has benefits and drawbacks depending on how we decide to use it. And, while we'd never go back to a pre-smartphone, pre-digital world, modern technology is being used for petty annoyances like automating obnoxious behavior and scams. Fortunately, you don't have to put up with spam, as RoboKiller keeps the scammy calls and texts off your phone, and you can now save over 50% on a two-year subscription. RoboKiller solves the spam problem by fighting fire with fire, a solution so creative that it was awarded the top prize by the FTC in 2015 for its robocall prevention contest. It deploys its AnswerBots to accept calls before they ring you, and determine if they're legitimate or fake. If the latter, the AnswerBots are designed to keep spammers talking, both to keep them from bothering other people and to get enough audio to be analyzed for their unique audio "fingerprint." Every person has a unique sound to their voice that can be identified with enough data. Once RoboKiller finds that fingerprint, it goes into its database to be compared against others. When there's a match with a known spammer, RoboKiller's database blocks the numbers. It'll also send you alerts with the number that attempted to call you, what the caller was claiming to be, and a recording of the call if you want to listen to the spammer have the tables turned. In addition, RoboKiller has anti-spoofing tools to prevent the incorrect number being shown on your phone and trick you into answering, as well as SMS protection to block unwanted text messages. It even has a personal block/allow listing tools so you can "whitelist" friends and family and guarantee they always get through. Usually, two years of RoboKiller costs $79. Currently, though, you can get a 49% discount, plus $10 off, meaning peace of mind is just $39.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
This evening, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk tweeted that he's working with the developers of Dogecoin to make the cryptocurrency more efficient. "Working with Doge devs to improve system transaction efficiency," he said. "Potentially promising." Musk has made cryptocurrency a core part of his identity over the past year. On Twitter, and during an appearance on "Saturday Night Live" the past weekend, he's brought forth an onslaught of memes about Dogecoin, a tongue-in-cheek cryptocurrency that's spiked in value since becoming the subject of Musk's attention. He also embraced the seminal cryptocurrency Bitcoin at his electric carmaker Tesla, which bought $1.5 billion worth of the digital cash in February of this year and started accepting it for car purchases in March. Things got more complicated in April, though, when Tesla unloaded $100 million of that Bitcoin. Musk characterized the sale as a move to "prove liquidity" for the cryptocurrency. Then yesterday, in a surprise reversal, Musk said that Tesla would no longer be accepting Bitcoin as payment for its vehicles. Musk said that the flip flop was due to Bitcoin's considerable environmental toll, but the move prompted furious outrage from cryptocurrency enthusiasts, who argued that it's vanishingly unlikely that the mercurial billionaire didn't understand the carbon footprint of Bitcoin mining when he started to dabble in it at Tesla earlier this year. Before making the Dogecoin announcement today, Musk had already been musing about topics related to the environment and cryptocurrency. It's not clear how serious Musk was about helping the Dogecoin team, or what form that help might take. And to be fair, Musk could be joking about the collaboration. Dogecoin itself, the price of which has surged more than 10,000 percent this year largely because of Musk's boosterism, is in the middle of a controversy of its own. This week, an app developer and startup accelerator announced their intentions to assemble a team that would build apps that work "off the Doge blockchain." But a Twitter account associated with actual Dogecoin developers immediately distanced itself from the project. "We are aware a new company has started offering devops services on Dogecoin," the account tweeted. "Please note this does not involve any of the team maintaining Dogecoin Core." A current Dogecoin developer didn't answer questions about a potential collaboration with Musk by press time. But Doge creator Billy Markus, who is no longer involved in the project, did share his own thoughts in the form of a meme. pic.twitter.com/XsSuOEZyoG — Shibetoshi Nakamoto (@BillyM2k) May 13, 2021  More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk: Tesla Immediately Suspending All Bitcoin Car Purchases Share This Article 
Some people never learn their lesson. A 25-year-old named Param Sharma was locked up by the California Highway Police (CHP) this week for reckless driving and disobeying a peace officer, according to ABC News, in what appears to be the latest incident of a driver abusing Tesla's self-driving features. Multiple videos uploaded to Instagram show Sharma repeatedly riding Tesla vehicles from the back seat, while seemingly using his foot to fool the car into thinking there's someone at the wheel — a series of incredibly incriminating pieces of evidence, as Vice points out. And Sharma is still doubling down, bragging abut the stunt and taunting authorities. In one video posted on Wednesday, Sharma brags about how he "just got out of jail." "Bitch, tell the CHP I bought my license," reads the caption on one video. It's yet another instance of somebody easily abusing Tesla's self-driving tech for a reckless stunt that could have easily turned deadly. The reports couldn't have come at a worse time for Tesla, as federal investigators are looking into a deadly crash last month in which neither of the two passengers were found in the driver's seat — a claim that has been refuted by Tesla. Sharma has a long history of trying to be the "center of attention" and being a "constant thorn in the side of the school administration," according to former classmates who spoke with the San Francisco Chronicle. "That was my Tesla and I got it only to commute from the back seat," a person who claimed to be Sharma told the newspaper over the phone. The repeat offender is now being investigated by the CHP, according to Vice. "We’re conducting a thorough investigation that will consider the possibility of previous incidents and obviously his social media," a spokesperson told the outlet. "With the investigation we consider everything and this will be thorough." While blame should fall on Sharma and his dangerous actions, his stunts go to show just how easy it is to manipulate Tesla vehicles into "driving themselves." Tesla has long prided itself on its Autopilot and "Full Self-Driving" technologies, features that still fall short of actual autonomous driving. While Tesla will be the first to admit that no, Teslas won't completely drive themselves, Sharma's actions go to show how hazy that information remains in the eyes of the public. His stunts — as well as a recent investigation by Consumer Reports — illustrate just how easy it is to manipulate the company's self-driving features. Whether regulators are willing to step in remains to be seen. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) has opened some 28 investigations into crashes involving Tesla vehicles, with 24 active today, according to CNBC. In July 2020, the NHTSA was investigating 19 crashes involving "some form of advanced driver assistance system" that "was engaged at the time of the incident," according to a statement obtained by Reuters. If regulators aren't willing to step in, Tesla should probably clean up its act by condemning these reckless stunts, revamping its marketing and the names of its self-driving features to better reflect reality, and ensuring via software updates that a simple foot touching the steering wheel from the back seat won't fool its systems. That may be a tall order since Tesla has decided to fully dissolve its entire PR department in October of last year — meaning that public communications will likely fall on the company's mercurial CEO, Elon Musk. READ MORE: Bay Area man charged with reckless Tesla stunt was once declared 'the most spoiled kid in the US' [SFGate] More on the incident: Cops Arrest Man For Driving Tesla With Nobody in Drivers Seat Share This Article 
Nothing makes you feel more rundown and miserable than a bad night’s sleep. Unfortunately, if you or the person you sleep next to snores, you probably feel rundown and miserable a lot. Snoring is by far the most common reason people give for not sleeping well. According to Johns Hopkins Medicine, about 45-percent of people snore occasionally, while 25 percent say they snore on a regular basis. That means there are roughly 94-million U.S. adults whose lives are impacted by snoring in some way, and at least 52 million who deal with it almost every single day of their lives. But it doesn’t have to be. If you want to stop snoring once and for all. the VitalSleep anti snoring mouthguard can help. In order to understand how the VitalSleep anti snoring mouthguard works, first you have to understand what causes snoring in the first place. When you sleep, the muscles in your neck and throat relax, and your tongue falls to the back of your mouth. When your tongue falls back, your throat narrows and your airway walls loosen and sag, resulting in the partial obstruction of the upper airway. When you inhale, the loosened walls of your partially obstructed airway vibrate, producing that unmistakable, incredibly annoying sound. For some people, all of this only happens every once in a while, under certain conditions. For others, however, snoring is a chronic problem that takes a major toll on quality of sleep. Over time, low quality sleep can lead to impaired critical thinking and judgement. And in the context of a relationship, it can cause feelings of shame and resentment. Needless to say, if you want to stop snoring, you have to figure out a way to keep your airways open. One of the most popular ways of doing this is with a continuous positive airway pressure machine, a.k.a. a CPAP machine. However, CPAPs are big, and they require cumbersome face masks as well as access to electricity. The VitalSleep anti snoring mouthguard is a much simpler solution that fits in your pocket and can be used absolutely anywhere. The VitalSleep anti-snoring mouthguard keeps your airways open, and thus prevents snoring, by holding your jaw and tongue forward. It features a patented Accu-Adjust system that allows you to adjust the lower tray in 1-millimeter increments based on snoring intensity. The further forward you position the bottom tray, the more your airways will be held open. The VitalSleep anti-snoring mouthguard ensures a comfortable fit with molded teeth impressions. A lot of mouthguards you order online don’t offer this feature. VitalSleep gives you a perfect custom fit without having to see a doctor or making multiple visits to a sleep clinic. All you have to do is heat the mouthguard in hot water for 60 seconds, then bite into the mouthpiece. And this process can be repeated multiple times, meaning you can make adjustments to the molding as needed. Made in USA with medical-grade, FDA-approved, hypo-allergenic materials, the VitalSleep is BPA, latex, and metal free. It comes in two different sizes, one for men, and one for women. And most importantly, it comes with a 2-year warranty and 60-night money-back guarantee. If you are not completely satisfied with the product for any reason, simply contact customer service for a full refund. They’ll even give you a free postage-paid return label. If snoring is starting to take a toll on your quality of life, don’t just sit there. Take action right now and order the VitalSleep anti-snoring mouthguard. You have nothing to lose but so much to gain. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In an era of data breaches and experts wondering if your very thoughts could be filed in a database for sale somewhere as new technologies catch on, it pays to think about privacy. Virtual private networks (VPNs) help keep your data yours, and one of the best-reviewed VPNs, NordVPN, currently has a two-year subscription for $89, 68% off, and $10 in StackSocial.com store credit. VPNs protect your data by directing all your traffic through their servers, instead of through your internet service provider's data farms. Even with protections on your device, your ISP can gather information such as your location, where you go online, what days and times you log in, and more, which can then be shared or sold to, well, pretty much anybody. With VPNs, that trail stops at their server and anybody tracking you hits a blank wall. VPN servers are also located across the globe, making it easy to get around "geofencing" and access the streaming services and content you can be locked out of when you go on vacation. NordVPN makes it more secure with next-generation encryption, obfuscated servers, IP masking, and compatibility with tools such as The Onion Router to add more layers of security. This all works in the background as you chat, stream, download, and work with lightning speed, and NordVPN functions across up to six of your devices, anywhere you go, with more than 5,000 servers you can access around the globe. That's part of the reason it's racked up awards and top ratings, including five stars from Trustpilot and CNET and PC Mag's rarely bestowed "Outstanding" ranking. Usually, it'd cost $286 for two years of protection. Yet right now, you can have two years of peace of mind for just $89, 68% off the MSRP, and in addition, you'll get $10 in credit at the StackSocial.com store. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists at the European Space Agency are trying to make shared and frequently-worn spacesuits less gross for astronauts on the International Space Station. Astronauts going on a space walk outside of the station have to wear several layers of protective clothing, including a disposable Maximum Absorbency Garment diaper, another pair of undergarments, and a liquid- and air-cooled garment. But sharing these External Mobility Unit suits can get pretty nasty. Reuse means crews are exposed to some gross residue left there by other crew members. "Hygiene is always a concern aboard the International Space Station," said ESA life support specialist Christophe Lasseur in a statement. "Astronauts wear their clothes on alternating days then eventually they are disposed of — burnt up inside reentering spacecraft." "But there are some items and surfaces which have to be shared," he added. Grody underwear may not be a  huge issue back on Earth. But in space, it's not a simple matter of running a wash. "Spaceflight textiles, especially when subject to biological contamination — for example, spacesuit underwear — may pose both engineering and medical risks during long duration flights," said ESA material engineer Malgorzata Holynska. Holynska and her colleagues are trying to come up with special materials that could nix any remaining nasties. "We are already investigating candidate materials for outer spacesuit layers so this early technology development project is a useful complement, looking into small bacteria-killing molecules that may be useful for all kinds of spaceflight textiles, including spacesuit interiors," she said. A team at the Austrian Space Forum are looking to find a way to mimic the antimicrobial qualities of materials such as copper or silver, but without running the risk of provoking skin irritation or tarnishing over time. "To provide an alternative, we are collaborating with the Vienna Textile Lab," said Seda Özdemir-Fritz Bacterma, project scientist at the Austrian Space Forum. Anther potential solution may sound counterintuitive: fight bacteria with bacteria. "They have exclusive access to a unique bacteriographic collection," Özdemir-Fritz Bacterma said. "Those microorganisms produce so-called secondary metabolites. These compounds are typically colorful, and some exhibit versatile properties: antimicrobial, antiviral and antifungal." The scientists are now exposing test materials to space-like conditions, including plenty of radiation — as well as simulated lunar dust, since astronauts may soon be returning back to the surface of the Moon. Perhaps then, astronauts can rest assured they won't be swapping germs by sharing spacesuits. READ MORE: How to keep spacesuit 'underwear' clean? [European Space Agency] More on astronaut life: So, Uh, Astronauts Routinely Smuggle Booze Into Space Share This Article 
Researchers at Cornell University are developing a special roadway that's capable of charging vehicles' batteries as they drive over its surface. It's a bright vision of a future in which drivers are no longer tied to individual EV charging stations, allowing them to travel while simultaneously charging their cars' batteries. "Highways would have a charging lane, sort of like a high occupancy lane," Cornell associate professor of electrical and computer engineering and lead researcher Khurram Afridi told Insider. "If you were running out of battery you would move into the charging lane," he added. "It would be able to identify which car went into the lane and it would later send you a bill." The same technology could even make warehouses more productive, by allow autonomous forklifts and other machines to charge themselves while still in motion. According to Afridi, such a technology is still at least five to ten years out — but the effects of a wirelessly charging road could do wonders in a growing industry plagued by "range anxiety," the worry of running out of juice while on the go. Such roadways would also alleviate pressure on charging infrastructure that is struggling to keep up with demand. Only about 100,000 charging plugs serve some 1.8 million battery-powered cars on US roads, according to Insider. Expanding such a network is not only costly. It also comes with a variety of other logistical issues. "The only way people are going to buy electric cars is if they're just as easy to refuel as combustion engines," Afridi told Insider. "If we had this [wireless charging] technology the electric vehicles would have even less limitations than traditional ones." Afridi's road works thanks to special metal plates beneath the road connected to a powerline and an inverter. The plates create electric fields that can charge a vehicle's battery as they pass over one plate after the other. Plenty of challenges remain before wireless charging roads become the norm. While similar technologies have already caught on in the smartphone world, scaling up the technology to charge entire cars is proving difficult and costly thanks to inefficiencies. Afridi, however, is hoping that using higher frequencies could be the answer, making wireless charging more feasible. "Wireless power transfer is based on the same underlying physics used to send messages through radio waves to spacecraft in deep space, things like Voyager," the researcher said in a statement. "Except now we are sending much more energy across much shorter distances, to moving vehicles." In other words, the same frequencies used for deep space communication could be used to transmit power to vehicles over short distances. As of right now, Afridi and his team have managed to come up with a prototype that can power vehicles from 18 centimeters away. But building other components has remained a challenge. The future of such a technology is anything but certain — converting existing roadways would require them to be ripped up, a major infrastructure ask. Nonetheless, it's an exciting vision that could catapult the adoption of electric vehicles in the US — if it were ever to be realized. READ MORE: New electric vehicle charging research could allow drivers to power their cars as they drive on the highway [Insider] More on wireless charging: Carmakers Expected to Roll Out Wireless Car Chargers This Year Share This Article 
Last month, the Senate unanimously voted to confirm former astronaut and Senator Bill Nelson as NASA's 14th administrator. He replaced acting administrator Steve Jurczyk, who had assumed the mantle when President Biden took office. "In the Senate, he was known as the go-to senator for our nation's space program," reads a White House statement on Nelson’s nomination in Mach. "Most every piece of space and science law has had his imprint." Nelson comes to the job with decades of experience both as a former astronaut and as a longtime politician focused on space exploration and research. Here's what you need to know about the most powerful man in space. Nelson flew on the Space Shuttle for a six-day mission in 1986 while he was a sitting Congressperson. It was the last successful Shuttle mission prior to the Challenger accident. Interestingly, that means Nelson is joining an extremely short list of only three other NASA administrators who have actually left the planet. There was Richard H. Truly, who flew on several missions throughout the 1970s and 80s, pilot Frederick Gregory, who became one of the first Black American astronauts in the late 1970s, and Charles Bolden, who piloted the Space Shuttles Columbia and Discovery in the 1980s and 1990s — including during Nelson's mission. That list grows smaller still when you consider that Gregory only served as acting NASA administrator for about two months while President George W. Bush found and nominated a permanent replacement for the former administrator. But… Nelson's singular mission to space is marred by accusations that he was putting in face time for self-promotional purposes or political posturing more than he was a meaningful member of the crew, according to Ars Technica. In his book "Riding Rockets," NASA astronaut Mike Mullane didn't pull any punches, even revealing that the other astronauts on the nickname went as far as nicknaming Nelson "ballast." "He wanted to be a contributing crewmember and do something really important," Mullane wrote. "There was just one problem. None of the principal investigators of any of the experiments manifested on the mission wanted Nelson anywhere near their equipment. They were getting one chance to fly their experiments, had been working with the astronauts for months on how to best operate the equipment, and had no desire to have a nontechnical politician step in at the last moment and screw things up." Back in 2016, Nelson was part of the bipartisan push to secure more funding for NASA's plan to send crewmembers to Mars. However, the money did come with some strings attached: NASA was directed to get boots on the Martian soil within the next 25 years. "Fifty-five years after President Kennedy challenged the nation to put a man on the Moon, the Senate is challenging NASA to put humans on Mars," Nelson said at the time. "The priorities that we've laid out for NASA in this bill mark the beginning of a new era of American spaceflight." Unlike his predecessor, Nelson has a history of standing in the way of private-public partnerships between NASA and contractors, preferring for much of his career to handle things in-house before having a change of heart. As a Senator, Nelson joined Republicans to cancel Obama-era pushes to court private companies like SpaceX and other private companies to build new rockets, a move that led to NASA beginning to work on and pouring money into the Space Launch System. He also worked to slash funding for various commercial partnerships, including the now-successful commercial crew program that recently saw SpaceX send astronauts to and from the International Space Station. More recently, however, Nelson publicly reversed his position and enthusiastically supported NASA's commercial partnerships, even denying that he ever opposed them. When the Long March 5B rocket that China used to launch the first module of its Tiangong-3 space station fell back to the Earth in an uncontrolled reentry — code for a careening descent that could have landed almost anywhere — Nelson issued an extremely stern condemnation against the country's space program. “Spacefaring nations must minimize the risks to people and property on Earth of re-entries of space objects and maximize transparency regarding those operations," Nelson said in a NASA release. “It is clear that China is failing to meet responsible standards regarding their space debris." "It is critical that China and all spacefaring nations and commercial entities act responsibly and transparently in space to ensure the safety, stability, security, and long-term sustainability of outer space activities," Nelson added. And while it makes sense to be frustrated when another country's rocket falls out of the sky, it will be interesting to see how Nelson handles what will likely be NASA's greatest rival in space for the rest of his term. Nelson said that he didn't want to suddenly change course once he took over at NASA, according to Insider, lest he give anyone whiplash. But he does want to reemphasize NASA's research into climate change, which has traditionally been one of the space agency's main scientific priorities alongside its space exploration missions, but which was considerably deprioritized by President Trump and other officials in his administration. "The space program needs constancy of purpose," Nelson said at his Senate confirmation hearing. Nelson seems to be all in on NASA's ongoing Artemis missions, which include sending humans to the Moon for the first time in decades, establishing a long-term base of operations there, and eventually sending humans to Mars as well. But, like his short-term predecessor Jurczyk, Nelson isn't convinced that the Trump administration's timeline for those missions is realistic. "I think you may be pleased that we're gonna see that timetable try to be adhered to," Nelson said during that same Senate hearing, "but recognize that, with some sobering reality, that space is hard." Unlike Jurczyk, who mostly stayed away from Twitter, Nelson's account reveals a close connection with the media. Of the just 131 accounts that he follows, many are journalists, editors, and publications that cover space and the space industry. Many of the remaining accounts are government agencies or space contractors. While Nelson isn't exactly a prolific tweeter — his account was silent between September 2020 and May 2021, for instance — his follows suggest some level of connection to the press that may suggest a greater level of public accountability than that of government officials from the previous administration. More on Bill Nelson: Congress Names Former Astronaut as New NASA Leader Share This Article 
Gaming has gone from a solo hobby to one we can share, although, like any social group, we've had to pioneer the online timeout for the less well-behaved. Fortunately, it's never been easier to game with those closest to you. These stackable PlayStation Plus codes help you play the games you like with the people you love, and they're only $119.99 using code PLAYSTATION2021. PlayStation Plus, for the PS4 and PS5, is probably best known as Sony's online multiplayer service; to fully use the multiplayer functions of your games, you'll need a subscription. That said, there's much more to it beyond the keys to the servers. First off, you get two free games every month, yours to keep for as long as you maintain a subscription. They range from big-budget titles like Battlefield V to hot indies like the survival game Stranded Deep. 100GB of cloud storage to save your games is included, so you'll never lose your place. Share Play, another feature, lets you hand off the controller virtually. Even if your friend doesn't own the game, you can give them control, or tag them into a co-op mission, and they can try out the game or pitch in when you need it. In addition, subscribers get discounts in the PlayStation Store to get even more games, as well as access to closed betas of upcoming games, early access to demos, and other perks that get you playing first. You'll even get access to exclusive in-game gear and equipment. These three codes, available for $119.99 when you use PLAYSTATION2021 at checkout, are stackable. You can either use all three yourself, guaranteeing three years of fun, or give your fellow gaming friends and family a way to stay in touch and keep playing. Considering PlayStation Plus can cost up to $10 a month, it's a great way to ensure there's always a friendly face in the lobby. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In schools and offices alike, it's becoming clear that learning to code is going to be a cornerstone of life and work going forward. And one of the most common forms of code, one you interact with every day, is JavaScript. Originally built to drive the internet, JavaScript has expanded to game design, apps, and much more. This pay-what-you-want bundle will show you how it all works, and how to make it work for you, at the price you name. Each course is taught by Laurence Svekis, a professional instructor, Google Developer Expert, and application developer with twenty years of experience. With a 4.3 out of 5 instructor rating on StackSocial, Svekis brings his decades of practical work experience in web design, game development, and app construction to code-along JavaScript projects. He starts with the very basics of JavaScript, moving into simple games, and moving into web design, including how the language interacts with HTML 5 and dynamic web pages. In a pay-what-you-want bundle, we average the total of what each person pays for the bundle, with the highest-paying customers tracked on a leaderboard. As more people decide what they'll pay, the average shifts accordingly. Pay any price you want and you're guaranteed to receive some of the bundle, ideal for getting started or learning something new. Pay above the average price, and you'll unlock the whole bundle. Pay enough to get on the leaderboard, even only for a moment, and you'll be entered into our Incredible $5K Giveaway. And if you top the leaderboard, at any point, you get five entries into the contest. Once you learn JavaScript, you'll view the sites you browse and the apps you use in a new light. Normally, this course bundle would cost $1,791, yet the crowdsourced discount can save you up to 99%. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Over the past several years, robots and devices using artificial intelligence have moved from the realm of science fiction to the world of science fact. Virtual assistants, robot helpers, 3D printers, and other high-tech devices have taken the world by storm, and are now commonplace in many homes. But the Rotrics’ DexArm is taking things to the next level. Whether you’re looking for an AI assistant, a desktop plotter, a laser engraver, or a 3D printer, this robot arm does it all. DexArm is a robotic arm with easily attachable modules that transform the device into a desktop plotter, laser engraver, 3D printer, and more. With a precision of up to 0.1mm, and repeatability of a whopping 0.05mm, the DexArm can do just about anything. Whether you’re looking to engrave a phone case or 3D print some lightweight industry modules, DexArm can help. It can engrave on a variety of surfaces such as wood, bamboo, leather, fabric, or even paper. With dimensions of 175mm x 128mm x 315mm, the DexArm is designed to fit on almost any desk. And its highly adjustable conveyor belt offers multiple features, such as adjustable speed and bidirectional rotation, each of which adaptable according to your needs. The DexArm works with almost any computer. All you need is a USB-C port and a stable Wi-Fi connection. It comes with software that covers all functions of the arm, and also works with most operating systems, such as Mac, Windows PC, and Linux. However, it can also be controlled by a 3.5-inch touchscreen. And the DecArm offers the perfect opportunity to start learning to code. It provides API for various programming languages such as C, C++, Python, Java, JavaScript, and ROS. Depending on your needs, the DexArm comes in three packages. The Starter Kit offers a DexArm and a pen holder module. The Maker Kit offers all of those things, and also a 3.5-inch touchscreen, a laser module, and a 3D printing module. Perhaps the most luxurious, the New Luxury Kit offers DexArm extensions and modules, including a soft gripper, and an air picker. DexArm also offers a wide variety of accessories. For additional safety there's an optional enclosure made completely out of aluminum alloy. There's also a computer vision kit with 1080p resolution, a built-in microphone, a sliding rail kit for maximizing the robot’s productivity on the wide areas, and a conveyor belt kit. And to top it all off, Rotrics also offers a one-year warranty on the DexArm, as well as each of its modules. There are thousands of things you can do with DexArm; from stunning calligraphy to hyperrealistic drawings. To get a better idea of what the DexArm can do for you, head over to their website, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Federal investigators have released a preliminary report into a deadly crash involving a Tesla Model S that killed two men in Texas last month. Early reports suggested at the time that neither of the two passengers were sitting behind the wheel at the time of the crash, prompting speculation surrounding Tesla's controversial Autopilot feature. The new report, however, suggests that footage from the vehicle's owners' home security cameras, as reviewed by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), showed the two passengers entering and occupying both front seats of the vehicle. It's important to note, though, that the men switched seats after leaving home and before the deadly crash. And a witness did hear them discussing Autopilot prior to getting into the vehicle. The NTSB's investigation also found that Tesla's automated "Traffic-Aware Cruise Control," one part of its Autopilot feature that controls the vehicle's speed and distance to vehicles in front of it, could have been engaged. But a different part of the Autopilot suite, Autosteer, which as its name suggests allows the vehicle to steer itself, was "not available on that part of the road," according to the report. It's yet another puzzle piece in an investigation that has already seen many twists and turns. Following the crash, Tesla CEO Elon Musk was adamant that Autopilot was not engaged during the crash. Conflicting reports have also raised questions about whether somebody was in the driver's seat. According to Tesla's investigations, there was in fact somebody in the driver's seat — contradicting first responders who found with a high degree of confidence that "there was no one driving that vehicle," as Harris County constable Mark Herman told local Houston news station KHOU. It's still possible that the vehicle's restraint control module, a kind of black box that records a host of data, can provide investigators — and the public — with some answers. The module was recovered but was damaged in the ensuing fire. "All aspects of the crash remain under investigation as the NTSB determines the probable cause, with the intent of issuing safety recommendations to prevent similar crashes," the NTSB concluded in its preliminary report. The story is far from over, with plenty of questions we still don't have answers for. Hopefully, we'll know more soon. READ MORE: Automated steering 'not available' on Texas road where Tesla crashed -NTSB [Reuters] More on the crash: Senator Slams Musk for Talking About Deadly Tesla Crash Share This Article 
Russian space agency Roscosmos has announced that it has begun vacuum testing a new module intended to build out the Russian segment of the International Space Station — a strange choice in light of Russia's recent decision to ditch the ISS for its own upcoming space station. The agency's Multipurpose Laboratory Module (MLM), also known as the Nauka (that's Russian for "Science") segment, has been in development for over a decade. It was originally meant to launch in 2007 and orbit the Earth alongside Zarya, the first-ever module of the ISS to be launched, and Zvezda, the Russian segment's service module. The launch, however, has been delayed significantly several times. Now, Russia appears to have renewed its efforts to launch the Nauka module after all. At 43 feet long, and a weight of more than 20 metric tons, the module represents the largest of its kind to be launched since Zvezda, which was launched in 2000. Its primary purpose is to build out Russia's scientific research capabilities in orbit. It's an interesting moment for Russia's space program. Roscosmos recently confirmed that it is officially leaving the International Space Station after 20 continuous years of international occupation of the aging outpost. Russian deputy prime minister Yuri Borisov said last month that the space station's condition left "much to be desired." Russia also recently showed off the construction of the first module of its own planned space station, set to launch within this decade. But despite signaling the country's abandonment of the space station, Roscosmos director general Dmitry Rogozin called the MLM segment "an integral part of the Russian segment of the ISS" last month. During the recent tests, scientists at Roscosmos filled the Nauka segment with a helium mixture and placed it in a massive vacuum chamber, according to an update, to test whether it's sufficiently airtight. It's an important step for any module meant to house astronauts. In fact, crew members on board the ISS found a leak on the 20-years-old Zvezda module last year, requiring them to seal it with a special glue. Fortunately, according to both NASA and Roscosmos, astronauts were never in danger. In December, however, Roscosmos was preparing to ship additional oxygen reserves to stop air pressure from dropping on board the station. Big picture, Russia appears to be working on two space station modules at the same time. One is meant to renew the country's commitments to a decades-long international collaboration in orbit, while the other embodies Russia's desires to establish its own outpost. In many ways, Russia is distancing its space ambitions from those of the West. For instance, the country recently announced that it was partnering with China on a much smaller outpost orbiting the Moon after turning down NASA and its European partners to establish the Gateway, a similar lunar outpost. It will be interesting to see what the launch of the Nauka segment will signify for the near future of the International Space Station. Even US support for the aging station has been challenged recently, with Congress only reluctantly renewing its support late last year. After all, Russia launched the first building block of the International Space Station — and there's a chance it will be the last country to do as well. Despite its age, the ISS still represents a great opportunity to explore what life could look like beyond Earth's atmosphere — and teach us valuable lessons about life on Earth as well. But with waning support, major world powers are now looking for their next scientific platform. READ MORE:  Ground tests of the Science module [Roscosmos] More on Russia's space station: Russia Confirms That It's Abandoning the International Space Station Share This Article 
If you’re among the 42 percent of men between the ages of 18-to-49 who are experiencing moderate to extensive hair loss, there’s a pretty good chance you’ve hit up Google to see if there’s anything you can do about it. Unfortunately, as you have no doubt discovered, the Internet is full of all kinds of pills and creams and serums that claim to restore or thicken hair without any scientific evidence to back them up. But that doesn’t mean there’s nothing you can do about thinning hair. There are products out there that actually work. And one of them is the Kiierr Laser Therapy Cap. Using lasers to regrow hair may sound like something out of a comic book or science fiction movie. But the technology behind the Kiierr Laser Cap has been around for a long time. And it is legit. Called low light laser therapy, or LLLT, it was discovered in the 1960s by a Hungarian physician named Endre Mester. It has been used for years in clinical settings to treat hair loss and has been approved as safe with no side effects by the FDA. Perhaps most importantly, several scientific studies have concluded that LLLT “significantly” improves hair counts in both men and women with androgenetic alopecia, which is the most common form of hair loss. So how does low light laser therapy work? As the name of this treatment suggests, the kinds of lasers used in low light laser therapy don't generate heat. That’s why LLLT is sometimes referred to as cold laser therapy. Basically, the idea is that light emitted from laser diodes enhances blood circulation in the skin, transporting more nutrients and thus stimulating metabolism and protein synthesis in hair follicle cells. This process is called photobiomodulation. Over a prolonged period of time, photobiomodulation can cause hair follicles to switch from their dormant, or telogen phase, to their active, or anagen phase. That means hair starts to grow again in places where it had stopped growing. For a long time, low light laser therapy was only available in special clinics. Luckily that is not the case any more. Today companies like Kiierr make it possible to treat yourself in the comfort of your own home, while you sit on your couch watching TV and eating popcorn. The Kiierr Laser Cap is actually a small helmet that fits inside any standard baseball cap. It has a stretch headband to secure it to your head and will fit anyone up to a 23.5 inch circumference. The Kiierr 148 Pro has 148 laser diodes, while the Kiierr 272 Premium has 272 laser diodes. Both models emit light at a wavelength of 650 nanometers, which is clinically proven to be most effective. However, the more diodes, the more intense the light, and thus the less time it will take to see results. Speaking of results, you’re probably wondering what exactly you will see and how long it will take to see it. Well, using the Kiierr 272 Premium for just 30 minutes every other day has been shown to be 93-percent effective in regrowing or thickening hair. But it does take some time. Most people will see visible changes after three to four months, with maximum results coming after about six-to-seven months of use. Of course, the Kiierr Laser Cap will not work for all types of baldness. The Kiierr Laser Cap treats androgenic alopecia in males who have Norwood-Hamilton Classifications of IIa to V and females who have Ludwig-Savin Classifications of I to II, and for both who have Fitzpatrick Skin Types of I to IV. But if you’re not entirely sure if you fall into those categories, don’t worry. Kiierr offers a full seven-month money back guarantee. If the Kiierr Laser Cap does not produce results within 210 days, simply send it back for a full refund. If you’ve noticed your hair is starting to thin, you can either sit around and do nothing, or you can do something about it right now. Low light laser therapy has worked for a lot of people. Order the Kiierr Laser Cap, and see if it will work for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The light-emitting diode (LED) has been quietly leading a revolution in how we spend our days and nights by offering cheap, easily controllable light. They're so cost-efficient and powerful, they've even been forcing other lightbulbs out of the market. And there's no better demonstration of why than with this minimalist corner floor lamp. Older lamps generally use either electrical resistance or chemical reactions to create light. These can be bulky and generate heat. LEDs generate light by moving electrons across a semi-conductor, which not only allows them to be scaled to any size and shape you want, they produce the same amount of light while using less power and generating minimal heat. They last longer than conventional bulbs as well, with an average lifetime of 50,000 hours, and only require a standard outlet to run. That allows this lamp to fit discreetly into any corner while still generating plenty of ambient light. The aluminum body has a black finish to limit unwanted reflections, which blends with the sturdy weighted rubber bottom to keep your lamp in place while protecting your floor. It also frees up space for you to move around while ensuring pets or rambunctious guests won't knock it over. LEDs have another advantage as well; since they're semiconductors, it's easy to control how and when they emit light and the frequency of light they emit. This lamp comes with a remote control to shuffle through over 16 million colors and 300 lighting effects to create the perfect mood. Dim the lights to enjoy a movie at home, turn them up and make the light a warm color to welcome guests, or match it to daylight to subtly brighten a sunlit room in the early morning. Usually, this lamp is $149, but you can put it in the corner for $89.99, 40% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Elon Musk revealed that he has Asperger syndrome during his monologue while hosting Saturday Night Live.  The Tesla and SpaceX CEO took to the stage at 30 Rock on May 8 for his much-anticipated hosting duty, where he opened the show with the revelation. "I’m actually making history tonight as the first person with Asperger’s to host SNL — or at least the first person to admit it," said the billionaire. "So, I won’t make a lot of eye contact with the cast tonight." Asperger syndrome is a neuro-developmental disorder that impacts a person’s ability to communicate and interact with others. It can be characterized by nonverbal communication and repetitive behaviors, and can also be mild.  But Musk's claim that he’s the first with Asperger’s to host the sketch show is a bit misleading. Former SNL cast member Dan Aykroyd has also spoken about having Asperger's, and hosted the show in 2003, according to The Daily Beast.  That said, Musk’s revelation is still pretty cool, and shows the significant strides we've made in destigmatizing neuro-atypical conditions.   It also helped that Musk took a lighthearted approach to the subject. "But don’t worry, I’m pretty good at running ‘human’ in emulation mode," he joked.  Overall, his monologue was solid, fairly charming, and delivered on the laughs. At one point he brought out his mother to joke about Dogecoin and inadvertently tanked the price of the cryptocurrency.  But he did get some backlash. Marlow Stern, writing for The Daily Beast, criticized Musk’s monologue as "deceptive and deeply awkward." More specifically, Stern took issue with Musk blaming his challenged public image on silly tweets and funny comments.  "For what it’s worth, it’s a distortion for Musk to say that people have mostly taken issue with his silly pot-smoking and sex jokes on Twitter," Stern wrote, "rather, people have been critical of his anti-union tweets, the time he accused a hero diver of being a ‘pedo guy,’ mocking gender pronouns, and his aforementioned COVID misinformation-spreading." Let’s be honest: Stern’s got a solid point. Musk is a complex person. While he undoubtedly does a lot of very cool things and is at the vanguard of the most innovative technologies out there, he’s also incredibly problematic. No amount of joking on SNL can whitewash that. You can watch the entirety of his SNL monologue below: READ MORE: Elon Musk Reveals Asperger Syndrome Diagnosis on 'Saturday Night Live' [Variety] More on Elon's SNL appearance: Elon Musk on SNL: Reactions Share This Article 
Photoshop is so ubiquitous, and so good at subtly changing photos in the right hands, that Adobe is training computers to spot Photoshopped faces. That's just one piece of Adobe's Creative Cloud, however, which offers a suite for editing video, designing documents, creating visual effects, and much, much more. Learning how to use them can give your career a boost or open the door to an entirely new line of work, and this pay-what-you-want bundle is the perfect place to start. The courses in this bundle are offered by Skill Success. Launched by Michael Shen in 2012, Skill Success aims to make software accessible to everyone, developing courses with experienced instructors highly rated by both students and peers. Each course offers both theory and practice, allowing you to learn both how the software works and why professionals use certain tools to do certain jobs. All you need to do is bring your own software, and you can begin upskilling in video editing, graphic design, user experience, and image editing. So how does the discount work? With this bundle, you can pay whatever price want and get some of the bundle to begin exploring creativity in the cloud, perfect if you want to get started or are narrowly focused on a few programs for now. We also track the average price paid per customer, so if you pay more than the average, you'll unlock all the courses this bundle has to offer! That's not all! Beating the top price will place you on the leaderboard, and you'll be entered for a chance to win our Incredible $5K Giveaway. If you top the leaderboard at any point, you get five entries! Normally, this bundle of courses would cost up to $1,592, but the pay-what-you-want discount means you can save up to 99%. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Elon Musk can now say he has hosted SNL. The question on most Saturday Night Live viewers' minds: Does the most ballyhooed industrialist of our time, the man behind Tesla and SpaceX, with a net worth in the hundreds of billions, have the kinds of comic chops to not completely embarrass himself on history's first globally-livestreamed episode of SNL? A little bit of context, before we get into things: So! To say there was a lot to anticipate about Musk's performance would be to... mildly understate the case. And the reviews came swift and fast. Here's what the world had to say on Elon's SNL debut: On the monologue, in which Elon guaranteed headlines by identifying as a person with Asperger Syndrome: Elon Musk Reveals On 'SNL' He Has Asperger's https://t.co/xfAuJTRkLK — TMZ (@TMZ) May 9, 2021  On Dogecoin: The world when Elon and his mom mentioned #dogecoin on SNL#dogetothemoon pic.twitter.com/DFEUgFwmPz — Jarod Narag (@TheJrodBlog) May 9, 2021  On the "Gen Z Hospital" skit: I am on team beard Elon pic.twitter.com/pttuwgoohH — TJ Cooney 🚀 (@TJ_Cooney) May 9, 2021  When Elon Invited his mom onstage: He was awful: SNL drew a lot of people with Elon as host only to drop the two worst opening sketches of all time. — Ryan Mac🙃 (@RMac18) May 9, 2021  He was great: Elon musk just basically said this about his tweets pic.twitter.com/eG5txrCteV — Stock Market News (@StockMKTNewz) May 9, 2021  He was weird: elon speaks and acts like a deepfake — LAZAR (@Lazarbeam) May 9, 2021  I definitely wasn't ready for Wario Elon #SNL pic.twitter.com/0pgde988Eq — Thomas Aman (@itsthomasaman) May 9, 2021  He was awkward: OMG This is Elon! 😍 pic.twitter.com/5hQyMjiQWb — BogusThought (@billhuang688) May 9, 2021  More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk: “There’s a Pretty Good Chance We’ll End Up With Universal Basic Income”   Share This Article 
Over the last week, the world has been captivated by a Chinese rocket plummeting back to Earth in an uncontrolled descent (a 2021 "mood," if ever there was one). Tonight, China's Long March 5B rocket — the fourth-largest uncontrolled descent of manmade debris in the history of space exploration — finally crashed down Saturday evening over the Indian Ocean, according to the Washington Post. This is not the first time we've seen something like this, let alone something like this from China. Last May, another Long March 5B fell to Earth as well — and while most of it burned up on reentry and the majority of it landed in the ocean, parts of it did, in fact, crash down into West Africa. Long story short, tonight's reentry caps an embarrassing spectacle for China's rapidly-expanding space program, which pulled global attention away from a successful launch — though it's too soon to say whether it'll shame Beijing into avoiding similar incidents going forward. The latest rocket was sent into space as part of a mission to build the country's ambitious Tiangong Space Station, carrying what will eventually be living quarters for astronauts on board the orbital outpost. Earlier this week, it was established that any damage related to the crash-landing of the Long March 5B was technically the responsibility of China. And U.S. officials made it clear that they were not, in fact, going to attempt to knock this thing out of the sky. China isn't the only country that's occasionally had trouble controlling its orbital flotsam. Way back in 1979, NASA's first space station, Skylab, plummeted back to Earth in a similar uncontrolled fashion, spewing parts across parts of Australia — and, like China's latest debacle, prompted a huge media sensation in advance of its descent as the public speculated about where it would land. Read more: Debris from Chinese space rocket booster re-enters Earth’s atmosphere over Indian Ocean near Maldives, China reports [The Washington Post] More on the falling rocket: Secretary of Defense: We Will Not Shoot Down Plummeting Chinese Deathrocket Share This Article 
Are you having trouble getting high quality sleep on a regular basis? If so, you need to do something about it. Poor sleep is scientifically proven to diminish critical thinking, judgment, and problem solving skills, leaving us irritable and inflexible. Poor sleep has also been scientifically linked to things like poor immune function, weight gain, high blood pressure, and accelerated aging, just to name a few. To put it simply, it is biologically impossible to achieve peak physical or cognitive performance without good sleep. The good news is that the scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective have spent years studying what goes on in our bodies when we sleep. Now they’ve used what they have learned to create Qualia Night, a totally new kind of sleep supplement formulated to give your body exactly what it needs to get deep, regenerative, rejuvenating sleep. Normally we think of nighttime as when our bodies power off and take a breather. But believe it or not, there’s actually a lot going on in there while we’re sleeping. (Use Coupon Code PROD15 at checkout for a 15-percent discount.) Sleep is when the body repairs cells, muscles, and tissues. It’s also when the body synthesizes key proteins and hormones. As for the brain, sleep it when it regroups and reorganizes neurons so they can efficiently communicate and store information. It’s also when the glymphatic system clears out waste from the central nervous system, including toxic chemicals that build up throughout the day. In order to perform all this maintenance on a nightly basis, the brain and body require a very specific set of nutrients. Now, after years of research, you can get them all in Neurohacker Collective’s Qualia Night. What is Qualia Night? Let’s start by talking about what it’s not. Qualia Night is not a sleeping pill. It contains zero pharmaceutical or botanical sedatives. Thus it will not cause drowsiness or make you fall asleep. Neurohacker Collective’s goal in formulating Qualia Night was to help the body help itself. To do that, they analyzed the neurological and biological processes that take place while we sleep and developed a patent-pending blend of the raw materials that: By providing nutritional support for these critical functions, Qualia Night helps you achieve deeper and more restorative sleep, which in turn leads to more energy, improved cognition, stronger immunity, and enhanced long-term brain health. If you’re not waking up in the morning feeling refreshed, rejuvenated, and ready to take on the day, your body probably isn’t getting the nourishment it needs to heal itself at night. Luckily, Qualia Night can help. And right now you can get 15-percent off the regular price when you use the discount code PROD15 at checkout. So click here and start getting better sleep today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cracking the genome has led to some truly amazing technology, from curing blindness to creating unique genetic code in a computer. But in the day-to-day, it's opened the door to learning more about the world around us, including about our pets. The Orivet Dog DNA Kit, currently 12% off, will tell you the ancestry and future of your pet. Administering the test is simple. Place the included swab in their mouth for the instructed amount of time, and then mail it back for testing using the provided pre-paid envelope. Results come back in three to four weeks. The results are broken out into four categories. First, you'll learn about your dog's unique mix of breeds, which ties into the ancestry category and tracks breeds back three generations. The health screening looks for over 200 diseases and traits to help you keep an eye out for problems your furry friend might have. And all of this ties into the LifePlan. LifePlan is Orivet's science-guided plan to help you keep your pooch healthy. Personalized to their unique mix of DNA, and built to be easily shared with your veterinarian, it looks closely at potential risks and diseases you may need to look out for, while also offering custom alerts and other tools. You can schedule vet visit reminders, care prompts, and more, while getting expert advice and disease screening suggestions. It serves as a digital record for your pet's health, putting everything in one place for peace of mind. We all want the best for our pets. After all, they do a lot for us. Genetic screening can teach you more about your pup's past while helping you guide them towards a healthier future. Usually, the Orivet Dog DNA Kit is $109, but right now, you can get it for $94.99, 12% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Aging is not something that happens to you on the outside. It’s a biological process that begins at the cellular level. If you want to support healthy aging, that’s where you have to start. Luckily, there are world-renowned scientists and physicians who have dedicated their careers to understanding cellular aging, and some of the very best of them work with the team at Elysium Health. Elysium’s first product is a revolutionary supplement called Basis that is specifically designed to help you age better at the cellular level. Most health and wellness companies are just out to make a quick buck. To do that, they capitalize on health fads promulgated by TV doctors and health food bloggers to create poorly researched products that offer few verifiable health benefits, if any. Elysium Health is not like most companies. Founded by Dr. Leonard Guarente, director of the Glenn Center for Biology of Aging Research at MIT, Elysium Health has a scientific advisory board that includes eight Nobel Laureates. Their goal is to work with the world’s leading scientists and physicians to turn landmark scientific discoveries into real world solutions that actually help people lead healthier lives and age better. When it comes to the cellular aging process, scientists have made a number of major discoveries over the last quarter century. The most significant of these discoveries—and one originally uncovered by the pioneering research of Dr. Guarente—has to do with the crucial role played by a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+. According to David Sinclair, co-director of the Paul F. Glenn Center for the Biology of Aging at Harvard Medical School, “NAD+ is one of the most important molecules for life to exist, and without it, you’re dead in 30 seconds.” So what is NAD+? It’s a coenzyme found in all living cells, and it performs two basic jobs in the human body without which life would not be possible. First, NAD+ plays a key role in cellular metabolism by helping to turn nutrients into energy. Second, it functions as a kind of helper molecule for proteins called sirtuins. Also known as the “guardians of the genome,” sirtuins are basically the CEOs of your cells, as they protect your DNA and regulate the cellular aging process. Importantly, sirtuins require NAD+ to work. Unfortunately, scientists have discovered that natural levels of NAD+ decline as we get older, which is believed to contribute to cellular aging. Scientists have also discovered, however, that NAD+ levels can be increased through supplementation of nicotinamide riboside, a highly efficient precursor to NAD+. That’s where Elysium Basis comes in. To address the problem of declining NAD+ levels, Elysium’s team of scientists developed Basis, a formulation of Elysium’s patent-pending and proprietary crystalline nicotinamide riboside (NR-E), which the human body converts into NAD+, and pterostilbene, a powerful polyphenol created by plants that activates a key sirtuin, SIRT1. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, Basis was shown to increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent safely and sustainably. These elevated NAD+ levels help support cellular energy and metabolism, maintain healthy DNA, activate sirtuins, support healthy cellular aging, and maintain hundreds of integral processes in your cells. Basis is designed for long-term use by adults of all ages. Each bottle of Basis contains 60 capsules . Each capsule is vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, nut-free, and contains no artificial colors or flavors. The daily recommended dose contains 250mg of Elysium’s proprietary crystalline nicotinamide riboside (NR-E) and 50mg of pterostilbene, which have no known pattern of side effects or contraindications. Elysium recommends taking two capsules in the morning, with or without food. Thus, each bottle of Basis contains a 30-day supply. There is nothing you can do to stop the aging process. However, you can support healthy cellular aging so you age better at the cellular level. Elysium Basis can help promote the healthy cellular aging process by providing the NAD+ your cells need to maintain healthy DNA, promote cellular energy and metabolism, and support healthy aging on a cellular level. Click here to try it today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Last month, China successfully launched the first module of its Tianhe space station. While the deployment may have gone by without a hitch, the massive core stage of the Long March 5B rocket is now plummeting out of the sky. As of right now, the 23-ton and 100 feet debris is uncontrollably whizzing around the Earth every 90 minutes or so at roughly 18,000 mph — and will eventually fall towards the ground some time this weekend after blazing through our planet's atmosphere. That leaves a major question: what if something goes wrong? China is technically liable for any damages its massive rocket could cause on the ground below, as The Planetary Society argues in a new blog post — although the specifics are much more complicated. While the stage is statistically unlikely to hit any built-up area — 71 percent of our planet's surface is covered in oceans — if it were to hit something or someone within the next three days, the victim country could technically demand that China pay up. That would involve invoking the 1972 Space Liability Convention, a treaty signed by the US, much of Europe, and China, to hold China responsible for any damage or harm. "Liability for damage is not a finding that the state has somehow broken the law, but merely that it is answerable for the damage that results," Christopher Johnson, the space law advisor for the Secure World Foundation, told The Planetary Society, "and that a binding duty to pay compensation for that damage now exists for that state." However, experts said, it would likely be a political nightmare to invoke the Liability Convention. "There could be a smoking big crater in your territory that causes a lot of damage,” Michael Listner, founder and principal at Space Law & Policy Solutions, told the Society. "But if it’s a policy decision not to invoke it, nothing would be done." The Liability Convention has also only been invoked once, when a Soviet reconnaissance satellite crashed into Canada's Northwest Territories, leaving toxic waste behind. Only after initially denying it was their satellite did the USSR eventually pony up $6 million Canadian dollars. Apart from the obvious liability involved, experts are bringing up an equally important point: why does China let massive rockets fall out of the sky uncontrollably in the first place? "I think it’s negligent of them," Jonathan McDowell, an astrophysicist at the Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge, Massachusetts, told The New York Times. "I think it’s irresponsible." Several space companies, with SpaceX at the helm, have figured out how to make rockets reusable by allowing boosters and core stages to land themselves shortly after launch. The other option is to have rocket parts designed in a way so that they end up burning up completely upon reentry — or make a controlled reentry and fall within a predetermined area, such as the wide ocean. "It’s not a trivial thing to design something for a deliberate re-entry, but it’s nevertheless something that the world as a whole has moved to because we needed to," Ted J. Muelhaupt, principal director of Aerospace’s Center for Orbital and Re-entry Debris Studies, told the NYT. For now, according to the latest numbers, the rocket stage dubbed CZ-5B will impact the Earth somewhere between Saturday evening and Sunday morning, UTC. Hopefully it won't hit anything on its way down. READ MORE: This Is What Legally Happens If An Uncontrolled Rocket Damages Something [The Planetary Society] More on the rocket stage: Oops, More Huge Chinese Space Debris Is Tumbling Back to Earth Share This Article 
It's the perfect headline: in a new paper, a group of scientists laid out "evidence" for why they think NASA's rovers and Mars orbiters have already collected photographic evidence of fungi on Mars. Could those bubble-shaped rocks really be puffball-like growths, basking in the radiation battering down on the desolate Martian surface? Think again, experts say. "The conditions on Mars are so extreme that you’re not going to see fungi or any kind of life growing at that sort of speed under conditions like coldness and low air pressure," Jonathan Clarke, president of Mars Society Australia, told the South China Morning Post. "Life can barely survive, let alone thrive." Clarke also took issue with the paper claiming that mushrooms were actually growing on Mars. "It’s just like if you go to a beach and there are shells," he told the newspaper. "If the wind blows, the sand moves and exposes more shells. But we won’t say the shells are growing there, it’s just that they become visible." The paper did have some fairly impressive credentialing, with authors listed from the Smithsonian Institute and George Mason University. But as it turns out, the lead author of the paper was Rhawn Gabriel Joseph, a fringe researcher known for dubious and unscientific claims about life on other planets. Joseph has a lengthy track record of attempting to get his research published in reputable scientific journals. At one point, he even started his own renegade journal. Joseph did break through and get a paper published in the journal Astrophysics & Space Science in November 2019, as Ryan points out — but it was promptly retracted after finding the paper "proffers insufficient critical assessment of the material presented and literature cited, and fails to provide a solid underpinning for the speculative statements made in the article which, in their view, invalidates the conclusions drawn." In other words, the journal realized its mistake, and seemingly laughed him out of the room. Joseph's latest paper was published in the journal Advances in Microbiology, a journal headquartered in China that's been criticized for republishing existing articles, as Nature reported back in 2010. And so here we are yet again, with the latest paper being shredded by the scientific community. "Claiming that mushrooms are sprouting all over Mars is an extraordinary claim that requires better evidence than an analysis of photographic morphology by a known crank who has claimed, on the basis of the same kind of analysis, that he has seen fields of skulls on Mars," University of Minnesota, Morris, developmental biologist Paul Myers told CNET. In short, we have a mountain of evidence that Mars is extremely unhospitable to life as we know it on Earth. And photographic evidence is simply not nearly enough, experts say. "We have more than photos, records, instruments that tell us what these materials are made of," David Flannery, lecturer at the Queensland University of Technology who is a member of NASA's Mars 2020 mission science team, told SCMP. "And we have models for the features we see around us." "Robots are sending back huge amounts of data," he added. "We have plenty of information but it’s just that no one is interpreting the features that we see as something like fungi. There’s zero evidence for that." "This paper, which is really not credible, will be ignored by the scientific community," Flannery said. Advances in Microbiology has remained quiet, failing to respond to Ryan's requests for comment. The journal's managing editor Zoey Yang did tell SCMP that the paper "was accepted with revisions as we received four review results from different reviewers" after peer review. "They all suggest that we accept it after some revisions." It's an admittedly enjoyable daydream: the prospect of mushrooms growing on Mars would be a tremendous breakthrough in our understanding of our Solar System and humanity's place in the universe. But without backing up such claims with extensive evidence — and compelling support from academic peers — the findings should be treated with a grain of salt. READ MORE: No, NASA photos are not evidence of fungus growing on Mars, sorry [CNET] More on Joseph: Extremely Dubious Scientist Believes There’s Mushrooms and Lichen on Mars Share This Article 
Video games have gone from nerd hobby to the mainstream, offering test beds for new technologies and giving us digital tools to explore real-life problems. Learning to build games is both a fun and productive hobby and a new career, and this pay-what-you-want bundle makes it easy to get started with ten courses that explore coding and design in gaming. These courses are offered by Zenva Academy, which is dedicated to teaching people to code by making it fun. The academy follows a "learn by doing" model reflected in the bundle, where you'll program different types of games, such as idle games and platformers, alongside Zenva's experienced team of instructors. You'll not only learn how to build games but also develop a better understanding of how different platforms work and a better appreciation of code, building up to two courses on Python and Java fundamentals. This will not only lay the intellectual groundwork for more complex games but for different forms of coding as well. With this bundle, as people choose what they'll pay, we track the average and put those who contribute the most on the leaderboard. You can pay strictly what you want and get a portion of the bundle to get you started on your game development journey, perfect if you want to get your feet wet and pick up more courses later. If you want to explore the whole bundle, just beat the average price to take the whole bundle home. Finally, if you make it onto the leaderboard, you'll get one entry in our incredible $5,000 cash giveaway. Top the leaderboard at any point, and you'll get five entries! Gaming is a great window not just into our inner worlds, but also into coding, art, and much more. And with this bundle, you can potentially pay up to 99% off. Price subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the disappearance of Bitcoin’s creator, Satoshi Nakamoto. Since then, Bitcoin has become one of the most promising alternative investments around. The cryptocurrency industry is currently worth a staggering $2 trillion, and is expected to continue to grow well into the future. And one of the best ways to plan for your future is by setting up an individual retirement account (IRA) through Bitcoin IRA. For those who are unfamiliar, an IRA is a special type of retirement savings account that offers major tax breaks for investors. There are different types of IRAs, each with their own specific rules. But the idea behind them is that they will help you grow wealth faster so you are financially stable by the time you retire. While traditional IRAs let you invest in financial products like stocks, bonds, and mutual funds, Bitcoin IRA is the world’s first and largest Cryptocurrency IRA provider. It offers offers three types of accounts: IRA Rollover, IRA Earn, and Saver IRA. The IRA Rollover account allows you to bring in cash or crypto from an existing retirement account. With IRA Earn, the interest rates can go up to 6 percent. And the Saver IRA is perfect if you’re starting with cryptocurrencies and still unsure about the amount you’re going to invest. Starting with a Bitcoin IRA is not rocket science. It takes about three minutes to register and set up an account. After you invest, your money will be stored and insured with BitGo Trust, one of the largest processors of bitcoin transactions. If your assets are lost/stolen, BitGo has you covered, as it offers up to $100 million in insurance policies. Investing in your account is possible 24/7, anytime, anywhere, provided there is Internet access. Apart from investing in assets, Bitcoin IRA also offers lending assets up to 6-percent APY. The versatility of Bitcoin IRA is also enhanced by their customer service, which offers plenty of tips for beginners and seasoned investors alike. If you’re having trouble opening an account, they can even offer you a scheduled consultation, or you can just give them a call. Regardless if you want to invest in Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, or some other cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin IRA has you covered. So click here to get started today, and enjoy the tax benefits of Bitcoin IRA. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The Pentagon is reportedly getting ready to unleash a flood of still-unreleased data on several run-ins with "unidentified aerial phenomena" that Navy pilots have had dating back to at least 2004 (the release will happen later this year). Congress even set up an entire taskforce to investigate whether the incidents represent an actual threat. In other words? The US is finally starting to take UFOs seriously. And with that shift, experts are starting to grapple with some pretty big questions. In a tongue-in-cheek opinion piece for Bloomberg titled "If the Pentagon Takes UFOs Seriously, So Should Markets," economist Tyler Cowen examined the possible effects the discovery of aliens among our midst could have on global markets. Cowen's prediction: "Most market prices won’t move very much." Markets may become a little more volatile with little green men strolling around, but with no actual threat to our personal wealth and investments, the numbers wouldn't budge much. "If aliens really are among us, they do not seem determined to influence the course of worldly events," Cowen writes. "Even if you took the extreme view that one million of them are living under the ocean — would that affect Wall Street expectations for the number of iPhones sold next year?" he adds. "Maybe it would increase demand for a fly-by camera option." Besides, if the aliens aren't happy with our existence, they'd probably have a leg up and "zap us into oblivion" anyways, Cowen argues. "After such an act of obliteration, neither gold nor Bitcoin will do you any good." What's more likely, according to the writer, is that an alien presence would represent a boon to the tourism and sci-fi industries. But for now, we will have to wait and see how having new forms of intelligence mingling with humans on Earth will stack the numbers. READ MORE:  If the Pentagon Takes UFOs Seriously, So Should Markets [Bloomberg] More on UFOs:  MIT Researcher Says UFO Research Could Lead to New Laws of Physics Share This Article 
If you find yourself turning to coffee for its caffeine boost only to be betrayed by an eventual caffeine crash, you're not alone. An estimated 90-percent of Americans drink coffee regularly for it's caffeine, an addictive stimulant known for increasing alertness and boosting energy. According to the Cleveland Clinic, it's also the most commonly consumed psychoactive drug on Earth, with side effects like insomnia, headaches, dehydration, and high blood pressure when over consumed. So if you're looking for a safe energy boost without the negative side effects of drinking too much coffee, you need to learn about MUD\WTR coffee alternative . It's a commonly held belief that coffee allows us to do more and do it better. Before you know it, that daily cup of joe morphs into drinking multiple cups of coffee daily. This leads to the negative side effects that come with over-consuming caffeine, such as anxiety, jitters, and really poor sleep. These issues can also open the door to a variety of other problems and illnesses. As it turns out, caffeine blocks the adenosine receptors and affects your ability to get deep sleep. Additionally, the jolt of adrenaline and manipulation of your mood cause shakes, crashes, and dependency which is terrible for people looking to maximize their peak performance. That is until MUD\WTR coffee alternative was developed to stop people from having to drink hundreds of milligrams of caffeine. It's designed to replace your favorite morning ritual by being something better and more effective without the caffeine crash. Say goodbye to your daily cup of coffee (or five) and hello to your new morning ritual, MUD\WTR. It's a coffee alternative consisting of organic ingredients lauded by cultures old and young for their health and performance benefits. With just 1/7th the caffeine of coffee, mud gives you natural energy and focus without the jitters and crash. Coffee is a stimulant that slingshots your energy levels. But with MUD\WTR, you get a more balanced approach to boosting focus and wakefulness. That's because MUD\WTR blends cacao and masala chai with a hall of the fame ingredient list: Lion’s Mane to support memory and focus, Chaga for phytonutrients, calming Reishi for immunity, Cordyceps for antioxidant properties, and turmeric for inflammation. Just add a tablespoon of mud into a mug of hot water, and stir. That's it. It's 100-percent organic, contains zero sugar, and no sweeteners are added. With just 1/7 of the caffeine in a cup of coffee, those jitters are gone, and you are left calm, alert, and sharp but still able to fall asleep at night. With the MUD\WTR 30 Serving Starter Kit, you're kicking off the lead domino to a hyper-productive day. It gives you everything you need to revamp your morning ritual for the better. This includes a 30-serving tin of MUD\WTR coffee alternative, a USB rechargeable frother, a free guidebook, a free sample of their creamer, and free stickers. So what are you waiting for? Say goodbye to the side effects of caffeine that hold you back from being your best with the MUD\WTR Starter Kit. It's got everything you need to revolutionize not only your morning routine, but your life. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's the morning after SpaceX managed to pull of the seemingly impossible: a full-scale Starship prototype took off from the launch pad, flew to an altitude of ten  kilometers, flipped itself on its side to slow its descent, and landed without a hitch. Well, the space company's automated sprinkler system did have to jump in after the prototype dubbed SN15 caught fire for several minutes following its flight. But still, it's a heck of an accomplishment. To SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, it's an exciting moment in his greater ambitions to get humanity to Mars. Commenting on NASASpaceflight producer Michael Baylor's tweet outlining the company's iterative approach to building a rocket — so far, four full-scale prototypes have exploded after launch — Musk reflected on what it will take to get humans beyond Earth. "Only way to create rapidly and fully reusable orbital rockets, the fundamental technology revolution needed to make life multiplanetary," Musk wrote. Musk has long professed a belief that humanity is destined to colonize distant places including Mars. The billionaire has taken the time on a number of occasions to describe his vision of what a civilization on Mars could look like, from glass domes to terraforming the entire planet. SN15 is only a baby step in that direction — but one of the largest in recent memory. If SpaceX manages to fully realize its timetable, Starship will enter orbit before the end of the year. The first Starship trips to Mars could occur as soon as 2024, if Musk is to be believed. That's an aggressive timeline. First, SpaceX will have to prove that Starship's booster, Super Heavy, is also capable of launching and landing itself. And that's yet another big step that could end in even bigger explosions. In fact, the towering design of Starship perched on top of Super Heavy — standing at almost 400 feet tall — will feature a total of 41 engines, according to Musk. SN15, for reference, had just three engines. To eventually stack Starship on top of its equally gigantic booster, SpaceX is hard at work constructing a "launch tower" that's also designed to catch Super Heavy. It's a high risk, high reward approach to designing a rocket that's one day meant to ferry dozens of passengers to distant planets. But so far, SpaceX has proven that it's serious and dedicated to the mission, explosions be damned. And Elon Musk can't afford to sit on his laurels. There's still plenty of work to do. More on Starship:  SpaceX Just Landed Starship Without It Exploding Share This Article 
The dream of ever-lasting batteries will almost certainly become reality eventually. In the meantime, we find ourselves with a growing proliferation of devices that are hungry for power, especially when you're on the go and away from an outlet. The ScoutPro can keep any of your devices well-fed, no matter how power-hungry they may be, and right now, it's available for just $99. The ScoutPro is built to charge up to five devices at once. It has a beefy 24,000 mAh battery at its core, enough to charge an iPhone Pro Max six times before you have to recharge your ScoutPro. It includes a wireless magnetic charging pad on top with both a 5W watch charger and 10W device charger for your phone, as well as a USB-C outlet with 60w output for tablets. If you need a bit more power, the 100W USB-C port is perfect for MacBooks, Chromebooks, and other laptops. Finally, the ScoutPro has a USB-A outlet for any other devices that need a boost such as AirPods. It's also easy to bring with you, at just 3.3 inches wide and 5.4 inches long, for tucking into a work bag or backpack. It charges quickly, going from empty to 100% in just an hour with quick charge tech. It also has pass-through capability, so you can plug it in, connect some of your devices, and get the power you need while the bank fills up, making it ideal for daily use. As the number of devices we bring with us proliferates, and as working remotely becomes an accepted day-to-day reality, having a good charger and power bank in your briefcase or carry-on will be a necessity. The ScoutPro can help you slim down that proliferation of chargers and cords, and right now you can do it for less: Usually $199.99, the ScoutPro is now available for $99.99, 50% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re a regular reader of this website, you’ve undoubtedly heard stories about bedroom retail traders becoming millionaires overnight, often on the back of a meme stock or cryptocurrency that was worth pennies one day and billions the next. It’s an alluring proposition, but for every day trader who got in (and out) at the exact right moment, there are thousands--if not millions--of armchair money managers watching their portfolio get pummeled. Timing the market right is statistically as profitable as a trip to Vegas, and at least there you know just how crummy your odds are. Instead, consider thinking about your money the way the professionals at M1 Finance do: Invest it, don’t gamble it. Remember this point, and remember it well: Day trading is not investing. Day traders are like professional poker players: Anyone who tells you it’s easy hasn’t been playing long enough. The swings in wins and losses can be a stressful, full time job that requires immense knowledge and focus to even have a fighting chance at beating the market, and even then the unpredictable nature of (gestures broadly) everything means you need to be prepared to lose a ton of money in your quest to hit the elusive jackpot. So what’s a fiscally reasonable person like yourself to do? Check out M1’s Finance Super App™, a powerful money management tool that encourages responsible and sustainable investing through automated allocations, easy portfolio rebalancing, dividend reinvestment, and financial goal setting that is attainable and realistic. M1 easily allows you to purchase stocks and ETFs (including fractional shares) with no obnoxious commission fees with your long term financial security in mind, not just the latest “to the moon” stock tip in a random Discord channel. M1 was founded in 2015, not by a massive banking institution or hot Silicon Valley tech firm, but by a guy in Chicago named Brian Barnes who wasn’t happy with the status quo. Barnes realized most money management applications were charging unreasonable fees, requiring large initial investments, and ultimately not doing much to help you understand how your money was being allocated. 6 years later, M1 has over $4b in assets under management and a suite of investment tools that automate and optimize your portfolio, so even the most passive investor can feel confident in their long term strategy. Of course, there’s nothing wrong with having some play money set aside to place more “ambitious” trades if your risk profile allows for it But your long term financial well-being shouldn’t be tied to whether or not Elon Musk is tweeting about your holdings. Smart investing requires a diversified portfolio with a medium-to-long term time horizon, and most importantly, a plan for getting from where you are to where you want to be. With M1’s Finance Super App, that plan could be at your fingertips. Interested in learning more? Start with M1 Finance’s 10 Habits for Better Investing and open an account today. Futurism Readers: This content was created by a non-editorial team and was paid for by M1 Financial. The views in this article don’t necessarily reflect the views of the Futurism editorial staff. All investing involves risk, including the risk of losing the money you invest, and past performance does not guarantee future performance.. Nothing in this informational site is an offer, solicitation of an offer, or advice to buy or sell any security and you are encouraged to consult your personal investment, legal, and tax advisors. Brokerage products and services offered by M1 Finance LLC, an SEC registered broker-dealer and Member  FINRA /  SIPC. No minimum balance to open account. No minimum balance to obtain APY (annual percentage yield). APY valid from account opening. Fees may reduce earnings. Rates may vary. Share This Article 
SpaceX has finally launched its latest full-scale prototype of its Mars-bound Starship rocket — and this time, for the first time, it stuck the landing. The 165-foot stainless steel spacecraft, dubbed SN15, launched from the space company's test facilities in South Texas Wednesday evening at 5:25 pm local time. It climbed to ten kilometers, first obscured inside a cloud, then reemerging above it. It then started its descent horizontally after turning its engines off, before relighting them to turn itself upright again. Then SN15 softly landed on the landing pad below. Several minutes of tense waiting followed. Flames could be seen coming from the bottom skirt of the prototype after landing, causing remotely controlled water hoses to attempt to put out the fire for several minutes — long after SpaceX concluded its official webcast of the event. 😍 pic.twitter.com/6Af2RYrN4Q — jack ryan 🙏 (@dctrjack) May 5, 2021  But it didn't explode — unlike SN10, which landed on March 3, but blew up several minutes later. "Starship landing nominal!" SpaceX CEO Elon Musk tweeted after the fire was put out. It's a colossal achievement for the Elon Musk-led company, proving that Starship is capable of launching — and landing — without blowing itself to pieces. SN15 is the fifth full-scale prototype to take to the skies. All four prototypes preceding it have met an early demise, exploding in huge balls of fire. The prototype featured "hundreds of design improvements across structures, avionics/software and engine," according to Musk. The prototype's predecessor SN11 exploded on March 30 inside a massive wall of fog due to a methane leak. Now, SpaceX can focus on getting Starship into orbit, boosted by a second gigantic rocket called Super Heavy. More on Starship: Cops Clear Beach in Preparation for Starship Launch Share This Article 
Modern technology has created a world of finance where fortunes can be made or lost in literally less than a second. It's also enabled new financial tools in cutting-edge markets that before were limited by access to information. Currency Heatwave, currently 50% off for a lifetime subscription, brings modern tech to a durable concept. Currency Heatwave is a set of tools for analyzing foreign exchange markets, also called forex. At its most basic, forex determines the exchange rates between different currencies from day to day; if you've ever changed money on a trip overseas, you've participated in forex. However, traders can also use the volatilities between currencies to generate profits. Say, for example, that you're holding Euros, at an exchange rate of one US dollar for every Euro. If the exchange rate goes up, so a dollar is now worth $1.10, you can trade your Euros for a 10% profit. The trick, of course, is that there are 180 active currencies in the world, and forex is highly volatile as a result, meaning if you want to take advantage of these rates, you have to move fast before they drop. That's where Currency Heatwave comes in. It summarizes the strength of different currencies, the volume of trading in those currencies, the overall volatility of the market, and the sentiment towards currencies, one screen for each, with a handy home screen to track it all. As one user puts it, "The application provides me with all the data I need to help me take a trade and monitor my trades easily at one glance." This allows you to make speedy and informed decisions as you trade on the forex market, taking advantage of sudden movements. Or you can use it for long-term research on currencies and how they react to economic news, diplomatic incidents, and other market feedback. Even if you don't plan to invest, it's useful for world travelers to get a sense of the overall economic situation, and how much currency to exchange. Usually, a lifetime subscription to Currency Heatwave is $19.99, yet right now, you can get it for just $10, 50% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The biotech company Oxitec has, after a decade of pushing through regulatory hurdles, unleashed its genetically-engineered mosquitoes on the Florida Keys. The experiment, which is the first release of experimental gene-hacked organisms at an ecological scale in the United States, is now underway, Live Science reports. As it continues, Oxitec and the local mosquito control board will monitor the mosquito population both to see if the bugs help kill off disease-spreading mosquitoes in the wild and to make sure that the experimental bugs don't proliferate out of control themselves. If it works — and that's a pretty big "if" — the experiment could result in a new, highly-targeted way of killing off local pests without spraying chemicals. As Futurism previously reported, the experiment was fairly unpopular among local residents, environmental activists, and scientific experts, many of whom shared that they felt strong-armed or misled into an experiment that it was impossible to opt out of without packing up and leaving town. "We want more information," Florida Keys resident and environmental advocate Meagan Hull told Futurism. "We've been demanding and asking and begging for more information for ten years. We still don’t have it. That’s why it's an experiment. They're using us for their bottom line." The new-fangled mosquitoes contain a proprietary gene that should, according to Oxitec, prevent any females from surviving past the larval stage and leave only non-biting males. As those males mate with wild females, they pass on the gene in an attempt to curb the wild population and also gradually dilute the engineered gene out of existence. The current form of the experiment is meant to not only test that self-limiting mechanism but also to see whether replacing the wild mosquitoes with gene-hacked versions actually reduces the prevalence of mosquito-borne diseases. But residents say questions about spotty science and missing data cast doubt over whether it will work. "Oxitec is giving us all the information, and they’re the vendor," Hull told Futurism. "There's no third-party independent reviewed science, there are no safety studies, there’s no environmental impact study." READ MORE: First genetically modified mosquitoes released in US [Live Science] More on Oxitec: Residents Furious at Release of 500 Million Gene-Hacked Mosquitoes Share This Article 
Jeff Bezos-led space company Blue Origin is opening up a seat on its first crewed flight to space — and it's putting the ticket up for auction. "Anyone can place an opening bid," reads a tweet. The ride of a lifetime is scheduled for July 20 on board the company's New Shepard spacecraft. "This seat will change how you see the world," reads the company's website. The capsule is designed with commercial space travel in mind, with the ability to fly up to six passengers to just above 100 kilometers (62 miles), which is the internationally agreed upon edge of space, also known as the Karman line. To be clear, that's far short of the altitude of the International Space Station, which circles the Earth at well over 200 miles. Any future passenger will have to be at least 18, of average height, and weigh between 110 and 223 pounds, according to Blue Origin's terms and conditions. Passengers will be able to watch the Earth disappear below out of six observation windows, each of which are nearly three times as tall as the ones on a Boeing 747 airliner. Blue Origin is putting safety up front, claiming on its website that it has had "15 successful consecutive missions [of the New Shepard and its redundant safety systems] including three successful escape tests, showing the crew escape system can activate safely in any phase of flight." The news comes after SpaceX made a big splash, announcing that three civilian passengers — including a former Space Camp counselor and a community college professor — will accompany billionaire and pilot Jared Isaacman on a free trip around the Earth inside its tried-and-true Crew Dragon spacecraft some time this fall. Relations between Blue Origin and SpaceX recently turned sour after Blue Origin filed a protest, contesting NASA's decision to award SpaceX — rather than Blue Origin — a $2.9 billion contract to develop a lunar landing system for the agency's Artemis program. NASA told SpaceX to cease all work on the lander contract over the weekend following Blue Origin and fellow contractor Dynetics' protest filings. In light of all that, Blue Origin has a lot to prove, especially now that it's inviting the public to go on a presumably expensive trip to space. The company has yet to launch any astronauts on board its New Shepard spacecraft. Whether it will be ready to ship astronauts, let alone members of the public, into space by July is anybody's guess. READ MORE: Blue Origin's first space tourism flight will be July 20 [Reuters] More on Blue Origin: In Stunning Reversal, NASA Halts $2.9 Billion Contract with SpaceX Share This Article 
Facebook's Oversight Board has officially decided to uphold the social media network's suspension of Donald Trump in a ruling today. The board was created in May 2020 to make decisions about speech and online safety independently of the company, including questions about "what to take down, what to leave up, and why," according to its official website. Following the January 6 riot of the Capitol building by Trump supporters, the Board found that the ex-president's posts had "severely violated" the platform's rules. "The Board found that, in maintaining an unfounded narrative of electoral fraud and persistent calls to action, Mr. Trump created an environment where a serious risk of violence was possible," reads the ruling. The judicial body, however, stopped short of endorsing a final and permanent suspension. "It is not permissible for Facebook to keep a user off the platform for an undefined period, with no criteria for when or whether the account will be restored," the board wrote. In other words, the Oversight Board will keep dragging its feet on the decision in the future. "As we stated in January, we believe our decision was necessary and right, and we’re pleased the board has recognized that the unprecedented circumstances justified the exceptional measure we took," Facebook's VP of global affairs and communication Nick Clegg wrote in a response to the ruling. "We will now consider the board’s decision and determine an action that is clear and proportionate," Clegg wrote. "In the meantime, Mr. Trump’s accounts remain suspended." The Board also recommended that Facebook "publicly explain the rules that it uses when it imposes account-level sanctions against influential users." In short, Trump remains banned from Facebook. For how long, however, is still uncertain as the Oversight Board, a body created to decide on what to allow on the platform, failed to make a final decision. In many ways, this is Facebook and its Oversight Board playing hot potato with a dangerous subject. As the Board recognized in its ruling today, political leaders with big sway can have a much higher chance of doing imminent harm. READ MORE: Oversight Board upholds Trump's Facebook suspension [Axios] More on Facebook: Facebook Is Giving a VR Headset to Every Employee Who Wants One Share This Article 
Earlier today, SpaceX and NASA successfully launched four astronauts into orbit on board a SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft. The launch went by without a hitch — but the crew of four did experience a scare while en route to the International Space Station when they were notified of a potential collision with an unidentified object. "The NASA/SpaceX team was informed of the possible conjunction by US Space Command," NASA spokesperson Kelly Humphries told Futurism. "The object being tracked is classified as 'unknown.'" There was no time, Humphries said, to perform an avoidance maneuver to get out of the way of the object. Instead, SpaceX advised that the astronauts put on their pressurized suits in case of a collision. "The possibility of the conjunction came so close to the closest approach time that there wasn’t time to compute and execute a debris avoidance maneuver with confidence, so the SpaceX team elected to have the crew don their pressure suits out of an abundance of caution," Humphries said. US Space Command spokesperson Erin Dick told Futurism that the Pentagon notified NASA of the potential collision at about 1:30pm EST today, about seven hours after the spacecraft launched. "After further analysis, the 18th Space Control Squadron quickly determined there was no conjunction threat, all aboard are safe and the spacecraft was not at risk," Dick said. Numerous questions remain. How big was the piece of space debris? And what was it? In hindsight, Humphries said, the object's closest approach was 45 kilometers from the spacecraft — not far in the grand scale of space, but close enough for concern. Humphries added that "there was no real danger to the crew or the spacecraft." Endeavour is scheduled to dock with the International Space Station tomorrow morning. Updated with comment from NASA and US Space Command. More on the launch: SpaceX Sends Four Astronauts Into Space On Reused Spacecraft Share This Article 
The British biotech company Oxitec is moving ahead with its controversial plan to release hundreds of millions of gene-hacked mosquitoes, an experimental new form of targeted pest control, in the Florida Keys. The goal is essentially to introduce a new genetically altered version of the Aedes aegypti mosquito — which can spread diseases like dengue and malaria — that can only hatch male, non-biting offspring, in order to gradually reduce the population. A connection that has gone mostly unremarked during the experiment's rollout is the involvement of Microsoft co-founder and public health philanthropist Bill Gates in the funding of the company, confirmed by Oxitec back in 2018, through the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Based on past reports, it seems that the Gates Foundation pledged about $4.1 million to Oxitec in 2018 to develop a new mosquito that would target malaria in the Americas, South Asia, and eastern Africa. Oxitec was also reportedly awarded $5 million for its Aedes mosquitoes — the kind set for release in Florida — through the Gates Foundation's Global Grand Challenges initiative in 2010. Meanwhile, Science Magazine reported in 2010 that the Gates Foundation had dished out $19.7 million for a project in which Oxitec took part. We've reached out to both Oxitec and the Gates Foundation for clarification about the relationship. Gates' involvement complicates the already much-criticized initiative. On the one hand, the experiment could lead to an extraordinary way to control disease, potentially saving hundreds of thousands of lives per year. But critics say it could fail, backfire, or open up the doors to more troubling applications of the technology. And the idea that one of the world's wealthiest people can help push through gene-editing experiments that are unleashed on the open ecosystem is, to say the least, a touchy subject. Eradicating malaria has long been high on the list of Gates' priorities. His philanthropic investment foundation has been pouring money into various fields like malaria vaccine research for years, and he's been pushing for the idea of using genetically modified mosquitoes to eliminate the disease since 2016. That's just one year after Oxitec finished its first mass mosquito release in Brazil. "Genetically-modified mosquitoes are showing promise in controlling other vector-borne diseases, so we look forward to exploring their use alongside complementary interventions for malaria," Gates Foundation malaria director Philip Welkhoff said in a press release at the time. Let's be clear. Gates has often been a magnet for totally unsubstantiated conspiracy theories, when in reality he's contributed billions to worthy causes during his second act as a philanthropist. But he's also sometimes been criticized for making poor public health calls, as when he recently argued that the US shouldn't share COVID-19 vaccine formulas with poorer countries. In this case of Florida, some aspects of the gene-edited mosquito release seem rushed, poorly communicated, and badly received by local residents. As Futurism previously reported, the mosquito release in Florida is fiercely opposed by a significant portion of the local community, as well as outside activists and experts — though many say that with better controls and more advance research, they'd be more open to the trial in their community. But for now, critics say there are scientific flaws with Oxitec's plan for the Florida release and insufficient safety testing. There's no independently-vetted evidence that the mosquitoes will actually reduce disease transmission in Florida or that they won't cause new problems of their own in the environment. Many in the community say they feel the experiment is being forced on them with no way to opt out other than packing up and leaving the area. "I find this criminal, that we are being bullied into this experiment," said one resident at a recent town council meeting. "I find it criminal that we are being subjected to this terrorism by our own Florida Keys Mosquito Control Board." READ MORE: Gates Foundation and Oxitec Fight Malaria with Genetically-Modified Mosquitoes [Labiotech] More on Oxitec: Residents Furious at Release of 500 Million Gene-Hacked Mosquitoes Share This Article 
China successfully launched the first base module of its space station earlier this week. But while the Long March 5B rocket — the largest in the country's growing fleet of launch vehicles — successfully made the drop-off, it's now likely to hurtle uncontrollably back down through the Earth's atmosphere, SpaceNews reports. The rocket used four boosters and a massive core stage to get the 22.5 metric-ton module into orbit, but as the core stage's orbit starts to decay, it will likely tumble and make an uncontrolled reentry some time in the upcoming weeks. It wouldn't be the first time, either. In May 2020, a Long March 5B rocket core sprayed large pieces of metal debris as it slammed into a small village on the Côte d’Ivoire in West Africa after a similarly uncontrolled reentry. Images showed massive pieces of metal recovered by locals. At the time, spaceflight observer Jonathan McDowell claimed it was the fourth most massive uncontrolled reentry ever. Unless it completely burns up in the atmosphere, an unlikely outcome, this latest Long March 5B core could become one of the largest pieces of debris that made such an uncontrolled reentry in history, according to SpaceNews. The danger is obvious: it could be a disaster if the core stage were to fall on an inhabited area. Not every core stage makes it all the way into orbit. Many are designed to reach high altitudes, deorbit themselves, and descend in pre-defined reentry zones. Experts were initially expecting the Long March 5B core stage to deorbit itself upon reaching space. But it never made such a maneuver. That means officials on the ground are now trying to get ahead of where the rocket will fall. It's a near impossible task, as it circles the Earth every 90 minutes. A few minutes could mean a change in reentry point of thousands of kilometers, according to SpaceNews. China isn't the only country that has had pieces of rocket make uncontrolled reentries. Most recently, a SpaceX Falcon 9 second stage fell from the sky, splashing into the Pacific Ocean. Fortunately, nobody was hurt — but event did end up putting on an amazing light show in the night sky above Seattle. READ MORE: Huge rocket looks set for uncontrolled reentry following Chinese space station launch [SpaceNews] More on the space station: China Releases Video of Space Station Module Entering Orbit Share This Article 
For much of the 20th century, astronomers believed that the expansion of the universe would eventually slow due to gravity. At some point, it would stop expanding altogether, before collapsing in on itself in a "big crunch." But since then, researchers have discovered that the universe instead appears to be expanding at an exponential rate due a mysterious force later named "dark energy," which also happens to make up roughly 68 percent of all the mass and energy in the universe. While the discovery was hailed as a historic breakthrough back in 1998, astronomers have struggled since then to definitively say what dark energy actually is. "Whenever astronomers say ‘dark,’ that means we don’t have any clue about it," said Donghui Jeong, astrophysics professor at Penn State University, in a statement. "Dark energy is just another way of saying that we don’t know what’s causing this accelerating expansion." Jeong and his colleagues are now hard at work trying to nail down the best candidates for what could actually explain dark energy. The HETDEX (Hobby-Eberly Telescope Dark Energy Experiment) is an extremely ambitious experiment that could offer us tantalizing clues about the nature of anything from dark matter — an equally mysterious form of matter that scientists believe slows down the expansion of the universe — to black holes and dark energy. "HETDEX is very ambitious," said astrophysics professor and the experiment's founding member Robin Ciardullo, in the statement. "It’s going to observe a million galaxies to map out the structure of the universe going over two-thirds of the way back to the beginning of time." "We’re the only ones going out that far to see the dark energy component of the universe and how it’s evolving," he added. The HETDEX telescope, a 10-meter dish, is aiming to pick up waves emanating from the big bang called baryonic acoustic oscillations. These waves aren't technically audible in the vacuum of space, but the distribution of primordial matter makes them visible. "The physics of sound waves is pretty well known," Ciardullo said. "You see how far these things have gone, you know how fast the sound waves have traveled, so you know the distance. You have a standard ruler on the universe, throughout cosmic history." Thanks to this ruler, the idea is that we'll be able to measure how the expansion of the universe has changed over time. The team behind HETDEX decided to cast its nest extremely wide, observing huge swathes of the night sky and not limiting its data collection on just one topic. But that also means we may have to wait a while until we find any definitive answers to the mysteries surrounding our ever-expanding universe — and its possible demise. "We’re definitely going to be blazing trails out there,” Ciardullo said. "There’s big, big potential for really exciting discoveries." READ MORE: Dark Energy Experiment 16 Years in the Making Could Illuminate Origin, Evolution, Fate of Universe [Penn State University] More on dark energy: Dark Energy, Thought to Comprise Most of the Universe, Might Be Totally Fake Share This Article 
NASA’s Parker Solar Probe came very close to Venus during its flyby in July 2020. In fact, after scientists sifted through all the invaluable data it collected during its trip, they found that the tiny probe actually made it inside of the far reaches of the hot planet's extremely dense atmosphere. The probe got so close — just 517 miles from the surface — that it picked up what appear to be natural radio emissions, as detailed in a paper published this week in the journal Geophysical Research Letters. The researchers are hoping to use the data to gain new insights into how Venus devolved into a swirling ball of hot gases, despite its similar size and structure to Earth. Its hostile environment makes it exceedingly difficult to study, making any glimpses we get even more exciting. The results of the new research show how the planet's atmosphere changes over the Sun's 11-year-long activity cycle. The Sun's magnetic field completely flips on its head every 11 years, causing its north and south poles to switch. The powerful activities on the Sun's surface also increase throughout the cycle, with effects being felt all the way back on Earth, including auroras or disruptions to radio communications. One of the Parker probe's scientific instruments, called FIELDS, picked up seven minutes worth of natural, low-frequency radio signals during its flyby of Venus' ionosphere, the region of a celestial object's upper atmosphere that gets ionized by the Sun's radiation. "I was just so excited to have new data from Venus," NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center's Glyn Gollison, lead author of the paper, said in a statement. "Then the next day, I woke up," he added. "And I thought, 'Oh my god, I know what this is!'" Gollison recognized the signals from the ones that were collected by NASA's Galileo orbiter, which flew by Jupiter and its moons and ended its mission back in 2003. The natural radio emissions from Venus were surprisingly similar to the signals detected as Galileo flew through the ionosphere of Jupiter's moons. Gollison and his team compared the emissions picked up by Parker last summer to the last available data on Venus' ionosphere — readings by NASA's Pioneer Venus Orbiter collected in 1992 almost 30 years ago. Back then, the Sun's solar cycle was at its maximum. Now, with the Parker Solar Probe's observations, we can compare the readings to just six months after the latest solar minimum, or the least active part of the solar cycle. The surprising conclusion: Venus' ionosphere thins out just as the solar cycle reaches its minimum, echoing the effect. "When multiple missions are confirming the same result, one after the other, that gives you a lot of confidence that the thinning is real," said Robin Ramstad, co-author and researcher at the Laboratory of Atmospheric and Space Physics at the University of Colorado, Boulder, in the statement. It's the culmination of decades of data collection. While Parker's primary objective is to get close to the Sun, its many flybys of the other planets in our Solar System show that there are plenty of mysteries to still be uncovered in the data it gathered. READ MORE: NASA’s Parker Solar Probe Discovers Natural Radio Emission in Venus’ Atmosphere [NASA] More on Venus: NASA Funds Spacecraft “Swarm” to Explore Venus Share This Article 
Imagine that you make a new friend on Twitter. Their pithy statements stop you mid-scroll, and pretty soon you find yourself sliding into their DMs. You exchange a few messages. You favorite each other’s tweets. If they need a hand on GoFundMe, you help out. Now imagine how you’d feel if you found out your friend didn’t really exist. Their profile turns out to be a Frankensteinian mashup of verbiage dreamed up by the powerful language generator GPT-3 and a face born from a generative adversarial network, perhaps with a deepfaked video clip thrown in here and there. How would it affect you to learn that you had become emotionally attached to an algorithm? And what if that “person” was designed to manipulate you, influencing your personal, financial, or political decisions like a garden-variety scammer or grifter? It might sound far-fetched, but people have been fooled by computers masquerading as human since as far back as 1966, when MIT computer scientist Joseph Weizenbaum created the ELIZA program. ELIZA was built to simulate a psychotherapist by parroting peoples’ statements back to them in the form of questions. Weizenbaum was unsettled by how seriously users reacted to it — famously, his secretary asked him to leave the room while she was talking to it — and he ultimately became a critic of artificial intelligence. Now, the tech is closer than ever to creating believable ersatz online people. Simon DeDeo, an assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon University and external faculty at the Santa Fe Institute, tweeted last summer that his “current nightmare application is blending GPT-3, facial GANs, and voice synthesis to make synthetic ELIZAs that drive vulnerable people (literally) crazy.” I recently asked DeDeo how far he thought we were from his nightmare becoming a technological reality. “I think it’s already happened,” he said. We spoke shortly after the internet had gone into a frenzy over a series of viral TikTok videos that appeared to show Tom Cruise doing random activities like magic tricks and golfing, but were really deepfakes made by a VFX specialist and a Cruise impersonator. The videos are impressive. But, like their creator, DeDeo doesn’t believe the Cruise fakes are a cause for alarm. Preventing the next fake celebrity TikTok video, he said, is not the concern we should focus on. Rather, he said, the Cruise deepfake “is revealing something that’s been sitting there for a long time.” He likened the coverage of the TikTok fakes to the way the media reacts to a plane crash, when driving is statistically much more dangerous. In the case of artificial intelligence, like transportation, certain dramatic events draw our attention, “but we’re actually surrounded by these much smaller scale, less salient events constantly.” In fact, he’s not terribly worried about videos at all. In his nightmare scenario, he’s much more concerned with how GPT-3 can be used to generate language that sounds realistic. “I can con you without needing to fake a video,” he said. “And the way I con you is not by tricking your visual system, which the video deepfakes do. I con you by tricking your rational system. I con you at a much higher level in your social cognition.” “Social” is the key word here, because the omnipresent, small-scale fakes DeDeo is talking about thrive on social media. In a way, that’s all social media is; DeDeo frequently referred to the interactions we have on sites like Facebook as “cyborgian.” Think about conspiracy theories like QAnon, which thrive on social media in a way they probably couldn’t in person. People who get sucked into these kinds of communities are constantly bolstered by likes and comments on their social media posts, even as they alienate their real-life friends and family, as in the case of Valerie Gilbert, a self-described QAnon “meme queen.” The internet users who form the QAnon community are, as far as we know, actual humans. But their actions are filtered through social media’s algorithms to make a community that isn’t quite organic, and which could allow dark new entities like DeDeo’s nightmare to thrive. “It’s like soylent green — QAnon is made of people,” DeDeo said. “But those bizarrely artificial societies are sustained by algorithms that fake sociality, that fake friendship, that fake prestige, that fake all of these things that are just kind of basic to our cognition.” And algorithms that reinforce potentially toxic or dangerous posts, like QAnon memes, aren’t likely to be changed by Facebook any time soon, because the increased engagement means people spend more time on the website. This artificial interaction isn’t limited to conspiracy theorists. Another example DeDeo pointed to is the odd behavior that can be observed among the users of small Twitter accounts when a tweet suddenly goes viral. You can watch a person be “literally driven temporarily insane by what’s happening to them,” he said, comparing it to a “deepfake experience of becoming emperor of the world.” These are some of the more visible examples, but the cyborgian nature of social media is something that affects every user. Scrolling through your timeline is engaging with an algorithm; the updates you see are a constructed reality. Sure, there are humans behind the accounts, but the nature of your interaction with them has been intrinsically changed by a computer. “It’s like everybody’s voices coming out slightly distorted and at slightly the wrong volume,” said DeDeo. “The Facebook account attached to your friend from high school?” he asked. “In one sense, your friend from high school’s operating that account, but in another really important sense he’s not. Because by what Facebook chooses to show you of him, the interactions it chooses to show you that it has, and the one that it chooses to magnify or diminish, create a totally different person.” This may sound relatively harmless. So what if Facebook is highlighting and promoting some detail of your friend’s life that you never have noticed or discussed in a personal interaction? But it’s the phenomenon’s very innocuousness, according to DeDeo, that makes it dangerous. Marketers talk about the phenomenon of social proof, in which humans will be more likely to do something or buy a product if they see that their social circle also does that thing or uses that product. The curation of social media content, possibly with a few small tweaks or additions here and there, could enable organizations to easily prey on that part of our psychology and influence our behavior. A person’s social media could be altered to cause them to think doing something is a normal thing, a good thing, or a smart thing. “The person who’s trying to profit doesn’t have to make this truly pure thing where Tom Cruise says something he would never possibly say,” explained DeDeo. “The profitable version is cyborgian in the sense that, huh, it kind of looks like what my friend would say. In fact, it’s pretty close. And in fact most of what that thing just fed me is what he said.” This kind of cyborgian deepfake isn’t necessarily limited to text posts. What if Facebook, for example, put in fake likes or hearts? “Almost certainly they’ve tried it,” DeDeo said. “There’s no guarantee that if somebody hits the like button they’ll see it, and there’s no guarantee that if the like button is activated by a person that that person really truly activated it.” In addition to enabling manipulation of social media users, it’s easy to see how these kinds of fakes could lead people to doubt reality — in fact, this has already happened and has been a concern of people following AI development for years. Another major malicious use of this technology — and one that’s vastly underreported compared to the hypothetical political impact of deepfakes — is harassing and demeaning women. Fake pornography of celebrities is prolific, but deepfake porn of regular people is also a massive problem. A visual threat intelligence company called Sensity discovered a porn bot embedded in the messaging app Telegram that allowed users to create deepfake nudes of women from just one profile picture; by the time it was discovered in late 2020, the bot had been used to generate fake porn of 680,000 women. Vox reported on a 2019 study that showed a stunning 96 percent of existing deepfake videos were pornographic and nonconsensual. An AI app that has since been taken offline allowed users to “undress” women. And in March, the mother of a teenage cheerleader was charged with harassment for creating incriminating deepfake images of other girls in the cheerleading program, including nude photos, and telling them to die by suicide. So what now? How do we learn to recognize and discount deepfakes but keep a grasp on reality? This is a big question in social science, said DeDeo, who believes it boils down to a notion of civics. He recalls being taught in school which institutions to trust and how to be a good consumer of news media. “But we have no modern-day civics that helps, say, a 15- or 16- or 17-year-old reason about this crazy world,” he said. “The landscape is totally different.” “What kind of curriculum would you develop to help people be adults?” DeDeo wondered. He mentioned the cyborgian deepfakes again, lamenting that people are vulnerable to them because they hijack parts of our reasoning that are actually good in many situations. “Trusting a person to tell you the truth, saying ‘Oh, I don’t quite understand this, I should figure this out’...  those are great instincts, in certain contexts. But those instincts could lead you to treat a GPT-3 online date as if they’re a human being.” I asked if he was advocating for a kind of new civics education in our K-12 curriculum, and while he said that would be ideal, DeDeo added that “we as adults don’t even know what the hell is going on, either.” “There are no adults in the room,” he said. “So I think the conversation is partly, ‘What do we teach a 12-year-old?’, but it’s also a philosophical problem for 21-year-olds and 31-year-olds and 41-year-olds.” But DeDeo is optimistic about solving that problem, pointing to the success of the university system and comparing the internet to “a gigantic, anarchic community college.” “Universities work; they really help people think better” and enable science and philosophy to thrive, he argued. One thing that enables their success is the idea of membership and belonging, and that being a member of the system requires you to submit to certain obligations — for example, epistemic humility, which requires you to go through the peer review process “even if you really, really think you’re right.” “The thing we know doesn’t work is Facebook,” he said, describing it as “this kind of massively authoritarian state where you have no sort of freedom of assembly within it. So it’s probably too large and the whole thing is designed to prevent people from self-governing.” Twitter, he said, is “a little bit better.” But for some of the best examples, DeDeo suggests looking at Reddit and Wikipedia. “Reddit enables a great deal of institution building within a subreddit. There’s very creative stuff that happens.” And, he added, Reddit is surviving, even thriving; its growth hasn’t leveled off. Wikipedia, at least early on, was also “a great example of a community creating institutional structures that enabled it to thrive.” These institutions help detect fake content because gaining social status on Wikipedia or a subreddit is “like the world’s greatest CAPTCHA,” explained DeDeo. “You have to do things that are so fundamentally human.” Something like this played out on Twitter recently, when a flood of apparently fake Amazon employee accounts were created and began tweeting praise of Amazon and making anti-union comments. Twitter users quickly caught on to telltale signs of computer-generated faces, such strange effects around a person’s hair or glasses that had frames with an inconsistent style. Many at first assumed the accounts were created by Amazon, but more investigation shed doubt on that, and Amazon told a The New York Times reporter that it was not affiliated with the accounts. The accounts have since been suspended by Twitter for misleading information about the identity of the account holders. Amid all the concerns about the problems that this technology could cause, DeDeo said he sees at least one upside: a more critical examination of human-generated content that, like bot-generated content, has no real depth. “There’s a lot of not-thinking that human beings do,” said DeDeo, who, as a professor, has read his share of formulaic essays. “There’s a lot of things people say that sound smart but actually have zero content. There’s a lot of articles that people write that are meaningless. GPT-3 can imitate those to perfection.” By exposing that, he said, clever algorithms like GPT-3 “makes us aware of the extent to which things that look like there’s a brain behind them have no brain. It disenchants us.” As machines learn to do more things, in other words, it forces us to do some deep thinking about what makes us different — what makes us human. We might think, “‘Well, this is this awful dystopia where machines can write ad copy,’” said DeDeo. “Well, maybe it turns out that writing ad copy is not what it means to be human.” More on AI: You Have No Idea What Artificial Intelligence Really Does Share This Article 
There's nothing quite as draining as a stressful, sleepless night. Around 70-percent of Americans say they struggle to fall asleep and stay asleep at least one night a month. But when sleepless nights continue night after night, it can start to affect your mental and physical game. In fact, sleep loss can lead to a variety of health issues including increased risk for obesity, type 2 diabetes, and heart disease. So if you're tired of feeling too stressed out and exhausted to perform at your best, you need to know about a cutting-edge tool called NuCalm that helps reduce stress and induce sleep without the use of drugs. NuCalm is the world’s only patented neuroscience technology clinically proven to reduce stress and improve sleep quality – without drugs. Once administered, NuCalm naturally relaxes the brain and body within minutes with patented technology that neutralizes the brain circuitry responsible for activating the stress response. It's administered in seconds, takes effect in minutes, and provides benefits that can last for hours. The high-tech age we live in demands high-tech stress relief. Other methods are unnatural, time-consuming, and unreliable. But NuCalm‘s patented, clinically proven solution relaxes users without drugs, without delay, and without fail. It’s stress relief for the way we live today – technology to help you disconnect when you want and without any effort on your part. With NuCalm you'll get deeper, more restorative sleep. You'll also fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. All without the aid of drugs and their side effects. It all starts by placing the NuCalm Disc on the inside of your left wrist on the Pericardium 6 acupressure point. The Disc sends signals to activate your brain’s natural relaxation system by interrupting your adrenaline response. Once this is done, open the NuCalm app, which delivers specific frequencies to slow brain wave function to levels required for optimal relaxation and recovery. Finally, put your headphones on, pull down your NuCalm eye mask, and begin your NuCalm journey for rest and relaxation. NuCalm offers three distinct packages for people looking to fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. Try out NuCalm 10 as part of your weekly routine with 10 sessions per month. Your NuCalm 10 subscription includes NuCalm Neuroacoustic Software, a Premium Eye Mask, and 10 Biosignal Discs (per month). If you think you'll need a little more help, make NuCalm the center of your stress reduction with 20 sessions per month.  Your NuCalm 20 subscription includes NuCalm Neuroacoustic Software, the Premium Eye Mask, and 20 Biosignal Discs (per month). Finally, there's the NuCalm 30 subscription, which will ensure rested sleep and a still mind all month long. It includes the NuCalm Neuroacoustic Software, the Premium Eye Mask, and 30 Biosignal Discs (per month). Right now NuCalm is offering 50-percent off your first month, or two months free with an annual subscription. And if you're not satisfied, NuCalm comes with a money-back guarantee. So what are you waiting for? Start your NuCalm program today, and fall asleep with ease. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Artificial intelligence is becoming so commonplace, it might soon replace CEOs. Yet we're only at the beginning of how data management, machine learning, and coding can change the world. If you want to catch up to this rapidly changing industry, the pay-what-you-want bundle on AI and Python development ebooks by Mercury Learning can help you quickly get up to speed. Mercury Learning is one of the top ebook publishers in the STEM space, with the goal of getting vital information to those who need it quickly, effectively, and efficiently, from both top educators and experienced professionals. This collection starts with the basics of Python — for those new to either the language or just starting in programming — and then builds on those lessons with books on game design, machine learning tools such as TensorFlow, and artificial intelligence from the basics to complex applications. The books include videos, source code, and project tools so you can teach yourself at your own pace and dig into how the code functions. The pay-what-you-want model creates a crowd-driven discount. As more and more coders and future IT pros decide what they want to pay for the ebook collection, the average of those purchases is tracked with the top buyers ranked on a leaderboard. You can pay any amount and receive a portion of the books from the bundle. If you pay more than the current average price, the whole bundle is yours. And if you put yourself at the top of the leaderboard, even only for a moment, you're automatically entered to win in the epic giveaway that runs when the leaderboards close. Whether you're looking for a new career, or need a well-stocked digital library at your fingertips for a more complex AI project, you can save up to 99% on $554 worth of reference works and educational tools. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Artificial intelligence is everywhere and at its most advanced when dealing with visuals. AI is reanimating the past, spotting cancers, and achieving much, much more with images than we ever thought possible. And for DJs, musicians, streamers, and other performance artists, not to mention those nostalgic for Winamp's trippy visualization tools, it's changing the visual side of DJing thanks to the AI-powered music visualization software SYQEL. SYQEL grew out of what the team of experienced DJs and coders behind it saw as a growing need for DJs at all scales to create custom visuals without needing another piece of expensive gear to configure. As a result, it's built to be easy to use with no learning curve. All you need is two minutes to configure it, and you're up and running. It's designed to work on any device for both users and spectators, with easy optimization tools to adapt your visuals to event spaces, online streams, social media feeds, and any other space you perform or chill in. With desktop apps, you won't even need an internet connection. Just connect an audio source, whether it's directly from your mixer or from a streaming URL, press start, and the AI tools will do the rest, even scaling the visualization to the appropriate resolution. Put it in the background of your stream to create a dynamic visual, or use it as a foreground to create an atmosphere for your audience. With over 5,000 2D visuals to seed as starting points, you'll be able to create a wide variety of moods to suit any playlist. A lifetime subscription to SYQEL includes advanced mic and desktop audio visualizations, visualized radio, a streaming URL, and a personalized visual feed. Normally, it'd cost $150, but you can currently get a lifetime of visualizations for just $49.99, 66% off the MSRP. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As rising global temperatures eat away at the planet's glaciers, rivers are physically changing their course. The resulting "river piracy," as it's called, risks leaving communities and natural ecosystems without the sources of water they rely on, according to The Guardian. And while most instances of river piracy are expected to be mild — a bend here or a slight diversion there — new research published in the journal Geomorphology could cause serious harm to Alaska's already fragile ecosystems, and drastically alter human water use. The first modern case of river piracy happened in 2016, when the Kaskawulsh glacier — Canada's largest — melted so rapidly that the river it fed reshaped itself thousands of miles off course from its original endpoint in the Bering Sea. And as climate change worsens, The Guardian reports, river piracy will only get worse. "Glaciers by and large around the world are retreating," University of Calgary geoscientist Dan Shugar told The Guardian. "That enhanced retreat that we’re seeing now, we know unequivocally, that is due to climate change." Now, the National Park Service geologists behind the new paper predict that Alaska's Alsek river, fed by the rapidly-vanishing Grand Plateau glacier, is going to spend the next few decades drifting miles off course, leaving behind the local communities that rely on it. "It's going to be complicated,” lead researcher Michael Loso told The Guardian. "It's going to involve a combination of people who use that area changing their expectations and their plans and their patterns of behavior to accommodate the river not being there." READ MORE: Receding glaciers causing rivers to suddenly disappear [The Guardian] More on river piracy: Climate Change Causes Immense Canadian River to Dry Up In Just Four Days Share This Article 
A massive asteroid struck eastern Europe, triggering a crisis of historical proportions. Fortunately, the asteroid was purely fictional. The space rock was invented by a team of experts at NASA to evaluate whether we're ready to divert such an impact as part of an exercise last month. Their unfortunate conclusion: the technologies capable of diverting such a space rock simply don't exist yet, as Insider reports. As part of the 2021 Planetary Defense Conference Hypothetical Asteroid Impact Tabletop Exercise, put on by NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab last week, experts came up with 2021PDC, a fictitious asteroid, that was threatening to strike the Earth in a matter of months. The simulation asked several emergency response teams from both the US and Europe to come up with solutions. As more and more information was made available about 2021PDC's trajectory, size, and expected impact region, experts struggled to find realistic courses of action. "If confronted with the 2021PDC hypothetical scenario in real life we would not be able us to launch any spacecraft on such short notice with current capabilities," participants concluded, according to official documentation. They did have one ace up their sleeve: a nuclear bomb in space. "Deploying a nuclear disruption mission could significantly reduce the risk of impact damage," they added. Luckily, the space rock was eventually found to be much smaller than initially thought — yet it had a 99 percent probability of impacting with a region bordered by the Czech Republic, Austria, and Germany. The scenario participants' pragmatic solution: evacuate the area immediately. "Each time we participate in an exercise of this nature, we learn more about who the key players are in a disaster event, and who needs to know what information, and when," Lindley Johnson, NASA’s Planetary Defense Officer, said in a JPL statement. "These exercises ultimately help the planetary defense community communicate with each other and with our governments to ensure we are all coordinated should a potential impact threat be identified in the future," he added. There have been a small number of close(ish) calls of asteroids that zipped by Earth too close for comfort. Most recently, Comet C/2020 F3 — better known as NEOWISE, for the Near Earth Object Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer telescope that first discovered it — came so close last July that it was visible to the naked eye. NEOWISE, a three miles across chunk of space ice, appeared as a dazzlingly bright streak in the night sky, as it passed by Earth within just 64 million miles of Earth. If it had impacted the planet, the results would have been catastrophic. Other space rocks made it even closer. A meteor about 65 feet in diameter exploded over Chelyabink, Russia, in 2013, injuring 1,400 people. Last month's exercise, however could lay the groundwork for something far more tangible. In the near future, NASA will attempt to deflect an asteroid in real life. As soon as 2022, the agency is hoping to launch its Double Asteroid Redirection Test (DART) mission, a small spacecraft that's meant to impact with asteroid Dimorphos sometime in late 2022 to change its orbit. "While the asteroid DART impacts poses no threat to Earth, it is in a perfect location for us to perform this test of the technology before it may actually be needed," Andrea Riley, program executive for DART at NASA, said in the statement. READ MORE: In a NASA simulation of an asteroid impact, scientists concluded they couldn't stop a space rock from decimating Europe [Insider] More on asteroids: Scientists Believe They Found a Chunk of an Ancient Planet in Africa Share This Article 
While there was a wide range of reactions to the announcement that Elon Musk was going to host an episode of "Saturday Night Live," perhaps some of the more interesting responses came from the cast members of the show themselves.  After all, the show’s hosting duties are typically given to athletes, film and TV stars, and politicians — not meme-ified billionaires. So it was bound to garner some strong reactions. Cast member Bowen Yang doesn’t seem to pleased with the Tesla CEO playing host writing "what the fuck does this even mean" in response to Elon’s cryptic "Let’s find out just how live Saturday Night Live really is" tweet.  dying at bowen yang's instagram stories after snl announced elon musk is hosting pic.twitter.com/6VVQ47frkR — megan (@chaoticmlkhotel) April 25, 2021  Fellow cast member Aidy Bryant took a more subtle route with her criticism. Shortly after Musk’s hosting duties were announced, Bryant took to her own Instagram to post a quote from Sen. Bernie Sanders that criticized the fact that the "50 wealthiest people in America today own more wealth than the bottom half of our people." the absolute shade from Aidy Bryant after announcing that @nbcsnl will have Elon Musk as host. good for her pic.twitter.com/G1K4R0sNEq — abby (@abbymorr11) April 24, 2021  SNL writer and featured player Andrew Dismuke posted an image of former SNL cast member Cherie Oteri to his Instagram Story with the words "Only CEO I wanna do sketch with is Cher-E Oteri." Cast member Chris Red also poked fun at Musk’s recent attempts at crowd sourcing some truly terrible sketch ideas. First I’d call Em sketches 😂 https://t.co/37liDrKYjo — Chris Redd (@Reddsaidit) May 2, 2021  Despite the shade throwing, SNL cast members aren’t required to participate in the Musk episode if they don’t want to. Or at least that’s what an anonymous source who works with SNL told Page Six.  "Speaking historically, if a cast member has been that unhappy, they don’t have to do it," the source said to Page Six. "[SNL’s boss Lorne Michaels] won’t ever make them do anything they don’t want to do." Musk’s episode is set to air on May 8. Until then, you still have time to potentially see your own sketch ideas produced by replying to this thread of crowdsourced sketches. Throwing out some skit ideas for SNL. What should I do? — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 1, 2021  Unfortunately, we all know they won’t take the actual good ideas.  Maybe a skit about that cave diver — lofi jon beats to study/relax to (@Jon_Christian) May 1, 2021  READ MORE: 'Saturday Night Live' Cast Member Chris Redd Drags Elon Musk Before His Big Hosting Debut [Huff Post] More on Musk and SNL: Elon Musk is Hosting "Saturday Night Live" Share This Article 
One of the quiet tech revolutions that tends to go unnoticed is the plunging cost and improving the quality of imaging tools. Where before small, powerful cameras were expensive and limited to specific applications, now tools like the Bebird N3 can put a camera where you most need it, to monitor clearing our ears and maintaining our health. Bebird was founded to make the otoscope accessible to everyone. Also called an auriscope, they're used whenever a doctor checks your ears. The Bebird team has been pairing modern imaging technology with top-of-the-line tech and apps since 2018 to make cleaning your ears and monitoring the health of your ear canal simpler and safer while giving people with ear concerns accessible tools to share images and videos of potential problems with their doctor. Rated 4.2 out of 5 stars on Amazon, the N3 combines cutting-edge imaging tools with robotics to help you keep your ears clean. The ten million pixels, 3.7mm lens, and bright shadowless LED light pair with the robotic arm technology and Bebird app to make it easier to see what's going on inside your ear canal and take clear photos and video. The 360° angle detection and six-axis gyroscope help you keep the tweezers and rod steady and away from the canal walls. It's also designed for maximum comfort and ease of use, in-ear and out. The twelve soft silicone tips that come with it store in the base and have different sizes for different ear canals. The handle has a non-slip finish, so you won't lose your grip during a delicate cleaning. And the 300mAh battery holds a charge for a month, allowing up to an hour of cleaning time. There's even a high-speed Wi-Fi chip built-in so that you can connect to the app and get cleaning immediately. Normally the Bebird N3 is $139, yet right now it's $76.95, 44% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The pandemic has made getting a perfect craft cocktail a true labor of love. Either you have to get in the car to pick up a premade drink that isn't designed for travel, or worse, you'll have to make them yourself. Between have to choose between ending up with a watered-down drink or having your kitchen look like an abomination, you're going to end up just drinking a vodka soda. But instead of giving up the dream, start drinking the perfect craft cocktails at home with DRNXMYTH. DRNXMYTH drinks exist thanks to a passion for the craft of mixology. That's because the DRNXMYTH team knows the key to creating perfect craft cocktails is fresh ingredients. They developed a unique patent-pending technology and manufacturing approach that yields the freshest bottled cocktails the world has ever seen. These truly fresh ingredients stay fresh thanks to a cutting-edge technology that keeps top-shelf spirits and never heated fresh ingredients from mixing until you're ready to drink. That way each DRNXMYTH cocktail is made fresh whenever you decide it's happy hour. The entire DRNXMYTH process is designed to result in the freshest tasting craft cocktail you can get in a bottle, and it all starts with fresh ingredients harvested from across California which are batched and mixed the same day. To ensure maximum freshness in every drink, they never heat these ingredients and never use artificial ingredients. Next, they fill the bottom chamber of each bottle with the fresh fruit juice mix. The mixology approach requires that the fresh ingredients remain separate from the spirits until the moment of consumption. Part of what makes DRNXMYTH revolutionary are the bottles. Each of their bottles has two chambers. The bottom chamber contains all of the fresh ingredients. It gets filled and capped, then cold pressurized at 85,000 pounds per square inch. This pressure inactivates microbes and allows for five months of refrigerated shelf life. After the fresh juice is batched and filled and pressurized, the tops get pressed on via pneumatic press and off they go to the liquor filling line. Once the stops are assembled, they fill the remainder of the bottle with 2.7 ounces of spirits made by regional and local artisan distillers.  The final part of the process includes taking the finished drinks and storing them in our HAACP certified facility at 41 degrees. From manufacturing to storage and delivery to you, the cocktails stay fresh and chilled. The Full Bar is DRNXMYTH's ready-to-drink cocktail drink set. It's the perfect chance to try 10 of their most popular award-winning fresh craft cocktails. This includes the Maple Apple Toddy, Bourbon Sour, Strawberry Mojito, Classic Margarita, Apricot Rye Smash, Ginger Drop, Peach Inferno, Tequila Sunrise, Eastside, and Rum Punch.  All you have to do is add them to your cart and check out, and DRNXMYTH will deliver them cold to your door. So if you want the perfect craft cocktail without even having to leave your home, start with DRNXMYTH's The Full Bar. You'll won't believe it's a pre-made drink. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While AIs have writing boring books all sewn up, we're counting on the humans to create the stories that transport us to new worlds, educate us about this one, and draw us more into the world around us. Yet much of writing doesn't involve putting words to paper, and that project management can trip up even the best writers. Scrivener 3 for Mac is designed to handle all the other tasks around writing, so you can focus on the words. Scrivener 3 serves as a project management tool for writers built around a "ring binder" metaphor. You simply gather your research, notes, scraps of text, and other materials on different tabs and flick through them as you write, making it easy to check facts and keep your timeline and data consistent. You can easily import your work from Word and OpenOffice for easier organization, with Scrivenings mode to help you consolidate the different scraps and passages of your writing into a consistent document. For the forgetful, projects are auto-saved and backed up whenever you open or close a project, ensuring your work stays on your drive. Also included are project management tools to help you stay on track. The outliner helps you put together the overall spine of your project, moving from point to point and ensuring a clear flow to your work. The corkboard makes it easy to pin, rearrange, and reconsider your work. And, of course, all of this is done in a full-featured and intuitive text editor. All of these features make Scrivener what TheWriteLife.com calls "one of the most used — and most copied! — writing programs on the market." Whether you're working on the next great novel or just want to ensure your reports at work are the best you can write, Scrivener 3 for Mac gives you the tools to help. It's usually priced at $49, but right now, you can download it for $29.99, 38% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cigarette smoking used to be a near-ubiquitous hobby. But over the past few decades, its popularity is cratered. The public, it seems, has finally caught on to the terrible health risks associated with tobacco cigarettes. But there are still many smokers out there who are struggling to quit. Luckily, there’s a new way to try to beat an old habit: Oklahoma Smokes hemp flower cigarettes. Oklahoma Smokes are, to all outward appearances, regular cigarettes. But they contain no tobacco or nicotine, and are instead made and rolled with all-natural, indoor grown hemp flower. And they are every bit as satisfying to smoke as regular cigarettes, but without the nicotine. As most cigarette smokers will tell you, the hardest part of giving up smoking, aside from the nicotine cravings, is not knowing what to do with their hands. This is related to the physical ritual of smoking, which can be a big obstacle towards eventually quitting. But with Oklahoma Smokes, you can continue to enjoy your after dinner (or after anything) cigarette without ingesting nicotine or any of the other harmful additives found in traditional tobacco cigarettes. This allows you to phase out tobacco and nicotine before you phase out smoking altogether.  Best of all, Oklahoma Smokes have been shown to be helpful  for quitting smoking when used in conjunction with other quitting aids like patches or gum. The research shows that Oklahoma Smokes are an effective way to help you quit smoking, but you’ll have to discover how satisfying and pleasurable they are to smoke on your own. The only real difference in how they smoke is in their environmentally-friendly paper, which burns a bit faster than the paper used in traditional cigarettes. By smoking hemp flower instead of tobacco, you’ll find a pleasurable smoke that will help rather than hinder your attempt to give up your cigarette habit. They’re engineered to look, feel, and smoke just like traditional cigs, only without tobacco. And thanks to the hemp flower’s strong concentration of CBD, you’ll find yourself feeling calm and relaxed after every smoke. If you’re a diehard cigarette smoker who’s tried everything but can’t seem to shake the habit, Oklahoma Smokes are a great way to quit tobacco before you quitting smoking altogether. So if you’re ready to quit smoking tobacco, but you’re not ready (or not able) to go cold turkey, Oklahoma Smokes are a perfect, non-habit-forming solution. A pack will cost $15.99, but you can save more by buying more, either with a regular subscription or a larger quantity, or both. So head over to the Oklahoma Smokes online store and stock up now. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has taken to Twitter to come clean about self driving tech. But instead of putting the spotlight on the tech's immense engineering challenges, Musk is pointing the finger at, well, humanity as a whole. "A major part of real-world AI has to be solved to make unsupervised, generalized full self-driving work, as the entire road system is designed for biological neural nets with optical imagers," the mercurial CEO tweeted on Thursday. Put in simple terms, he's saying, self-driving cars are hard because they share the road with unpredictable human brains and fallible human eyes. In some ways, Gizmodo was quick to point out, that's an incredibly obvious conclusion. Sure, given the absence of us meat bags, self-driving cars would have an easy time staying in lines, making lane changes, and generally getting along with each other. But the reality is that for the time being, the roadways are still going to be clogged up with flawed human motorists. In fact, as a fatal crash near Houston this month illustrated vividly, many of Tesla's customers are already under the impression we are living inside of Musk's futuristic vision. First responders say that the crash, involving a 2019 Tesla Model S, occurred with neither of the two occupants sitting in the driver's seat. But Tesla's vice president of vehicle engineering Lars Moravy's investigation ended with the opposite conclusion: a reportedly dented steering wheel was evidence somebody was in fact in the driver's seat. While we may never get behind the truth of what exactly happened leading up to the crash, there have been several other instances in recent memory that demonstrate the terms "Autopilot" and particularly "Full Self-Driving" (FSD) — an optional $10,000 add-on that enhances the self-driving experience, but doesn't actually allow the cars to drive themselves — are giving drivers a dangerously false sense of security. Several drivers have been caught sleeping at the wheel while the Autopilot system was engaged. One driver even tricked the car into registering somebody in the driver's seat — something that's still trivially easy, as Consumer Reports confirmed last week — and showboated on social media by making a bed in the rear seat to appear as if they were sleeping. Granted, the number of crashes involving Autopilot are minimal compared to the millions of miles being driven on Autopilot. According to Tesla's latest safety report, the company logged only a single crash for every 4.19 million miles driven with the feature turned on. But that doesn't change the simple matter of fact: in 2021, Teslas cannot drive themselves. It's a message that hasn't quite hit home for many, as these collisions and stunts demonstrate. Rather than owning up to Tesla's freewheeling approach to advertising its self-driving tech, Musk is steadfast in his belief that Teslas are better drivers than their occupants. "Anyone paying attention to the rate of improvement will realize that Tesla Autopilot/FSD is already superhuman for highway driving," the billionaire tweeted, "and swiftly getting there for city streets." Musk is very aware of the difficulties involved. Getting self-driving cars to behave in predictable ways and co-exist with human drivers on the road, as he acknowledged this week. And while we have seen leaps in the development of self-driving technologies, we're starting to see what happens when promises start to outpace reality. As far as current roadways are concerned, there won't be a large reset overnight in which all human drivers are replaced with AIs — even if that's an event we would all benefit from. That means immense care must be taken while we acclimatize to a future where cars do most, but not all, driving on our behalf. While Tesla is arguably a pioneer in the field, it's being led by a CEO who is dreaming of a distant future — but not living in one. READ MORE: Elon Musk Shares Painfully Obvious Idea About the Difficulty of Self-Driving Cars [Gizmodo] More on Tesla: Senator Slams Musk for Talking About Deadly Tesla Crash Share This Article 
According to a new report by the Washington State Department of Ecology, a massive underground radioactive chemical storage tank in the state is leaking hundreds of thousands of gallons of nuclear waste into the ground nearby. That's bad news, reigniting fears that the waste may end up in the Columbia River, one of the largest rivers in the United States and which runs only ten miles from the site — and that latest sign that nuclear facilities can cause grave environmental risks for extremely extremely long periods of time. The storage tank, located within the Hanford Site, a decommissioned complex in Washington state that made plutonium for nuclear weapons during World War II, holds 123,000 gallons of leftover waste. Some of this radioactive and chemical waste has been leaking into the ground at a rate of roughly 3.5 gallons a day, contaminating both land and groundwater sources, according to the Department. Other tanks in the area have already leaked an estimated 200,000 gallons of radioactive waste, according to CBS News. Experts, however, believe the reality could actually be much worse. "This leak is adding to the estimated one million gallons of tank waste already in the soil across the Hanford site," Washington State Department of Ecology director Laura Watson said in a statement. "This highlights the critical need for resources to address Hanford’s aging tanks, which will continue to fail and leak over time," she added. According to CBS, more than 67 tanks at the site are suspected to be leaking or have already leaked. Since the late 1980s, workers have actively been trying to clean up, treat, and dispose of the waste to reduce the threat it poses, a collaborative effort established under the Tri-Party Agreement between the Washington State Department of Ecology, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Department of Energy. Yet roughly 60 square miles of groundwater remain contaminated well above federal standards, according to the Department of Ecology. The site still contains "some of the nation's most complicated nuclear and mixed dangerous waste, which must be cleaned up." As of right now, "the leak poses no immediate increased risk to workers or the public, but it adds to the ongoing environmental threat at Hanford," Watson told CBS News. The three agencies are now trying to come to an agreement as to what action to take — but time appears to be running out. READ MORE: An underground tank in Washington is leaking gallons of radioactive chemical waste [CBS News] More on radioactive waste:  Japan Says Sorry, But It Has to Dump This Radioactive Water Into the Ocean Share This Article 
The village of Islamorada is a 20-mile stretch of islands in the Florida Keys, so narrow you can often see the ocean on both sides and dotted with beaches, resorts, condos, shops, residential neighborhoods, a Starbucks, and a Burger King. On a Friday afternoon in March, an Islamorada resident named Virginia Donaldson told Futurism that two men in uniforms walked up to her house, said they worked for "mosquito control," and asked her to participate in a new pest control program. Donaldson was in a hurry, so she says she signed their clipboard and watched as they hung a small, black mosquito capture cup from a tree in her yard. "I don't even know what I signed. I just signed my name," she said. "I was like 'Oh, mosquito control, yeah whatever.'" Without realizing it, Donaldson had agreed to participate in a genetics experiment during which a British biotech company called Oxitec will release half a billion gene-hacked mosquitoes, engineered to kill off the local bloodsucker population along a lengthy swathe of the Florida Keys. Breeding and unleashing clouds of genetically engineered bugs sounds like science fiction, but it's already happening. Locally, some love the idea and others hate it — a fight which has turned ugly, with some residents even threatening to destroy Oxitec's equipment. Supporters say it's a new way to rid the area of annoying, disease-spreading mosquitoes. But opponents are furious about what they describe as a biotech company coming in and strongarming their community into serving as a petri dish for a poorly vetted gene-hacking experiment. "I find this criminal, that we are being bullied into this experiment," Florida Keys resident Meagan Hull said at a heated town council meeting in March. "I find it criminal that we are being subjected to this terrorism by our own Florida Keys Mosquito Control Board." "We have everything to risk, nothing to gain, and it's all for Oxitec's bottom line," she added. Oxitec, with the cooperation of the Environmental Protection Agency and local governments, plans to release 500 million mosquitoes, into each of which its scientists have inserted a gene called OX5034. After a years-long process, the EPA approved Oxitec's plan in May 2020 through an Experimental Use Permit (EUP), a special authorization that allows companies to field test new pesticides. Oxitec says the mosquitoes, all males — which don't bite humans — will then breed with wild females, which do bite. But they'll pass on the OX5034 gene, a hereditary payload that prevents any female offspring from reaching adulthood. The theory is that the more the gene-hacked mosquitoes and their descendants reproduce, the fewer biting female mosquitoes there will be in the area. This real-world experiment, which is scheduled to begin imminently, will target the mosquito species Aedes aegypti. These bugs only make up two to four percent of the mosquito population in the Florida Keys, but they're associated with nearly all cases of mosquito-borne illnesses. Oxitec says the trial could help stop the spread of insect-borne diseases that affect humans, like dengue and Zika, by preventing the bugs that carry them from surviving. If the experiment works, it could represent an extremely targeted way to kill off pests without dangerous chemical insecticides. That would mean less hazardous runoff, less damage to local insects like bees and butterflies, and less biodiversity loss and environmental damage. However, even though Oxitec sold the experiment to the community as a way to avoid spraying chemical pesticides — and repeated the same talking point to Futurism — the Florida Keys Mosquito Control Board has no plan whatsoever to reduce its overall chemical pesticide usage. Even if the experiment is a resounding success, the community will still need to spray just as much as ever in order to control the myriad other mosquito species in the area that won't be affected by Oxitec's gene-hacked bugs at all. "I really tried to be on the side of 'Yes let's do this,'" said one Islamorada resident at the March town council meeting. "The more questions I ask, there are no answers, and I just get more questions and more questions." Critics fear that the engineered mosquito and the wild population will create genetic hybrids, but Oxitec says the trial runs no danger of permanently altering the wider mosquito population. The mosquitoes released as part of the experiment will carry two copies of the gene, but because they're mating with females in the wild, their offspring only get one. That means fewer and fewer will carry the OX5034 trait until it gets filtered out of the wild altogether. Oxitec plans to monitor the Aedes aegypti population using collection cups — one of those things the men in uniforms installed in Donaldson's yard — in order to see how well the modified genome proliferates. All that falls apart, though, if any of the female mosquitoes actually do end up surviving and reproducing. When asked about that possibility, EPA spokesperson Kenneth Labbe told Futurism that the experiment will be terminated the moment an adult female carrying the propriety gene shows up during collection. "In the unlikely event Oxitec finds genetically modified female offspring, they are required to immediately cease releases, apply conventional pesticides targeting the adult and larval mosquito stages and continue monitoring until no female OX5034 mosquitoes are found for two consecutive generations," Labbe said. The likelihood of that happening is hotly debated. What we know for sure is that in a previous experiment conducted from 2013 to 2015, Oxitec released mosquitoes in Brazil that carried an earlier engineered gene, OX513A, and eventually released those with OX5034 as well. While the company declared the release a success, scientists unaffiliated with Oxitec from Yale and a handful of Brazilian institutions published research in the journal Nature Scientific Reports claiming some of the mosquitoes had mated, produced viable offspring, and ultimately created a new genetic hybrid population capable of surviving in the wild. Those conclusions were vigorously contested by Oxitec, which pushed for a retraction. The journal has since slapped an Expression of Concern over some of its findings that still remains unaddressed. Nathan Rose, Oxitec's head of regulatory affairs, acknowledged that some female OX513A mosquitoes survived in Brazil but said that he's confident the OX5034 mosquitoes wouldn't be able to. Labbe said the EPA was aware of those concerns, but that they do "not alter the Agency’s conclusion that there is a negligible potential for OX5034 female survival during Oxitec’s field test." In the wisdom of "Jurassic Park," though, life finds a way. A sizeable coalition of environmental activists, academics, and residents of Key West have united to oppose the experiment, at least in its current form. Donaldson, for one, says that after she learned more about the experiment, she decided that she didn't want to participate. A few days after the men in uniforms installed the cup on her property, she cut it down, put it in a plastic bag so the liquids inside didn't spill, and left it on a chair in her yard. Her neighbor walked by later that day and saw three mosquito control workers standing in the road in front of Donaldson's house when she wasn't home. When the neighbor approached, he told Futurism, two more emerged from the backyard. They had shown up unannounced to look for the black cup, which they took with them after speaking to Donaldson on her neighbor's phone. "So they're trespassing, they're soliciting, they're going on people's property," Donaldson said. "They're not making appointments to meet with people. So they are definitely violating our privacy." But taking a collection cup off Donaldson's property doesn't actually opt her out of Oxitec's experiment. With hundreds of millions of mosquitoes coming and some of her neighbors still participating, how could she avoid it without leaving town altogether? Oxitec's Rose handwaved those concerns away, telling Futurism that because the EPA determined the company's experiment didn't meet the "regulatory definition of research involving human subjects," issues like informed consent don't come into play. "Oxitec is not testing on humans and this project is not introducing risk to humans, animals, or the environment, as stated by the EPA," Rose said. That disregard for informed consent and the residents' inability to choose whether or not they want to participate are the most troubling aspects of the whole process, Jennifer Kuzma, Co-Director of North Carolina State University's Genetic Engineering & Society Center, told Futurism. "The mentality of marketing needs to be switched more to engagement and bidirectional conversation, I think," she said. The issue of consent and transparency has frustrated residents as well as activists and experts both in the Florida Keys and beyond, consequently mobilizing them against Oxitec and its planned release. Among them is Dana Perls, a manager at an environmental group called Friends of the Earth that's based in Washington, DC and California. "We need to overhaul the regulations and have mandatory independent testing put in place instead of giving [Oxitec] the okay to rubber-stamp its own products as safe," Perls told Futurism. Since learning about the experiment in Key West, Perls has been coordinating with local activists and experts to try to prevent it. "For the community members who are going to be on the front lines of one of the first mass GMO insect releases in the United States, this is not a field trial," Perls added. "This is a matter of health, of safety, and of the environment." From a scientific standpoint, several things stand out about the EPA's decision to greenlight the release, which followed the same protocol as if it were evaluating a chemical pesticide. First is that the EPA never asked Oxitec to conduct any caged trials — experiments that would show how well the mosquitoes perform in a controlled environment — before allowing the company to go ahead and send its insects out into the world. Caged trials are a common — and common-sense — first step, Perls explained. Just like new pharmaceuticals are tested on cultured cells and then on animals to make sure they're safe for human consumption, a caged release would serve as a preliminary demonstration that the mosquitoes do what Oxitec claims they do. And if they don't, they would help reveal any problems or hazards with Oxitec's technology before they have the chance to do real harm. "Before the genetically engineered mosquito is allowed or even considered for release, there should be caged trials," Perls said. "This is essentially a new pesticide. So there must be a caged trial… in a Florida-like environment. At a time in history when biodiversity is the most devastated it's ever been, when we're in the midst of a global public health crisis, we need to be emphasizing scientific evidence." Labbe, the EPA spokesperson, defended the lack of caged trials, saying that skipping over them was a deliberate aspect of the project rather than the careless oversight that the experiment's opponents say it is. "Based upon a thorough review of all information available to the Agency, EPA has concluded that neither the mosquitoes nor the trial will present unreasonable adverse effects to humans or the environment," Labbe told Futurism. "Therefore, preliminary caged trials are not necessary given the lack of human or environmental risk. Furthermore, caged trials would be incompatible with the goals of the EUP, which are to seek information on mosquito spatial dispersal, mating and oviposition to evaluate the efficacy of OX5034 for area-wide mosquito suppression." Oxitec's mosquito eggs — which will be delivered to the Florida Keys in "just-add-water" kits that it's distributing on residents' property alongside the collection cups — will include both females and males. But the females carrying the gene supposedly can't survive without the drug tetracycline, so they're expected to die off as larvae. The company says about 1,000 males will hatch from each kit over the course of two weeks. The problem is that tetracycline is commonly used as an agricultural antibiotic in the area's citrus groves. The EPA prohibited Oxitec from releasing mosquitoes within 500 meters of anywhere tetracycline is being used — several times the distance a typical Aedes mosquito will travel in its lifetime. But at no point did the EPA require that water within the release site be tested for traces of the compound. "In the unlikely event of a female bred with OX5034 laying eggs in an environment with tetracycline present, then female OX5034 mosquitoes could survive if the growth conditions were appropriate and if the tetracycline concentration were high enough," Oxitec's Nathan Rose told Futurism. The EPA's permit also didn't require anyone to measure whether a mosquito intervention would actually lead to a reduction in disease transmission or whether introducing more of an already-invasive species would cause unintended impacts on the ecosystem. "Instead of making assumptions in the assessment, it would have been good of them to test some of the water in the area," Kuzma told Futurism. Kuzma was also troubled about the lack of caged trials and the failure to study whether the genetically hybridized mosquitoes that will emerge as Oxitec mosquitoes mate with the wild population are actually more likely to spread dengue — a possibility that no one has bothered to check or study. "We're not saying any of those [concerns] should preclude [Oxitec] from releasing them in a short-term experiment, but this particular experiment is going for 18 months and hundreds of millions of mosquitoes will be released," Kuzma said. "Even though it is an EUP, it's not a small experiment." Meanwhile, part of the regulatory process was veiled from the public eye. Only two pages of documentation about the project were available on the EPA's website during the designated 30-day public commenting period in 2019, which garnered over 31,000 comments opposing the experiment and just 56 supporting it. "I tried to find the risk assessment online prior to the decision being made and couldn’t," Kuzma told Futurism. "That was the spring of 2020. That was pretty unusual to me. Because this was an Experimental Use Permit through the EPA, they don’t have to [share the assessment], I don't think, but I don't think that was a good practice to not make that information available to the independent scientific community." "There wasn't an opportunity for independent scientific review," she added. Even though the EPA's assessment is now public, Kuzma notes, the underlying data remains unavailable, unreviewed by independent experts, and unpublished in any sort of academic outlet. That, in Kuzma's opinion, is the biggest red flag. That doesn't mean that Oxitec's technology is dangerous or that it doesn't work. But it does mean the company never proved that it's safe in any public-facing way and neither the EPA nor any other government agency insisted it change that. "Oxitec is giving us all the information, and they're the vendor. There's no third-party independent reviewed science, there are no safety studies, there's no environmental impact study," Meagan Hull, the Keys resident who spoke at the council meeting, later told Futurism. Hull cofounded the Florida Keys Environmental Coalition in response to the Deepwater Horizon disaster, and she's been working to prevent Oxitec from releasing mosquitoes in Florida since the early days of the project. "Now that we have accessible data, and now that we have the science, we're seeing a lot of red flags, concerns, and gaping holes in the regulatory process and oversight," Perls said. "It's not too late. The EPA should hit the pause button, and because this could be the first release of genetically engineered insects at this scale, we need to do it correctly. We need to move forward in the most responsible way because we need to set the precedent for future releases." And none of this even touches on the fact that male Aedes aegypti mosquitoes are perfectly capable of spreading disease on their own, even if they don't bite humans. Male Aedes aegypti mosquitoes can infect or be infected by females when they mate, according to a study from 2017. Releasing millions of them at a time, then, might inadvertently increase the prevalence of dangerous diseases in the area and make it more likely that any surviving wild females are carrying a dangerous virus in their blood. "This is urgent," Hull said. "The only way to prevent the risks and potential unknown outcomes is to prevent a release of this in the first place rather than clean up a mess after it happens." The fight over the experiment came to a head at that March Islamorada town council meeting. During the meeting, Kuzma and other academic experts from institutions including Harvard, Yale, and North Carolina State University expressed their scientific and ethical concerns about the experiment and about possible unintended impacts on the environment. Perls and Hull also testified along with other concerned community members and other activists. The experts clarified during their presentations, just as Kuzma reiterated to Futurism, that they were neither for nor against the experiment in general. But, they said, they felt it was their duty to help inform the community and that they had identified red flags with how things had been handled thus far and that they had lots of unanswered questions and holes in the data that the EPA used to approve the experiment. Council members were receptive to their concerns and shared some of their own — especially regarding impacts on the town's tourism-dependent economy — before turning the meeting over to Stanley Zuba, an elected official and the vice-chair of the Florida Keys Mosquito Control Board. Zuba gave his own presentation in support of the Oxitec release. He was clearly frustrated by what he had seen and heard from the scientists. His voice rose and he seemed to become increasingly heated throughout his brief speech, during which he immediately accused the four scientists of anti-Oxitec bias and claimed that their questions had already been asked and answered over the years. Zuba then turned the mic over to Nathan Rose, who you'll remember is Oxitec's head of regulatory affairs. But instead of saying that, Zuba introduced him as "our" head of regulatory issues, implying that Rose was a government representative — a misrepresentation that wasn't rectified until after Rose's presentation when a council member asked him directly. Passing him off as an expert representing the mosquito control board only further incensed the experiment's opponents, who see the partnership as evidence of corruption and a sign that they don't have a say in what happens to their community. "It was seriously inappropriate to introduce Dr. Nathan Rose as the mosquito control's expert instead of identifying him as a paid lobbyist, an employee of Oxitec," a community member who introduced himself as Captain Ed Davidson, Chairman of the Florida Keys Citizens Coalition, said at the meeting. "That was just really inappropriate." "I didn't bring it up in my comments but other people did," Hull said in a later interview. "That was offensive and just showed a level of, I don't want to say collusion, but when your own elected officials are working actively against the interests of your community and the outspoken concerns of your community, what other word is there? They're colluding with this corporation and we don’t know why." "It just seems like there's a lack of transparency and I'm very concerned that all of the information is being generated by Oxitec," said one resident at the meeting. "I feel like mosquito control is parroting it back to us and there's not any cohesiveness." Donaldson hasn't heard from the mosquito control board or Oxitec since the techs came and took the cup from her property, but she and her neighbors say they've seen others walking around the streets, going door to door as they set up for the mosquito release. Donaldson says she's deeply frustrated that a private company can use her local government's resources to solicit residents and push an experiment that, as she describes it, funnels her tax dollars into that company's pockets. Other residents in the area have said that they plan to pour bleach into the cups to kill the genetically modified mosquitoes before they hatch. As it stands right now, Oxitec will probably have its way. Nothing is set in stone, but with so many cups and traps already deployed and with local, state, and federal regulators granting their blessing, the community's fight over the mosquito release seems unlikely to make a difference. That's especially frustrating to environmental activists and experts like Hull, who aren't opposed to genetic engineering technology in general but simply want to make sure any new initiatives, especially those unleashed on the public, are safe, transparent, and effective — and that area residents get to have their concerns heard, acknowledged, and addressed. Even if Oxitec's mosquito release does what it's supposed to, the company failed to convince the very people it's subjecting to its experiment. "We want more information," Hull told Futurism. "We've been demanding and asking and begging for more information for ten years. We still don't have it. That's why it's an experiment. They're using us for their bottom line." Maybe there won't be any long-term repercussions to Oxitec's experiment. Maybe the gene-hacked mosquitoes fade away after a few generations and the world moves on. And if the experiment works, and the mosquitoes accomplish what Oxitec says they will, then we could find ourselves on the brink of an incredible new era for pest control. If similar technology could be made to work for other species, we could find ourselves in a world where scientists could genetically engineer away huge swathes of infectious disease like malaria and dengue. But maybe there will be ecological repercussions. Or maybe the project will backfire in some other way. We just don't know because there's so little data available. The ordeal, though, will set a precedent for future releases of genetically engineered species, which Kuzma says are likely coming soon. And if nothing else, the looming release shows that technology has once again evolved faster than the regulations and safeguards meant to keep it in check. No matter how you feel about this experiment, about mosquito control, or about genetic engineering in general, that's a problem. "It's not specific to Oxitec or the EPA or this particular case, but I do think we need to have a better national policy and decisionmaking process for how communities are involved in these decisions," Kuzma said. "And a better approach to what we call informed consent. So I think Oxitec followed the process of the government. They didn’t do anything outside of the boundaries of the legal and regulatory system so far. But the question is 'Is that system adequate for these sorts of emerging technologies being released into ecological systems?' And I say that I don't think it is." More on Oxitec: Scientists Fight Plan To Release Gene-Hacked Mosquitoes in TX, FL Share This Article 
The benefits of working out are becoming more clear, and more complex, as we study it. The main question for most of us has been: How can we fit more exercise into our lives, especially if we don't have space for a full gym? The Axle solves this problem by enabling a wide range of techniques, from bodyweight to classic weightlifting, with one innovative barbell. Designed by a team of sports trainers, fitness experts, and personal trainers, the Axle starts with a tough, yet lightweight (11.2 pounds) bar. Add the wheels and you've got a barbell with good heft for a wide variety of traditional weightlifting workouts. As you get stronger, it's easy to add more weight with the lock clips. The wheels are even designed to be slightly bigger than plates, making it easier to slide them on, lock them in place, and then roll them out of the way when you're done. Yet that's just the beginning. The Axle comes with resistance bands and foot anchors to turn it into a diverse fitness tool. Axle users will anchor their feet and then smoothly roll into a series of push-up positions; anchor their bands to it to make for a more challenging lift; pair it with a balance board to work their core; or as safety support to get the hang of new exercises. All of this is supported with the Axle team's live and on-demand classes that offer all sorts of new approaches to bodyweight, weightlifting, cross-training, HiiT and more. Book a class to work up a sweat during lunch, or stream classes at your convenience to fit in a workout in your busy day. Normally, the Axle bundle costs $388. But right now, you can save 22% and get the equipment and a year of unlimited access to live-streamed and on-demand classes for $299.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The Federal Aviation Administration has authorized three upcoming launches of SpaceX's Starship spacecraft, according to a recent statement. "The agency approved multiple launches because SpaceX is making few changes to the launch vehicle and relied on the FAA's approved methodology to calculate the risk to the public," reads the statement. The Elon Musk-led space company has been hard at work developing a prototype of its Mars-bound spacecraft capable of making it into orbit. Unsurprisingly, getting a 165-foot stainless steel rocket off the ground — and safely back down — has been anything but easy for SpaceX. All four full-scale launches so far have ended in massive fireballs. That also means that there's considerable danger to the public if sufficient safety precautions aren't taken beforehand. According to a February FAA statement, SpaceX didn’t follow the safety rules and proceeded with the launch of its first full-scale Starship prototype called SN8 in December "without demonstrating that the public risk from far field blast overpressure was within" regulatory criteria. Following Starship prototype SN9's explosion in January, the FAA started an investigation to "further enhance safety as the program develops." The launch of the SN9 prototype was also scrubbed several times by the agency. "Unlike its aircraft division, which is fine, the FAA space division has a fundamentally broken regulatory structure," a fuming Musk wrote in a scathing tweet following the scrubbing of SN9's launch. "Their rules are meant for a handful of expendable launches per year from a few government facilities," he added. "Under those rules, humanity will never get to Mars." In March, SpaceX launched its SN10 prototype, which initially landed intact, but later exploded due to a gas leak caused by a fuel tank rupture. The FAA approved the flight beforehand, announcing it had ended its investigation into the safety concerns over SN8's test flight back in December and SN9's launch in January. "The FAA provided oversight of the SN9 mishap investigation conducted by SpaceX," the statement read. "The SN9 vehicle failed within the bounds of the FAA safety analysis." The battle with the FAA didn't stop SpaceX from going forward with subsequent Starship prototype launches. In late March, just weeks after SN10's demise, SpaceX launched its SN11 prototype inside a heavy wall of fog — but it didn't even make it back down to the ground before exploding in midair. The explosion was significant, with livestreams of the event showing massive pieces of metal debris raining down from the skies — a demonstration of just how violent these explosions can be. Now that the FAA has authorized launches of Starship SN15, which is currently on the launch pad, as well as SN16 and SN17, it seems like SpaceX and the regulator have buried the hatchet. It's also possible SpaceX has chosen to play by the regulator's rules to ensure it has the authorization to fly its upcoming prototypes. But SpaceX isn't necessarily out of the woods with the FAA yet. "For the launch of SN16 and SN17, SpaceX may be subject to additional corrective actions if any new mishap investigations were to occur," reads today's statement. And that's good news for everybody involved: the company has some ambitious timelines, as set by Musk, planning to go orbital with Starship and its accompanying Super Heavy booster, by the end of the year. That's a tall order — in more ways than one considering their combined height is almost 400 feet — but if we've learned anything, it's that SpaceX has plenty of surprises up its sleeve. SN15 is scheduled to launch no earlier than tomorrow according to the latest reports. We'll definitely be watching. More on Starship: China Is Working on What Looks Like a Clone of SpaceX's Starship Share This Article 
After facing significant backlash for deploying a robot dog, the New York Police Department has decided to cut the experiment short sooner than expected, The New York Times reports. The robot dog, dubbed Digidog, was a futuristic, four-legged machine built by Boston Dynamics, meant to be deployed in dangerous situations to protect officers. But after the robot made several public appearances, the rollout was met with fierce criticism. The optics aren't great: a lifeless machine traipsing around a crime scene isn't exactly reassuring to the public. Earlier this month, NYPD officers deployed Digidog at a public housing unit. Videos of the machine went viral on social media. "You can’t give me a living wage, you can’t raise a minimum wage, you can’t give me affordable housing; I’m working hard and I can’t get paid leave, I can’t get affordable child care," Bronx and Westchester County representative Jamaal Bowman said in a video at the time. "Instead we got money, taxpayer money, going to robot dogs?" Now, the police department has decided to return Digidog to Boston Dynamics early — and it tried to do so quietly. After city council members subpoenaed records related to the device, they found that a contract with Boston Dynamics worth about $94,000 was cut short and terminated on April 22, according to the Times. According to the Police Department’s deputy commissioner for intelligence and counterterrorism John Miller, the department had a change of mind when the device became a "target." "People had figured out the catchphrases and the language to somehow make this evil," Miller told the newspaper. He defended the department's use of Digidog and argued it had already deployed robots for nearly 50 years, including bomb squad units that feature robotic arms to defuse live explosives. But the deployment of Digidog was seen as a needlessly expensive militarization of the police by its many critics. "At a time where we should be having more beat cops on the street, building relationships with residents, they’re actually headed in another direction in trying to replace them with robots," Democratic Upper East Side representative and city councilor Ben Kallos told the NYT. Bill Neidhardt, a spokesman for Mayor Bill de Blasio, put it most succinctly, saying that he was "glad the Digidog was put down." READ MORE: N.Y.P.D. Robot Dog’s Run Is Cut Short After Fierce Backlash [The New York Times] More on Digidog: NYPD Robodog Involved in Arrest of Man With Gun Share This Article 
If you've been lucky enough to spend the pandemic with a furry family member, you know just how much they keep you sane and smiling. There's truly nothing better than an animal companion to help you weather the terrible storm that was 2020. So why not show your cat or dog just how much you care about their companionship by treating them to comprehensive pet insurance? It may sound odd, but it may just be the most loving gift you can give a pet.  Having already revolutionized the insurance industry with its comprehensive and streamlined coverage for homeowners and renters, Lemonade is now offering pet insurance for cats and dogs for as low as just $10 a month (plus a 10% discount for existing users) — and it only takes a few seconds to sign up. Hailed for their easy-to-use interface and no-nonsense approach to coverage, Lemonade delivers an insurance experience that’s fit for the 21st century. Now your pets can enjoy coverage that will help you keep them happy and healthy for years to come without spending a fortune in the process. Powered by next-generation AI technology, Lemonade’s hassle-free digital interface makes it easy to get your pet covered in a matter of seconds, and you’ll be able to file claims and have them approved hassle free in minutes. Lemonade has award winning service and 4.9/5 stars on the App Store and Google Play. Their Policies are simple, jargon-free and intuitive and a team of pet experts built their pet insurance to offer accident and illness coverage for a wide range of services, including diagnostics such as blood tests and CT scans, outpatient procedures and surgery, prescription medications and injections, and much more.  They also offer a Preventative and Wellness package, for pet parents who want to keep their pets healthy: You’ll be able to save big on necessary tests and vaccines for your furry companion, and it will cover the cost of an annual physical checkup. This package pays for more than you’re probably already paying for, like bloodwork and a heartworm test. Lemonade also provides live chat with medical experts on the Lemonade app. They also offer an Extended Accident and Illness package that covers additional therapies (like acupuncture), and covers the costs of vet visits fees, which some vets will charge you for. Lemonade is also a public benefit corporation! They donate leftover money to causes users pick when they sign up (including several pet-centric charities), so you’ll be able to sleep better knowing that you’re doing your part for your pets and for humanity. Show your cat or dog how much you appreciate them helping you through 2020 by signing up for Lemonade’s hassle-free pet insurance for as low as just $10 a month. And if you already have a home that’s insured through Lemonade you’ll knock an additional 10% off the cost of your plan. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As warming oceans wreak havoc on vulnerable coral reef habitats, scientists are trying to gain insight into what makes them grow — and perhaps find ways to slow or reverse their demise. As detailed in a new study published this week in the journal Marine Biotechnology, a team of researchers in Japan have managed to successfully establish cell lines in a coral, meaning that they were able to culture cells of a coral in a lab. "Establishing stable cells lines for marine organisms, especially coral, has proven very difficult in the past," Noriyuki Satoh, professor at the Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University and senior author, said in a statement. "This success could prove to be a pivotal moment for gaining a deeper understanding of the biology of these vitally important animals," he added. Seven out of eight cell types grown in petri dishes were stable and could go on growing indefinitely. They were even able to resist freezing. The cell lines incorporated some extremely important parts of the corals that enable them to photosynthesize and provide nutrients — especially pertinent if we ever want to ever understand what causes coral reefs to die off due to global warming. Warmer temperatures have caused corals to turn completely white, a process known as coral bleaching. If the water is too warm, corals expel algae living in their tissues. While technically survivable, many corals don't survive the stress. The effect is so enormous, researchers concluded in a study last year, that all coral reefs on Earth could be dead by the year 2100 if we don't take significant action to stop climate change. "At this point in time, the most urgent need in coral biology is to understand the interaction between the coral animal and its photosynthetic symbiont at the cellular level, and how this relationship collapses under stress, leading to coral bleaching and death," David Miller, leading coral biologist from James Cook University, Australia who was not involved in the research, said in the statement. Miller also voiced his excitement at the prospect of using the research to find ways to prevent coral bleaching in the future. Fortunately, the coral cell lines were still viable after being frozen with liquid nitrogen, meaning that Satoh and his colleagues are now able to ship these cell lines to labs across the globe. Perhaps then, we will stand a much higher chance to find ways of reversing some of the harm humanity has wrought on our planet's oceans. READ MORE: Scientists have cultured the first stable coral cell lines [Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University] More on corals: New Research: All Coral Reefs May Be Completely Dead by 2100 Share This Article 
A fascinating clip of what appeared to be triangular or "pyramid" shaped UFOs flying over a US Navy warship circulated online earlier this month. The footage, obtained by filmmaker Jeremy Corbell, shows the mysterious objects caught on a night vision camera aimed at the skies over the warship. "I can confirm that the referenced photos and videos were taken by Navy personnel," Department of Defense spokesperson Sue Gough told Futurism last week. The incident left plenty of questions unanswered. What were these stranger pyramid-shaped objects, or were they some type of optical illusion? If they were real, where did they come from? To The Warzone creator Tyler Rogoway, the answer is obvious: the mysterious craft, and other military UFO sightings like them, are likely swarms of drones that belong to foreign adversaries, as detailed in a recent report for the site. "Yes, I realize that the idea that an adversary is penetrating US military training areas unmolested, and has been for years, using lowly drone technology and balloons, is a big pill to swallow," Rogoway wrote, "but as one of the people who have repeatedly warned about the threat posed by lower-end drones for a decade... it isn't really surprising at all." Rogoway decried the Pentagon's "utter lack of vision and early robust interest in regards to this emerging threat" and called out the Defense Department for "still playing catch-up when it comes to the realities surrounding the drone threat, and not just to its forces abroad, but also to the homeland overall." In fact, he argues, the stigma surrounding UFOs only helped adversaries get away with hiding in plain sight inside American air space. In his piece, Rogoway points to a number of compelling moments in history when not only foreign adversaries but the US itself invested in developing unmanned aircraft, including radar-reflecting balloons designed to confuse enemy radar systems. In fact, a 1945 radar reflector patent of such a balloon looks strikingly like the pyramid-shaped objects that showed up in the UFO sighting earlier this month. Rather than looking like the consumer-facing drones we are used to, Rogoway argues "there are far more configurations, some of which look downright alien and perform unlike a traditional fixed-wing aircraft or quadcopter." Drone swarm technologies have also come a long way, allowing them to stay in the sky for significant periods of time, cover long distances, and pull off complex maneuvers in groups. Thanks to America's obsession with UFOs, these reports often end up being discredited. Many pilots may even stop short of even reporting sightings due to fear of professional embarrassment. "The fact that pilots have historically refrained from reporting unexplained craft in the skies due to fear of their careers being impacted is all you really need to know when quantifying how relevant and effective such a tactic can be," Rogoway argues. So why are we starting to see more and more reports on UFOs? That may be in part to new technologies that can actually detect these drones. More data, in other words, means more sightings. It's a compelling argument that could certainly explain some of the strange sightings made by Air Force pilots and Navy personnel over the last decades. Rogozin claims that "at least one of our adversaries has made a mockery of us and compromised key capabilities using remarkably low-end technology." By first admitting the US has a drone problem, he says, the Department of Defense can start piecing the pieces back together and get behind these UFO mysteries. READ MORE: Adversary Drones Are Spying On The U.S. And The Pentagon Acts Like They're UFOs [The Warzone] More on the sightings: Pentagon Confirms That Leaked Video Is Part of UFO Investigation Share This Article 
China is getting ready to launch the core module for its Tianhe, or "Heavenly Harmony," space station on board a Long March 5B rocket, The Associated Press reports. If all goes according to plan, the module could make its way into orbit as soon as Thursday night, the culmination of decades of preparation and development. China was never part of the ISS due to the US objecting to its space program's secrecy and close military ties, according to the AP, and has been preparing to launch its own space station since the early 1990s. Over the last couple of years, the country has made massive strides toward becoming a serious world space power, with several successful lunar landings under its belt. The country has also successfully sent a spacecraft into Martian orbit, with a lander attempting to make its descent to the Martina surface later this year. China plans to piece together its space station over 11 missions, with this week's launch being the first, over the next two years or so. Future missions include four cargo supply missions and four crewed missions. According to AP, at least 12 astronauts are already in training to live on the new station. Other reports, however, peg that number much higher. Last year, Chinese state-run news agency China Daily reported that China had announced a third set of astronauts, with 18 new ones joining a group of 21 previously chosen. The final space station will only be a fraction of the size of the International Space Station, weighing roughly a sixth of what the ISS weighs now. It will feature a docking port and even a Hubble class telescope attached to it called the Chinese Space Station Telescope (CSST). The telescope has the same resolution as the Hubble, but with 300 times the field of view. China isn't the only country working to construct its own space station. Russia, arguably China's closest partner when it comes to its space ambitions, recently showed off the construction of the base module of its own space station, set to be launched within the next ten years. With both Russia and China planning to build their own space stations, the future of the ISS is on shaky ground. Russia recently confirmed that is abandoning the ISS after decades of international cooperation. Besides launching its own space station, the country also announced it will partner with China to build a smaller station in lunar orbit. Considering China's recent efforts in expanding its space capabilities, there's little doubt that the country will be able to construct the Tianhe in record time if it can maintain political momentum behind the project. Still, its space station efforts have hit the occasional snag in the past. In 2011, China sent up its first prototype space station, dubbed Tiangong-1, which orbited the Earth from September 2011 to April 2018. The prototype station's orbit gradually decayed over the years and eventually made its re-entry in April 2018. Many parts of the station survived the re-entry during its uncontrolled descent, however, littering an area of thousands of kilometers with debris. Its successor Tiangong-2 fared much better, allowing two astronauts to spend 30 days in orbit, conducting weightlessness and space radiation related research. Tiangong-2 burned up in the Earth's atmosphere in 2019, flaring up like a fireball, as seen on in a YouTube video showing the station's final moments. We will be closely following this week's launch of Tianhe's first module. But the launch will only mark the beginning. Despite its recent prowess in space, China has many challenges to still overcome before populating its own long-term space station in orbit. READ MORE: China to launch Heavenly Harmony space station core module [The Associated Press] More on China's space station: China Names 18 More Crewmembers for Its Upcoming Space Station Share This Article 
We've been fascinated by clouds as a species ever since we could look upward, and we've been trying to control them almost as long. The Interactive Cloud Lamp, from Richard Clarkson Studio, makes that dream a reality, bringing the natural light show of storms in clouds safely indoors. Richard Clarkson Studio is a Brooklyn-based art & design lab with a focus on the celestial. They've created pieces inspired by the Aurora Borealis, the constellations, and in 2016 developed the RGB Cloud, an art piece that went viral for bringing the look of a storm cloud indoors. That led to a refinement of the design leading to the Interactive Cloud Lamp. At the core of this cloud is a set of RGB LED lights, wrapped in a PETG shell and hypoallergenic and flame retardant polyester fiber to give that sense of floating. It's beautiful just on its own, carefully sculpted to seem like it was plucked from the sky. When you turn it on, the LEDs are wired to motion and sound detectors that use a custom algorithm to create a unique lightning show, like you'd see from a thunderstorm in the distance. It even comes with a handy remote so you can turn down the lights and then start the show. At 17 x 16 x 10 inches, the cloud can be floated in any room and can be powered from a standard outlet. Nor will you need any special hardware, as you can either hardwire it into a room with standard equipment or hang it from the ceiling, swag lamp style. Put it over a bed to drift off to, hang it in your living room as a conversation piece, or put it in your workspace to make it more your own. The Cloud Lamp is normally $690, yet right now it's 8% off, just $629.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Since the earliest days of virtual reality, it was always assumed that virtual sex would someday be a reality. While it used to be confined to the world of science fiction, advancements in VR technology are quickly making VR sex a real-world fact. Today, there’s a near limitless supply of adult virtual reality videos avaible to consumers. And thanks to the outrageously affordable KIIROO’s Titan VR Experience, anyone can experience it for themselves. The Titan VR Experience provides everything you need to enjoy the pleasures of virtual sex, starting with the Titan itself. What is the Titan? It's the world’s first and best interactive vibrating stroker. It works in in conjunction with your choice of video content, or all on its own. This handheld miracle device gives you an unparalleled level of sensation that will have you wondering how you ever got along without it. The Titan achieves these incredible sensations by way of its nine bullet-shaped vibrating motors located within its real-feel sleeve. At the same time, its touch-sensitive control pads allow for a level of responsiveness that makes any other comparable product seem like a useless chunk of plastic. One of the most exciting features of the Titan is its connectivity with other Titans via the Internet. This means that if you have a companion with their own Titan, they can control what you feel on your end with a precision and sensitivity you won’t believe. But even if you’re all on your own in cyberspace, the Titan can connect with thousands of existing virtual reality adult videos, with more being made all the time. And when used in conjunction with the VR headset, you’ll feel like you’re right in the middle of the onscreen action. Naturally, you can enjoy these interactive videos in 3D virtual reality, or as conventional two-dimensional video. But either way, the Titan will completely change the way you think about adult video content. With the Titan VR Experience, you get everything you need to explore the futuristic world of virtual sex in one discreetly shipped package. There’s the Titan vibrating stroker, a VR headset that works with any standard smartphone, KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant, and KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner. All this is priced at just $199, and ships absolutely free. So if you’ve ever been curious about the possibilities of virtual sex, there’s no better time than right now to place your order for the complete Titan VR Experience. After you do, you might find yourself with even fewer reasons to get out of the house than usual. So if you're willing to accept that risk, you can order your own Titan VR Experience at the KIIROO online store, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Earlier this year, Tesla bought $1.5 billion worth of Bitcoin and started selling its vehicles using the cryptocurrency as well. But now, the Elon Musk-led company is ready to cash in on some of the tokens it has accumulated, selling some ten percent of its Bitcoin to boost Q1 revenues by $101 million, as the  BBC reports. "It is our intent to hold what we have long term and continue to accumulate Bitcoin from transactions from our customers as they purchase vehicles," Tesla's chief financial officer, Zachary Kirkhorn, told investors. In a Monday tweet, Tesla CEO Elon Musk verified that “Tesla sold 10 percent of its holdings essentially to prove liquidity of Bitcoin as an alternative to holding cash on balance sheet.” Musk also clarified he did not sell any of his own personal stash of Bitcoin. While the value of Bitcoin has rallied so far this year, the currency experienced a significant tumble last week, dropping to below $50,000 for the first time in months. As of this week, it’s trading above $54,000 again after hitting a peak of almost $64,870 in mid-April. What Musk appears to be doing is sending a signal to investors that Bitcoins aren’t just speculative investments and can actually be used in a similar way to cash, as Bloomberg points out. Whether that strategy will work out in the long term is anybody’s guess — but the company is in relatively good shape. Tesla has had a very healthy first quarter, with the Bitcoin sale bolstering strong sales. Profits also took a significant hit from a $299 million payment that went out to Musk as part of a healthy (to say the least) compensation package. But more difficult days are ahead with a global microchip shortage likely to slow production significantly. The shortage caused Tesla “insane difficulties” according to Musk, who spoke during this week’s quarterly earnings call, as Business Insider reports. “We've had some of the most difficult supply-chain challenges that we've ever experienced in the life of Tesla,” he said during Monday’s call. Interestingly, Tesla’s Bitcoin gambit appears to have paid off, providing the car maker with some much-needed liquidity in times of need. But if that will be the case later this year as well is anybody’s guess. READ MORE: Tesla: Bitcoin sales and environmental credits boost profits [BBC] More on Tesla: Tesla: Cops Are Wrong About Driver’s Seat Being Empty in Deadly Crash Share This Article 
An April 17 Tesla Model S joyride near Houston, Texas, ended in a fatal fire that took the lives of both the car's occupants. Investigators at the scene made a shocking discovery: they determined with a "100 percent" certainty that nobody was in the driver's seat, leading to speculation that the Tesla had its Autopilot feature turned on during the moments leading up to the crash. Days later, Tesla CEO Elon Musk threw water on the theory, claiming that "data logs recovered so far show Autopilot was not enabled." Now, the mysterious incident is getting even stranger. According to Tesla's vice president of vehicle engineering Lars Moravy, there was in fact somebody in the driver's seat at the time of the crash, The Verge reports. The conclusion directly contradicts the findings of police at the scene. According to Moravy, the steering wheel was "deformed," suggesting that the driver's seat was occupied at the time of the crash. "All seatbelts post-crash were found to be unbuckled," the Tesla VP said. It's a noteworthy piece of the puzzle, as Autopilot is designed to only work when all seatbelts are buckled. The self-driving feature can, however, be easily fooled into registering somebody in the driver's seat, as a damning Consumer Reports investigation following the crash demonstrated. According to The Verge, Moravy's comments came after inspecting the crash while accompanied by local law enforcement and investigators from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). Both agencies are currently investigating the collision and have subpoenaed data from the electric car company. It's difficult what to make of this latest claim. We've heard contradicting news about several aspects of this tragic crash. For instance, local news station KHOU initially noted that it took firefighters four hours to extinguish the roaring fire. But in a statement to the Houston Chronicle, local fire chief Palmer Buck later said that the fire was put down in just "two to three minutes, enough to see the vehicle had occupants. After that, it was simply cooling the car as the batteries continued to have a chain reaction due to damage." Tesla is clearly trying to save face after the latest incident, which may or may not have involved its trademark self-driving feature. Tesla CEO Elon Musk has also been highly defensive, lashing out at the media and arguing that coverage was unfairly focusing on Tesla. The mysteries and many unanswered questions left in the wake of the April crash only underline that investigations from neutral parties will play a key role in understanding what actually happened. Hopefully, we'll get some more answers from the NHTSA and NTSB's investigation soon. READ MORE: Tesla claims someone was in the driver’s seat in deadly Texas crash [The Verge] More on the crash: It’s Shockingly Easy to Drive a Tesla Without Anybody in the Driver’s Seat Share This Article 
Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk is making highly personal attacks against Amazon and Blue Origin founder — and fellow richest-person-in-the-world-club member — Jeff Bezos. There's no love lost between the two billionaires, and now their space companies are in direct competition. Earlier this month, NASA announced that it was awarding SpaceX a highly-coveted contract to build a lander capable of touching down the first astronauts on the Moon since the Apollo missions as part of its Artemis program. Left out in the rain was Blue Origin, Bezos' competing space company, which first revealed a lander concept back in 2019. "Can’t get it up (to orbit) lol" Musk tweeted in response to a tweet by The New York Times' tech columnist Kenneth Chang, a dig that almost certainly appeared to be attacking Bezos' manhood. According to Chang's report, Bezos' Blue Origin filed a 50-page protest with the federal Government Accountability Office on Monday, challenging the Human Landing Systems contract that NASA gave SpaceX. Alabama-based defense contractor Dynetics, the third company competing with both Blue Origin and SpaceX to land the contract, also filed a protest. According to Blue Origin CEO Bob Smith, NASA bungled its decision through flawed evaluations, placing too much emphasis on bottom-line cost. "It’s really atypical for NASA to make these kinds of errors," Smith told the Times. "They’re generally quite good at acquisition, especially its flagship missions like returning America to the surface of the moon. We felt that these errors needed to be addressed and remedied." Bezos' company decided to collaborate with well established aerospace companies Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman on its lunar lander design. The resulting Blue Moon concept looked like something reminiscent of landers used during the Apollo missions half a century ago. SpaceX, on the other hand, has taken a radically different approach. Rather than separating lander from descent and ascent vehicle, the company's Starship is an all-in-one solution, with the spacecraft being designed to be able to both land and take off from the Moon with astronauts and plenty of cargo on board. After his tweet about Bezos' difficulty getting it up, Musk followed up with a crude image showing the Blue Moon lander with the words "Blue Balls" on the side. So far, Blue Origin has managed to fly its New Shepard spacecraft to well above 100 kilometers in altitude, reaching the technical boundary of space. The company has also managed to softly land its vehicles following the launch. New Shepard, however, isn't designed to go to the Moon. The company is hoping to use its much larger New Glenn rocket to first bring satellites into orbit before heading to the Moon — but the rocket's maiden voyage has repeatedly been pushed back and is now scheduled to launch some time next year. Blue Origin recently chose to partner with the United Launch Alliance, using the Atlas V rocket to launch its own constellation of broadband-beaming satellites (themselves highly reminiscent of SpaceX's already-operational Starlink system) into orbit — not exactly a vote of confidence for its New Glenn platform. Starship already has seen several full-scale test launches already, albeit with all four ending in massive explosions. SpaceX is hoping to go orbital some time later this year with the enormous spacecraft. Thanks to budget squeezes from Congress, NASA made the difficult decision to chose just one winner for its Human Landing Systems contract. It was a highly controversial moment that saw a single company, SpaceX, winning out over both Dynetics and Blue Origin. The blowback was immediate, with Texas representative Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX) saying that the decision was made "despite the obvious need for a re-baselining of NASA's lunar exploration program, which has no realistic chance of returning US astronauts to the Moon by 2024" in a statement. Choosing just one company is also a blow to the spirit of competition, which will likely land NASA in even more hot water with Congress. With a new NASA administrator, former astronaut and Democratic Senator Bill Nelson, being sworn in just days after the decision, the HLS contract will likely face future challenges and hurdles. When asked during his confirmation if he would commit to adding competition to the agency's lander program, Nelson said that "I do," adding "competition is always good," as quoted by Ars Technica. It's still unclear if NASA will consider signing contracts with SpaceX's competitors for developing future lunar landers. "This is a demonstration of landing a crew on the surface of the Moon, and after that, there’s a lot of activity that can go on," Nelson said. The new administrator's comments didn't satisfy everybody. Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA), who has repeatedly advocated on behalf of Blue Origin in the past, argued that "there can’t be redundancy later; there has to be redundancy now." It's a decisive moment in the country's plans to return American astronauts to the Moon. While SpaceX has made significant strides in developing its Starship platform, it isn't the only space company taking part in the race. With a substantial head start over the competition, Musk is taking the moment to ridicule others' efforts to get us back to the Moon — behavior that doesn't, on its face, seem particularly productive. READ MORE: Jeff Bezos’ Rocket Company Challenges NASA Over SpaceX Moon Lander Deal [The New York Times] More on the contract: NASA Will Require SpaceX to Land Empty Starship on Moon Before Sending Astronauts Share This Article 
The plastic waste crisis is so bad, there's more plastic in the ocean than fish. And while this is a problem that's going to require multiple solutions, we can all do a small part by using less plastic and turning to reusable solutions where we can. nOcean's wearable and reusable silicone straw is designed to offer a convenient way to ditch plastic straws, while never forgetting your straw at home. nOcean was founded with a mission of helping to clean up the ocean and remove single-use plastics from the waste cycle. Half of their profits go to charities that remove plastic from the ocean or that promote reusable and renewable solutions to the plastic waste crisis. After receiving feedback that reusable straw fans kept forgetting theirs at home, this straw was designed to help make it easier to keep your a straw with you at all times. The straw itself is made from medical-grade silicone and surgical steel. Silicone is durable, flexible, soft, and food-safe, not to mention temperature and moisture resistant, so you can use it with hot and cold drinks alike. Surgical steel helps resist germs and keeps you sipping, and the bracelet comes with a cleaning sprig for where you want to give the straw a real scrub. When not in use, simply clasp it around your wrist. It's designed to be light on your wrist or ankle, with a smooth finish for maximum comfort, or hang it from your bag or keychain to keep it handy. It's so light you'll only notice it's there when you're somewhere you need a straw. And it comes in three different styles, to match your personal look. Usually, nOcean's innovative straw costs $20. But for a limited time, you can save 20% and pick one up for just $15.99 Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Four astronauts who traveled to the International Space Station on board the SpaceX Crew Dragon late last week experienced a bit of a scare: believing that a piece of space junk was zipping by too close to comfort, SpaceX HQ at Hawthorne instructed the astronauts to don their spacesuits in case of a collision. But now, according to an investigation by the US Space Command 18th Space Control Squadron (18 SPCS) — a Space Force control unit that's tracking more than 32,000 man-made objects larger than 10 cm in diameter in space 24/7 — the object never even existed. "Upon further analysis, 18 SPCS quickly determined the potential conjunction between the Crew-2 capsule and the object was an inaccurate report," Space Command spokesperson Erin Dick told Futurism in a statement. In a statement to The Associated Press, Dick called it a "reporting error," noting that "that there was never a collision threat because there was no object at risk of colliding with the capsule." "Appropriate notifications were made within minutes and the astronauts safely continued their mission," Dick told Futurism. "The 18 SPCS continued to track Crew-2’s progress to the ISS to ensure safe arrival." The taskforce is now "reviewing the incident to determine the cause of the inaccurate report," according to Dick. SpaceX and NASA's Crew-2 mission delivered the four astronauts to the ISS without a hitch following the space junk incident. The capsule docked with the station early Saturday morning, with the hatch opening as planned roughly two hours later. Some questions remain, however: what caused the reporting error? How did systems on the ground come up with the conclusion that an object was making a close pass? For now, everybody involved is sighing a sigh of relief. "Of course, we're always happy to hear that there never was a threat, but we're also glad the procedures were in place and the crew would have been ready if the threat had been real," Humphries told the AP. READ MORE: False alarm: No space junk threat after all to SpaceX crew [Associated Pres] More on the incident: SpaceX’s Spacecraft Just Had a Near Collision With an Unidentified Object Share This Article 
Tax season is not only stressful due to taxes owed, but for the multitude of problems that can arise when it comes to paying up. Thousands of Americans need help after an IRS audit, when it comes to tax fraud claims, or negotiating tax relief, all without a feasible solution in sight. For those suffering from tax debt troubles, Community Tax is your knight in shining armor for serious tax situations.  Community Tax is one of the most established tax resolution companies, specializing in an area where relief is desperately needed yet hardly available—and never for such an affordable price. The truth is, any average American can easily face tax issues, whether it's an issue with their retirement account paying out properly, paying out-of-state taxes as an interstate worker, or making sure that a capital gains tax is paid properly.  Receiving a threatening letter from the IRS or incurring tax penalties can be overwhelming, which is why Community Tax is here to advocate on your behalf. Community Tax helps consumers settle large sums of IRS and State tax debt and avoid additional penalties or fees by negotiating with the IRS, ensuring that clients receive the best relief package for their particular situation.  Community Tax has earned 5-star Google and TrustPilot reviews for a reason—their transparent, trustworthy two-phase resolution process involves a phone consultation, a thorough investigation, and a comfortable resolution that will leave you tax-debt-free. Rather than asking for a large fee upfront, Community Tax assesses your tax and financial situation for a nominal fee, then receives additional payment once adequate services are completed. All of this is in consideration of the consumer, making Community Tax an affordable option for anyone facing serious tax payments and penalties.  If you're still wondering whether Community Tax is worth it, just consider what a tax specialist can help you do: they can help with penalty abatement, for example. With penalty abatement assistance, the added penalties to tax obligations may be removed, providing unexpected relief to an overburdened debtor. Community Tax is genuinely here to help your tax situation, keeping you informed about their actions and costs every step of the way. That's exactly why customer Richard Mayhew was "very happy with Community Tax: they did what they said, and kept me updated along the way." Because of Community Tax, Richard said his tax problem is finally over—and yours can be, too.  Richard isn't the only one who trusts Community Tax: with four-star reviews from NerdWallet and RetirementLiving, Community Tax has established itself as a trusted leader in the tax resolution sector. If tax season and IRS calls are giving you undue stress, call on Community Tax to represent you and resolve your tax issues today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Water is the building block of life. And as we learn more about dehydration's effects, whether you're a little parched or in serious danger, it becomes clear that keeping some water on you is one of the best things you can do for yourself. The FLPSDE, a dual-chamber water bottle, makes it easy to not only have water handy, but snacks, keys, and a lot more, while leaving no disposable plastic behind. Made from medical-grade stainless steel and BPA-free plastic, the FLPSDE starts as a great water bottle. It holds 20oz of water, making it perfect for both indoors and outdoor hydration. Using vacuum isolation to seal the bottle, it's ideal for both hot and cold liquids. Turn it over and you'll find a chamber on the bottom that can hold up to seven ounces of snacks, making it ideal for trips where you need to save space in your bag for other items, and letting you ditch those wasteful disposable baggies. As Food Network puts it, "If you're excited to stop using single-use plastics, this bottle kills two birds with one stone." The convenient design includes wide mouths on both ends to make it easy to fill, a rubber grip around the middle, and caps with a low profile that help it stand up regardless of which end it's resting on. The FLPSDE also has a built-in carrying handle on the liquid end of the bottle that stows inside the cap, so you can clip it to your bag, or keep it to hand, and go. It's even designed to be easy to clean; just slide out the bottom chamber and you'll be able to scrub every surface, no special brush needed. Keeping your drinks and snacks handy on the go can be a challenge for even the most organized, and doing it without disposable plastic is even more of a challenge. The FLPSDE saves you space and time, and helps you reduce plastic waste. It's available for $35, in five colors. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As the pandemic has essentially moved the world online, the Internet is becoming more susceptible to crimes such as identity theft, phishing, and email scams. Reports suggest that ransomware attacks have surged by a whopping 800-percent, while it is also expected that cybercrime will cost the global economy $6.1 trillion in 2021. And as Cybercrime Magazine reports, if money made from cyber crime was compared to the GDP of countries, it would be the world's third-largest economy. But luckily, using a virtual private network (VPN) goes a long way toward protecting yourself online. And when it comes to finding the right VPN, TunnerlBear is one of the most trusted names in the business. Though a VPN functions in a rather complicated manner, they are pretty simple to understand. It's a tool that encrypts and protects the information you share online. The internet connection is essentially a path between your device and the server that provides you with the information you need. However, many third-parties can enter that connection, meaning that they can see your browsing choices and personal data. For example, your Internet Service Provide (ISP) frequently tracks your browsing preferences and sometimes sells the information to third parties for adverting purposes. But a VPN essentially makes your data unreadable for ISPs, hackers, and other entities that are trying to view your connection. People previously dismissed VPNs as overly complicated. However, TunnelBear is arguably one of the best, most user friendly VPNs available. Apart from basic encryption, TunnelBear allows you to unlock the content that would otherwise not be available in your location, bypassing local censorship. In the process of encryption, TunnelBear changes your IP address (your computer’s ID), meaning that no one will be able to trace or monitor your browsing. TunnelBear does not require excessive computer knowledge. Simply log into the app, select a country you would like to connect from, press ON on the toggle switch, and enjoy browsing. The process applies to any device, no matter if you’re browsing from your Android/iOS, or your laptop/PC. TunnelBear offers 26 countries you can browse from, including Peru, Germany, France, UK, Japan, India, Brazil, and many more. This means that you can browse from anywhere in the world, no matter where you are. Is Netflix not available in the country you are in? With TunnelBear, you can enjoy your favorite episode of The Office or Breaking Bad, no matter where you are. However, browsing from abroad isn’t just exclusive for streaming services - you can access anything using TunnelBear, including news outlets, shopping sites, and more. TunnelBear also boosts your Internet connection by fighting “bandwidth throttling” that ISPs use to regulate network traffic and minimize bandwidth congestion. This way, you can potentially brows, stream, and download significantly faster than before. What’s more, TunnelBear offers you 500MB of VPN data to try for free. This way, you can decide whether it's the right choice before you commit. In these overly complicated times, the Internet has become a machine that can quite easily do more harm than good. However, with tools like TunnelBear, the Internet reverts solely to its primary purpose - safely sharing information. So click here to start making your connections more secure with TunnelBear. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In a grim development, officials say they've found debris from the Indonesian Navy's missing submarine that they believe escaped through a crack in the hull — meaning, experts say, that all crew on board are almost certainly now dead. "We have now moved from the 'sub miss' phase to 'sub sunk,'" Indonesian Navy spokesperson Yudo Margono said at a press conference, according to NBC News.  Margono also said that authorities now believe the sub to have sunk to a depth of 850 meters, a depth where the pressure is far greater than the vehicle's hull was designed to handle. The news also comes on Saturday morning, when the sub's remaining oxygen was expected to be depleted — assuming its hull still had integrity. "We are still carrying out the search," Margono said, but added that the derelict sub's depth makes any recovery operation "very tricky" and "presents many difficulties." Meanwhile, experts reiterated to New York Times that the chances of survival at this point are extremely slim, especially with wreckage detected at the crushing depth of 850 meters. "It’s very heartbreaking," former Indonesian Navy submarine trainer Frans Wuwung told the paper. "I am devastated." Still, Margono said at the press conference, no bodies have yet been recovered, meaning that there's still a tiny glimmer of hope. "There is still hope, I won’t stop hoping," the wife of one of the missing crew members told the NYT. "The men will survive. It hasn’t ended yet." READ MORE: Indonesian submarine: 53 sailors presumed dead as navy says vessel sunk [NBC News] More on the search for the missing sub: Search Party Discovers “Object” During Search for Lost Submarine Share This Article 
Programming is part of the future, and learning to code is becoming more important as part of any career. Python is one of the most useful coding languages to pick up to boost your career, as it's used to drive a wide range of coding projects. Yet if you're new to the language, or coding as a whole, it can be hard to know where to get started. This pay-what-you-want bundle makes picking up this flexible, powerful language both time and budget-friendly. Here's how it works: As people buy the bundle at the price that they want, we track the average of those purchases and show the top buyers on a leaderboard. You can pay any amount and you'll get a portion of the bundle. Beat the average price, and you'll get access to the entire bundle. Beat the current leader on the board and you'll not only get the bundle but you'll also be entered for a giveaway! The courses start with the basics of Python and GitHub and build from there to explore web development, automated post design, building desktop applications, package management, and more. The courses mix instruction with code-along project work so you can "get your hands dirty" with code and apply concepts quickly. They're taught by Shubham Sarda, one of the top online instructors in code who's shown over 20,000 students how to write, implement, and test their code; Global Training, a team of instructors with decades of experience in both coding and self-guided learning; and Prashant Pandey, founder of the Learning Journal with nearly two decades of experience in the IT industry. Whether you want to add Python to your IT skillset or get started with coding, this bundle will show you how to get the most from it. To get started, pay what you want for a portion of the Advanced Python Masterclass & Automation Training Bundle or beat the average price for all 13 courses. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The future will involve a lot of coding. We're networking everything, from our cars to nature itself, so the earlier we understand how code works, the better off we'll be. Twin Science's Introduction To Coding bundle, currently 34% off, has two kits that give kids educational toys to play with that make it fun to code. The kits are developed by Twin Science, with a goal of creating science education that kids can make their own, and have their own fun with. As part of that, for every kit purchased, Twin directs a portion to their Global Science Movement to further science education around the world and improving equity in science education. For example, the Budgie project helps kids with visual impairments get access to science education. That mission is reflected in the two kits in the bundle. The Curiosity Kit, for kids 7-10, is filled with fifteen easy-to-build projects that don't require any heat sources and that are compatible with Lego for even more fun. Each project in the kit is designed to teach problem-solving and analytical thinking while helping kids develop a longer attention span and better motor skills through play. It also lays the groundwork for the Coding Kit, which can also be picked up by kids 9-12. The Coding Kit expands on the projects from the Curiosity Kit by adding Scratch and 50 hours of coding training to the mix to make your own robots. Scratch is a block-based coding language designed for kids that make coding as easy as dragging and dropping. It makes it easy to build features like loops and conditionals, so kids can learn how code uses iteration and if-then construction to operate. Beyond coding, learning about science gives kids the tools to explore the world. Usually, these kits would cost $144 as a set. However, they're currently $94.99, 34% off, a perfect opportunity to give kids a window into the coding world. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everyone knows good shoes are important. The problem is we often have to choose between form and function. If you want to wear sneakers, which are comfortable and stylish, you have to sacrifice durability and safety. If you want to wear work boots, which offer the most protection, you have to endure bulky shoes that leave your feet sweaty and exhausted. But what if you didn’t have to choose? What if you could have the best of all words? Well, if you want work shoes that protect your feet like heavy duty boots but look and feel like sneakers, you need to take a look at Space, the latest genre-busting design from Indestructible Shoes. Whether you work in construction, one of the skilled trades, or you’re just a weekend warrior doing projects around your home, you’ve got to take care of your feet. They are the foundation of your body. Just like the foundation of a house, they provide support and stability for everything up top. If they fail, so does the rest of you. Impact, compression, and puncture injuries can do permanent damage to your feet that can jeopardize your livelihood and quality of life. Luckily, protecting your feet is a lot easier than it used to be thanks to Indestructible Shoes. Indestructible Shoes make shoes that look and feel like sneakers but protect your feet like rugged steel toe boots. Made from high-tech materials that are incredibly strong but still incredibly lightweight, these shoes are designed to handle anything you can throw at them. Indestructible Shoes don’t just keep your feet feeling good, though. This company understands that nobody wants to wear sneakers that protect like work boots if they look stupid. That’s why they put style at the forefront of all their designs, constantly innovating and updating so their shoes always look fresh. In fact, most Indestructible Shoes customers discover that the shoes look so good, they don’t just wear them for construction projects. They wear them everywhere, from the weight room and grocery store to backyard barbecues and Saturday little league. Space, the latest release from Indestructible Shoes, is certainly no exception to this philosophy. Indeed, it’s one of their best designs yet. Indestructible Shoes’ Space design looks similar to other sneakers being made by some of the world’s top brands. It features a one-piece knit upper constructed entirely of ultra breathable flymesh, an incredibly comfortable moisture-wicking material that prevents sweat and odors. And the shoe’s slip-on design makes it easy to take on and off. A partial lace cage provides a little extra support around the ankle. And Space’s extra chunky sole provides maximum cushion for all-day comfort. But that’s just what you see on the outside. There’s a lot more going on below the surface. Like all Indestructible Shoes, Space features heavy-duty steel toes, skid and slip resistant grips, puncture resistant soles made from military grade kevlar, and upgraded insoles with 3D arch support and extra-padded heel cups. However, despite all those safety features, each shoe weighs less than one pound and feel almost impossibly springy and flexible. If you’re somebody who has to wear protective footwear for a living, you probably never dreamed you’d get to wear something that looked and felt this good to work. But that’s the thing about Indestructible Shoes—they’re all about making the impossible possible when it comes to footwear. So click here to order Indestructible Shoes Space, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If 2020 caused you to drink a lot more than normal, you're not alone. Last year the average American drank 14-percent more often, with women's alcohol consumption increasing by 17-percent. And when the pandemic first hit in 2020, online alcohol sales increased by a whopping 339%. Now, after a year of hard-drinking, the sober-curious trend is becoming even more popular with people who are tired of hangovers and alcohols other negative side effects. So if you've been considering cutting back on your consumption without having to give up drinking altogether, you need to hear about Haus low alcohol apéritifs. While newer to the States, apéritifs have been popular in Europe for centuries. They have the flavor complexity of a cocktail but are low enough in alcohol - stronger than wine, lighter than whiskey. Apéritifs are complex in flavor, lower in alcohol, and ideal to sip all evening. And Haus makes some of the best Apéritifs around. Haus is a new kind of alcohol brand, and they're doing everything differently - starting with the ingredients. They source the highest quality fruits, herbs, and botanicals from trusted farmers and purveyors who supply Michelin-star restaurants. Then their team blends every bottle in their Sonoma-based warehouse, and ships your bottle of Haus straight to you in packaging made from recycled materials. Haus makes their apéritifs with only real ingredients, and in a variety of flavors, providing something for every palate. Our favorites include the Ginger Yuzu, Spiced Cherry, Lemon Lavender, and Bitter Clove. Ginger Yuzu is equal parts bold and fragrant, and puts a modern twist on ginger’s ancient roots. It's made with yuzu, ginger, Rooibos tea, and lemongrass. It's delicious on the rocks or with a spritz of tonic. Light and botanical, the Lemon Lavender flavor is a bright blend of lemon peel, lavender, chamomile, and coriander. Enjoy it with sparkling water or a splash of lemonade for a refreshing cocktail at the end of a long day. Spiced and herbaceous, Bitter Clove was designed as a whiskey-inspired aperitif that will keep you feeling warm all year long. Crafted with ingredients like star anise, clove, and Saigon cinnamon, it’s lovely neat or on the rocks. Likewise, the Spiced Cherry flavor is rich and fruit-forward with just the right amount of flavor. This apéritif boasts deep flavor from cherry, anise seed, fragrant Tellicherry pepper, and cocoa nibs. Sip it on the rocks or mix it with your favorite brown liquor. If you're keen on trying Haus, but not sure where to start, we recommend The Sampler Kit. This fully customizable kit allows you to sip your way through four of Haus' magnificent apéritif flavors including Ginger Yuzu, Spiced Cherry, Lemon Lavender, and Bitter Clove. It also allows you to mix and match your favorite Haus flavors or simply try new ones to discover new cocktails to enjoy. Delicious whichever way you mix and match, each 200ml bottle is perfectly sized to make 2-3 drinks, making The Sampler Kit the perfect choice for anyone looking to elevate their drinking experience. So what are you waiting for? Click here to try The Sampler Kit or any one of Haus's deliciously flavored apéritifs to change not only how you drink, but the quality of what you drink. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A toaster-sized scientific instrument attached to NASA's Perseverance rover just sucked up a bit of carbon dioxide from the surrounding Martian atmosphere and converted it into oxygen. It's a groundbreaking first that could lead to a future in which space travelers are not only able to generate air to breathe, but rocket fuel to get them back to Earth as well — while still on Mars. The instrument, called the Mars Oxygen In-Situ Resource Utilization Experiment (MOXIE), is a technology demonstration that could eventually be scaled up to produce enough propellant to enable a crew of astronauts to take off from the surface of the Red Planet. "This is a critical first step at converting carbon dioxide to oxygen on Mars," said Jim Reuter, associate administrator of NASA’s Space Technology Mission Directorate (STMD), in a statement. "MOXIE has more work to do, but the results from this technology demonstration are full of promise as we move toward our goal of one day seeing humans on Mars." "Oxygen isn’t just the stuff we breathe," he added. "Rocket propellant depends on oxygen, and future explorers will depend on producing propellant on Mars to make the trip home." To get a crew of four astronauts off of the Martian surface, you would need about 15,000 pounds of rocket fuel and 55,0000 pounds of oxygen, according to NASA. To breathe, though, you'd only need about a metric ton for a crew of four for an entire year, according to MOXIE’s principal investigator Michael Hecht. Schlepping all that oxygen all the way to Mars would be complicated and costly. That's why scientists are considering extracting oxygen in situ. To convert the carbon dioxide, MOXIE had to heat up the gas to about 1,470 degrees Fahrenheit. It managed to produce about five grams of oxygen, which is about 10 minutes worth of breathable oxygen. It generates up to ten grams of oxygen per hour. Hecht is now planning to "push the envelope" and have MOXIE try new operating modes or attempt to extract oxygen at varying temperatures. "MOXIE isn’t just the first instrument to produce oxygen on another world," said Trudy Kortes, director of technology demonstrations within the Directorate. It’s also the first to lay the groundwork for future missions that could make use of in situ resources. First, we had NASA's Mars helicopter Ingenuity perform the first ever controlled flight on the surface of another planet — and now this. Hats off to NASA's tremendous efforts to bring Mars nearer to us than ever before. READ MORE: NASA's Perseverance Mars Rover Extracts First Oxygen From Red Planet [NASA] More on Perseverance: NASA’s Mars Helicopter Achieves Flight on Red Planet Share This Article 
Nothing is more essential to a productive day than a good night's sleep. And if you're one of the 33 percent of people who suffer from abnormal sleeping patterns during hot weather, you're probably dreading the thought of summer. Our bodies need a room temperature of about 65°F (18.3°C) to create the perfect sleeping environment. But for many people, it's impossible to get their bedrooms to maintain that perfect temp. Luckily, there's the Embr Wave Bracelet. Rather than change the temperature of the room, it helps control your own body temperature. The Embr Wave is the world's first bracelet designed to help your body feel the perfect temperature regardless of your situation. It's like a wearable personal thermostat that warms up or cools down at the press of a button... literally. Press the blue side of the button to cool things down, or the red side to heat things up. Once you press the button, you'll instantly feel the temperature sensation. And with the Embr Wave, you’re always in control. The longer you hold the button, the more intense the temperature sensation becomes. Additionally, The Wave pairs with a mobile app to give you more control over how you feel. You can use it to personalize your experience with different modes and settings so you're always comfortable. Synthesizing temperature in the right spot can make a big impact on how your body feels. By cooling or warming the temperature-sensitive skin on the inside of your wrist, the Embr Wave can make you feel hotter or colder. It does this with a ceramic tile that faces your skin. Once you press the button to active your Wave, this tile heats up or cools down immediately. The Wave’s thermal sensations, which are referred to as Waveforms, have been carefully engineered to maximize the feeling you get from each pulse, while also balancing power consumption to allow you to cool or warm for longer periods on a single charge. When you feel something warm or cold, a lot more is happening than you might think. Temperature changes are detected by nerve endings in your skin called thermoreceptors. They send signals to your brain that affect everything from your physical comfort to your emotional state. On the inside of your wrist is a special spot that has a very high density of thermoreceptors. The Wave only needs to cool or warm a small area in order to create a big difference in how you feel overall. The Embr Wave targets this area to cool or warm your skin, triggering your nerves to send a signal to your brain. Your brain naturally processes the thermal sensation, which triggers a reaction from your body to regulate your temperature in the direction you want it to go. It's just that simple. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Like something straight out of a science-fiction horror movie — and there are plenty of examples to chose from — a 21-year-old from Scandinavia says he was paired with a video of his younger self doing explicit sexual acts when he recently logged back on to cam chat service Omegle. Back when he was younger, the man, identified by the first name Michael in the BBC's reporting, sometimes used the site to masturbate with strangers. "I started going on the site again and started doing 'stuff' on camera with different people," Michael told the BBC. "Video sex." But he had no idea his younger self would come back to haunt him. "I'd quit the site for over a year but one afternoon I randomly got paired with a video of myself on the website doing 18+ stuff," Michael told the British broadcaster. "Someone had recorded me masturbating and had been using it for at least a year." Understandably, Michael was horrified. The service wasn't just simply playing a recording. "It was like a fully advanced system with different video sequences of me doing different stuff," he recalled. Omegle told the BBC it was "deeply disturbed" by the story and is hoping to enhance its "moderation practices to eliminate" any chances of the situation happening again. "The inappropriate behavior that has occurred, while a very small percentage of the millions of daily interactions, is deeply disturbing to me and unacceptable," Omegle creator Leif K Brooks told the broadcaster. "I am constantly stressed about it, but I find peace that at least my face is not in it," Michael said. "But it pains me I am used that way to hurt other people. In fact, I believe this is the way I was groomed into the site as a 14-year-old, although I can't confirm the other person was fake at that time." It's a troubling story, especially considering the website saw a massive increase in traffic during the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly among younger people. Shockingly, as the BBC points out, there is no way to report strangers on the website. "I can't imagine how distressing it must be to find someone using a video of yourself in this way, but these virtual cam bots are something we do see being used to trick and coerce children into sexual activity," Sarah Smith, from the internet safety charity The Internet Watch Foundation, told the BBC. The company claims it is using an automated artificial intelligence-based system to monitor the site around the clock, yet Michael's story goes to show that it's still impossible to crack down on sex-baiting bots. READ MORE: Omegle: 'I'm being used as sex-baiting bot' on video chat site [BBC] More on deepfakes: Young Female Twitter Star Turns Out to Be 50-Year-Old Man Using Deepfakes  Share This Article 
A Tesla Model S was involved in a fatal and fiery crash near Houston, Texas, over the weekend. Confounding first responders was the fact that nobody was in the driver's seat, leading many to believe the vehicle may have had its Autopilot feature turned on at the time of the deadly wreck. But according to a tweet by Tesla CEO — and ersatz PR manager — Elon Musk, "data showed that data logs recovered so far show Autopilot was not enabled and this car did not purchase FSD," referring to an optional "Full Self-Driving" package. That explanation, however, wasn't entirely convincing. The National Transportation Safety Board started an investigation into the crash, The New York Times reports, sending two investigators to Texas to figure out what happened leading up to the crash. Law enforcement sources also told Reuters that they had executed a search warrant to obtain data from Tesla about the crash following Musk's tweets about Autopilot not playing a role. "If he is tweeting that out, if he has already pulled the data, he hasn’t told us that," Mark Herman, local Harris County constable, told Reuters. "We will eagerly wait for that data." According to Reuters, Saturday's crash is the 28th Tesla accident to be investigated by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA). Twenty-three of them, all believed to be tied to Autopilot use, remain active. Many questions remain about the mystifying crash, but witnesses are starting to offer at least some insight into what took place. "We have witness statements from people that said they left to test drive the vehicle without a driver and to show the friend how it can drive itself," Herman added. If these statements are to be believed, they would contradict Musk's comments about Autopilot being disengaged during the crash. Did Autopilot play any role in the crash? Was the feature ever activated during the fatal drive, or was it deactivated immediately prior to the wreck? As of right now, Tesla's Autopilot feature still requires drivers to sit in the driver's seat, even though hands don't necessarily need to be touching the wheel at all times. But as reckless stunts uploaded to social media show, the feature can also easily be tricked into believing a driver is in the driver's seat. It's high time for Tesla to come forward and fully cooperate with local enforcement — if, that is, it isn't already. READ MORE: Texas police to demand Tesla crash data as Musk denies Autopilot use [Reuters] More on the crash: Fire Chief: Reports of Fiery Tesla Crash Grossly Exaggerated Share This Article 
As the world becomes more connected, the cybersecurity risk to our data becomes higher. Even tech CEOs struggle to keep their private data from being leaked as part of the daily breaches and invasions in the headlines. If you're working in IT or looking to change careers, this CompTIA certification bundle will show you how to get the certifications in security infrastructure you need to protect your team and climb the IT ladder. The bundle offers four certification exam courses from iCollege, which has been helping people get ahead in their careers with online courses since 2003. The 111-hour bundle is designed for all skill levels, from new students looking to choose a career path to experienced professionals looking to add more to their resumes. Certifications from the Computer Trade Industry Association, CompTIA, are vendor-neutral and designed to build on top of the skills you already have, perfect for distance learning. First, the course on the CompTIA CASP+ (CAS-003) exam discusses cryptography, authentication & authorization, implementing security at the system level and across software life cycles, and cybersecurity incident response. The course for the CompTIA PenTest+ (PT0-001) certification looks at how penetration testers, pentesters for short, develop, design, and implement examinations of security networks, analyze the potential vulnerabilities they find, and apply solutions. Studying for the CompTIA CySA+ (CS0-001) will teach you how to perform environmental and network reconnaissance, develop a countermeasure strategy, find vulnerabilities in a corporate system, and forensically analyze cybersecurity incidents. And the CompTIA Security+ (SY0-501) certification delves into security at the operational, informational, application, and infrastructure level, including network security, confidentiality, network policies, and risk mitigation. Normally these certification courses cost $1,180, even bundled together. But right now, you can save an extra $10 off a bundle already discounted at 97%, and get the whole bundle for $29.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Two men died in a fiery crash involving a Tesla Model S over the weekend after the vehicle reportedly veered off the road near Houston, TX at high speeds and crashed into a tree. Mysteriously, neither of the occupants were in the driver's seat in the moments leading up to the crash, leading to widespread speculation that Autopilot may have been involved. Then, Tesla CEO Elon Musk threw cold water on the theory, tweeting that "data logs recovered so far show Autopilot was not enabled." This is where the story gets even stranger. According to local TV station KHOU, responders spent four long hours and 30,000 gallons worth of water to put out a raging fire caused by the vehicle's ruptured lithium-ion batteries. Crews even reportedly reached out to Tesla to ask how to put out the fire. But that reporting may have been grossly exaggerated, according to first hand reports. In a statement to the Houston Chronicle, local fire chief Palmer Buck said that the fire was put down in just "two to three minutes, enough to see the vehicle had occupants. After that, it was simply cooling the car as the batteries continued to have a chain reaction due to damage." Buck also said that the electric vehicle's battery was an example of how "we need to keep up with technology." It did, however, take several hours to get the woodland area around the crash cool enough prevent a wild fire. "We could not tear it apart or move it around to get ‘final extinguishment’ because the fact that we had two bodies in there and it was then an investigation-slash-crime scene," Buck told the Chronicle. "We had to keep it cool, were on scene for four hours," the fire chief explained, "but we were simply pouring a little bit of water on it. It was not because flames were coming out. It was a reaction in the battery pan. It was not an active fire." Buck also told the newspaper that responders didn't reach out to Tesla, since the company "has an emergency manual for first responders" — seemingly contradicting KHOU's claim that the firefighters had reached out to Tesla. "We did not [call Tesla], and I do not know where [that rumor] came from," he said. "There is a chance someone else did, maybe the Harris County Fire Marshal, but we did not call [Tesla]." The fire chief noted that putting out a fire in a Tesla is a little different from a regular vehicle, because the reinforced steel frame doesn't allow "jaws of life" equipment, common hydraulic rescue tools used to cut crash victims free, to slice through. READ MORE: TX fire chief slams inaccurate Tesla crash coverage with firsthand details on Model S fire [Teslarati] More on the fire: Elon Musk: Autopilot Wasn’t Engaged During Fatal Driverless Crash Share This Article 
Over the weekend, a Tesla Model S crashed into a tree, killing its two occupants. Mysteriously, investigators found with "100 percent" certainty that neither of them were in the driver's seat. "Several of our folks are reconstructionists, but they feel very confident just with the positioning of the bodies after the impact that there was no one driving that vehicle," Harris County constable Mark Herman told local Houston news station KHOU. The implication, clearly, was that the vehicle's self-driving capabilities had been engaged at the time of the grisly wreck. Considering the number of reckless stunts and videos uploaded to social media showing motorists out of the driver's seat while a Tesla was racing down a highway, it was perhaps the likeliest scenario. But now, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has chimed in on Twitter to claim that "data logs recovered so far show Autopilot was not enabled and this car did not purchase FSD," referring to an optional "Full Self-Driving" package, which doesn't actually allow the vehicle to fully drive itself, but does enhance Tesla's self-driving experience. Musk also said that "standard Autopilot would require lane lines to turn on, which this street did not have." Musk's explanation seemed carefully worded, though, prompting sharp and unanswered questions from close Tesla observers. "But a Tesla owner just demonstrated today that Autopilot works without lane markings and goes over the speed limit in 25 mph roads," New York Times auto reporter Neal Boudette replied to Musk's comment. "What data exactly have you recovered from the car? You say AP was not enabled, do you mean at the time of the crash? What about the secs/mins before?" Indeed, a video uploaded to YouTube by the account Dirty Tesla in 2019 shows Autopilot following the road without lane markings while traveling at 50 mph. As Electrek points out, Tesla has a track record of skewing the data it presents following a crash. "For example, the automaker has told the media that the driver’s hands weren’t detected on the steering wheel prior to a crash, but Tesla can’t detect hands on their steering wheel and can only detect torque being applied to the wheel," Electrek editor-in-chief Fred Lambert wrote. In other words, we should take Tesla's handling of this PR crisis — which its CEO is covering because it fired its PR department — with a healthy grain of salt. Meanwhile, federal investigators are probing the same questions. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has since announced that it is investigating the crash, tweeting that its investigation "will focus on the vehicle’s operation and the post-crash fire. NTSB investigators will arrive in the area later this afternoon." There's no doubt Teslas are overall fairly safe vehicles, at least compared to the rest of the market. The company prides itself on making some of the safest vehicles on the road. But we have seen a continuous stream of incidents, many involving Autopilot, that have resulted in needless deaths. Now, it's using the public as beta testers for its latest version of its Full Self-Driving feature. Maybe it's time for the company, and Elon Musk, to rework its approach to self-driving technologies — or at least its communications strategy. READ MORE: Elon Musk claims Tesla involved in fatal crash with no one in driver’s seat wasn’t on Autopilot [Electrek] More on Autopilot: Two Die in Fiery Tesla Wreck, Seemingly in Self-Driving Mode Share This Article 
Cannabis is so popular, we've even sent it to space. Yet, despite its rising acceptance and popularity, storage solutions haven't kept up, with glass jars, baggies, or the old-school stash box still tucked away in desk drawers. If you'd rather have your cannabis in containers that fit your style, Stori has simple, elegant storage solutions for all your cannabis products, that you can easily take with you. Each case is made of performance plastics and comes with six pods and six tubes, each with a lid in a distinct color that makes it easy to organize your rerolls and grab the strain you want. If you want to get more detailed, the pods and tubes are dry-erase friendly, making them easy to label and share. There's also room in the case for rolling papers, vapes, and other accessories, so you'll always have what you need. Each pod and tube is made of food-grade plastic that won't transfer smells or tastes to your strains and has an airtight lid that's child and pet-resistant, keeping smells contained and moisture away. It's all wrapped up in a clean design that looks good no matter where you're taking it. One user comments, "No scent when the stori is locked which is great for storing in a common area (Kitchen cabinet, garage, bathroom vanity). Perfect for managing multiple strains and not having them dry out, also with a small storage area for papers, my grinder, filters, and my vaporizer." Stori extends the organizational aspect with the Stori app. The app helps you sort, track, and rate what you've bought and tried over time, with places to log price, amount, storage type, THC content, and date of purchase, making it easier to remember what you should smoke first. Over time, the app uses that data to recommend other strains and products you might be interested in, particularly useful as the industry expands and more research and opinion comes to bear on the different markets. Typically, you'd pay $220 for a full Stori kit, but currently, you can get one for $164.95, 25% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
You probably already know this, but cereal is one of the most convenient foods on the planet. You simply pour it in a bowl, add milk, and enjoy. Unfortunately, it's basically a bowl of empty carbs. Many cereals make claims about being healthy, but data indicates most name brands are over-processed, with many filler ingredients like unnecessary added sugar. And since one in three Americans is on a diet that restricts carbs and sugar, cereal is often a forbidden treat. But luckily, Magic Spoon is the delicious guilt-free cereal that anyone can enjoy. As you probably suspect, Magic Spoon isn't the cereal you grew up with as a kid. It's better. Imagine everything you love about a bowl full of empty calories, but with a healthy twist. Yes, Magic Spoon is a cereal that tastes too good to be true, but it's not. That's because it isn't just a low-carb cereal, it's also gluten-free, with zero sugar and added protein. Each box has only 4 net carbs, 13-14 grams of complete protein, 140 calories, and nothing artificial. And it comes in a variety of flavors you learned to love as a child. This includes fruity, frosted, cocoa, and peanut butter, all of which are featured in the Variety Pack. Magic Spoon is a healthy alternative to the cereals you know and love. That's because it's made with ingredients that you can recognize, and not the gross fillers listed on the back of your favorite brand-name cereal. To do this, Magic Spoon re-engineered the same great taste of your childhood favorites with grown-up ingredients. On average, leading brands of cereal contain upwards of 30 grams net carbs, while Magic Spoon manages to deliver a bowl of tasty goodness with only 4 grams. Most importantly, it has no sugar, but not because they're using addictive sugar substitutes. To achieve that sweet and delicious taste you remember, the company uses a combination of monk fruit, stevia, and allulose. Allulose is a “rare” sugar found in things like figs and maple syrup. It tastes just like “regular” sugar but has almost zero glycemic impact and almost zero calories (less than 0.4 cal/g). Plus it's grain-free, gluten-free and each serving has 12 - 14 grams of added protein. Magic Spoon Grain-Free Cereal is really a game changer for anyone who loves cereals but not all the unhealthy filler ingredients. It caters to a sweet tooth and a healthy lifestyle. So what are you waiting for? Order your Variety Pack and enjoy your favorite childhood breakfasts without the guilt. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff Share This Article 
A Tesla Model S crashed into a tree and burst into flames on Saturday evening in Spring, Texas, not far from Houston — but investigators of the wreck found neither of its occupants in the driver's seat. Following the fatal crash, two bodies were removed from the wreck, neither of which was actually behind the wheel. One person was in the front passenger seat, while the other body was found in the backseat. "They are 100 percent certain that no one was in the driver seat driving that vehicle at the time of impact," Harris County constable Mark Herman told local Houston news station KHOU. "They are positive." "Several of our folks are reconstructionists, but they feel very confident just with the positioning of the bodies after the impact that there was no one driving that vehicle," he added. Thanks to the vehicle's massive battery it took enormous amounts of water — about 30,000 gallons worth — to put out the blaze. "Normally when the fire department arrives, they have the vehicle fire in control in minutes, but this went on close to four hours," Herman said. Crews even reached out to Tesla to ask how to put out the fire. Investigators believe the car failed to make a turn while traveling at high speeds and crashed into the tree, sparking the blaze. It's still unclear if self-driving mode was engaged, but seems overwhelmingly likely. There have been countless instances of crashes occurring while the car's self-driving feature was turned on over the last couple of years, suggesting that Tesla drivers place far too much trust in the company's "self-driving" technologies. Some drivers reportedly fell asleep while the Autopilot feature was turned on. Others can be seen performing even more egregious stunts. In January for instance, TikTok star Johnathon Cook uploaded a video of himself setting up a bed in the back seat of a Tesla Model 3 while it was driving itself down a highway. Just last month, pair of underage teens in Daytona Beach, Florida, were caught ghost riding a Tesla Model Y. Their excuse: the Tesla was driving itself. Tesla CEO Elon Musk has refused calls to improve the vehicles' driver monitoring system in the past, suggesting that improvements like eye tracking or infrared sensors would be "ineffective." The crash occurred just hours after Musk tweeted that "Tesla with Autopilot engaged now approaching 10 times lower chance of accident than average vehicle," referencing a Tesla Q1 safety report. With the cars' current tech, drivers still have to be in the driver's seat ready to take over the wheel at a moment's notice. However, as we have seen earlier this year in Cook's video, these features can easily be fooled into thinking that somebody is in control when in fact nobody's actually behind the wheel. While the drivers aren't entirely blameless, Tesla's brand positioning on its technology is arguably problematic. To date, the car company still offers a feature called "Full Self-Driving," which isn't in fact what its name suggests. The company even got dinged by a German court, which said the name amounted to false advertising. This weekend's incident raises a difficult question yet again: where does the blame fall? Is Tesla culpable to any degree in tempting its drivers to drive down a highway without sitting behind the wheel — or are all of these incidents simply a matter of reckless driving? What's unmistakable at this point in time is the considerable cost in human lives. Tesla could go a long way in clearing up its messaging, especially in the eye of the public, and not just among car enthusiasts and journalists. READ MORE: Two people killed in fiery Tesla crash with no one driving [The Verge] More on Autopilot: Underage Teens Caught Joyriding Tesla, Claim It Was Driving Itself Share This Article 
NASA's Mars helicopter has made history. Ingenuity, a small, four-pound rotorcraft that was dropped off by the agency's Perseverance rover earlier this year, became the first manmade object to achieve powered, controlled flight on the surface of another planet earlier this morning. It's a feat that could revolutionize the way we explore the surface of other planets, including Mars, in the medium-term future. "You wouldn’t believe what I just saw," Perseverance's official Twitter account wrote, taking the tone of a proud parent. Images taken by the rover from several hundred feet away show the tiny helicopter zip up several feet into the air after spinning up its twin rotors. The helicopter spun up its wings to 2,500 revolutions per minute — much faster than helicopter blades back on Earth — and flew to a height of around ten feet. It managed to hover there for roughly 30 seconds before making its descent. The news comes after Ingenuity had to delay its flight by roughly a week to complete a software update. You wouldn’t believe what I just saw.  More images and video to come...#MarsHelicopterhttps://t.co/PLapgbHeZU pic.twitter.com/mbiOGx4tJZ — NASA's Perseverance Mars Rover (@NASAPersevere) April 19, 2021  During its historic first flight, Ingenuity — "the little rotorcraft that could," as NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab (JPL) dubbed it this morning — took the time to snap a picture of the dusty area below it. Its shadow can be seen imprinted below — more unmistakable proof that the helicopter actually did take flight. The engineers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab were ecstatic. Elated after years of hard work coming to fruition, Ingenuity project manager MiMi Aung could be seen ripping up contingency papers on camera. I love this! Ingenuity Project Manager MiMi Aung rips up contingency papers after first successful #MarsHelicopter flight is confirmed.  Congratulations to the team for making history this morning by accomplishing something that has never been done before! pic.twitter.com/aELSKWAnra — Thomas Zurbuchen (@Dr_ThomasZ) April 19, 2021  "Ingenuity's reporting that it has performed spin up, take off, climb, hover, descent, landing, touchdown, and spin down," Håvard Grip, Ingenuity chief pilot at JPL, could be heard saying, followed by cheers and applause in the control room. "Ingenuity has performed its first flight — the first flight of a powered aircraft on another planet!" he added. "We've been talking for so long about our Wright brothers moment," Aung said. "And here it is." "As an homage to the two innovative bicycle makers from Dayton, this first of many airfields on other worlds will now be known as Wright Brothers Field," NASA associate administrator Thomas Zurbuchen wrote in a tweet commemorating the moment. It's a groundbreaking moment in off-world planet exploration. "It's important to have the aerial dimension in the context of human exploration of Mars, of which we're dreaming [about], even now," Zurbuchen said during NASA's official stream. "Perseverance got us to Mars," NASA's JPL Twitter account wrote. "With Ingenuity, we soar higher." More on Ingenuity: NASA Says Oops, Mars Helicopter Needs Software Update to Fly  Share This Article 
We tend to associate AI with science and math, yet it's coming into the art world as well. Photography, in particular, has been a focus of machine learning from the beginning, and for experts and aspiring artists alike, it's achieved some breathtaking results on tiny budgets. This Luminar 4 bundle not only brings award-winning AI to the light table to edit your photos, it includes a suite of add-ons to create specific moods from the fantastic to the gritty. Luminar has collected a pile of awards and high praise from critics since it first launched in 2016, including best photo software of 2020 from the EISA and best photo plug-in of 2017 and 2019 from the Technical Image Press Association. Luminar, currently on version 4, uses cutting-edge machine learning to refine photographs by enhancing skies, improving skin tone, adding or erasing objects, and more. Use it as a plug-in for your favorite software, or use it on its own to quickly add a layer of polish to any photo. Also included are three Add-Ons and Lookup Tables (LUTs) that add stormy skies, fantasy planets, urban style, and grit, or an old-school analog look to your shots. It's a great introduction if you're new to AI and want to experiment with it, and to see how Add-ons and LUTs can subtly change the emotional tone of a photo. Finally, while an AI editor is a good tool to have, improving your shooting game gives the software more to work with. Luminar's developer, Skylum, has developed a photography fundamentals course with ThinkTapLearn to help you refine your photography style and develop approaches to new techniques, whether you're taking snapshots with your phone or using a DSLR to capture the best images possible. Normally this would cost $270 if you bought it all separately. But right now, you can save 85% and get the bundle for just $39.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Drinking is fun, but it also carries plenty of negative side-effects in the bargain. Luckily, if you’ve decided to wake up with your last hangover, you don’t have to completely give up the rituals and sensations associated with cocktails, beer, and wine, because non alcoholic beverages have come a long way in recent years. And for the very best in alcohol-free drinks, there’s only one place to turn: Better Rhodes. Better Rhodes is an online store devoted exclusively to non alcoholic beverages. It offers specially curated selections of only the finest products, which have been painstakingly compiled by their team of knowledgeable experts. The best way to explore the one-of-a-kind Better Rhodes inventory is to browse their online shop, but here’s a sampling of a few of the best products you can get right now: Quitting drinking can be an intimidating prospect, so it’s possible you’re not ready to jump on the wagon cold turkey. If you consider yourself “Sober Curious,” The Sober Curious Elevated Welcome Pack from Better Rhodes is the clear way to go. Each Welcome Pack includes its own assortment of products designed to please the Sober Curious drinker, including a bottle of Chardonnay, a bottle of Rosé, two IPAs, two ales, and at least 6 canned ready-to-drink AF cocktails. Whether you’re ready to quit drinking altogether or just want to dip your toes in the hot tub of sobriety, the Sober Curious Elevated Welcome Pack is a clear choice for introducing yourself to an assortment of products Better Rhodes has to offer. You can get one now for just $56.99. Some drinkers like cocktails, wines, liquors, and so on, but if you’re more of a meat and potatoes beer drinker Better Rhodes has you covered as well. For proof, plunk down $19.99 on a Better Rhodes craft beer collection, with six of the very best non-alcoholic craft beers now available. If you’re ready to quit drinking alcohol without giving up the complex flavors of your new favorite craft beers, check out the #DeliciousAF Beer Sampler Pack from Better Rhodes. If your taste runs more to the bubbly side, Better Rhodes and Grüvi have an ideal way to get your started with non-alcoholic champagne products like Dry Secco (non-alcoholic prosecco) and Bubbly Rosé. They’re built on a foundation of hand-picked and blended wine grapes, and their wine is semi-dry, with floral and tart endnotes. Each serving is 0.0% alcohol, 10 ounces and boasts only 50 calories for the Dry Secco and 60 for the Rosé. If you’re counting calories, you might also be pleased to know that it’s all completely free of gluten and sulfates. These are just three of the best items currently available from the Better Rhodes online store here, and it won’t take long for you to see they have a lot more great stuff for your drinking, non-alcoholic pleasure. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Infrared energy is truly amazing stuff. Scientists have put it to use trapping infected mosquitos and even powering devices without a battery. And if you need to relax, infrared can offer a soothing heat that reaches deep into your body. The MiHIGH Heated Sauna Blanket takes that a step further, with a sauna you can fit in a suitcase and use anywhere you have an outlet. A gentle heat has been used for health purposes for centuries; the first sauna dates back as far as 2000 BCE. Heat relaxes blood vessels, allowing more blood flow into stiff areas. This in turn provides more oxygen and nutrients to tissues and helps the lymph system do its job of clearing away lactic acid and other byproducts of exercise that can stiffen you up. Sweating also helps this natural cycle, as one of the methods the body uses to get rid of unwanted elements. The MiHIGH uses the same far-infrared wavelengths as a traditional "box" sauna, yet it's simple to set up. Just roll it out on a heatproof comfortable surface, like a bed or exercise mat, plug it in, and use the remote control to set your preferred temperature. Tuck in for thirty minutes up to an hour while listening to calming music, practicing your mindfulness, or just stepping out of the rush of the day for a while. Then get up and go about your day with that post-sauna energy, with a relaxed body and mind. It's ideal for situations where you want the feel of a sauna, but don't have the time to head to the spa, or when you know you'll be working out on the road. It packs easily into the included bag, and it's made of non-toxic fabrics with a waterproof interior. It's even a worthwhile investment if you lead an active lifestyle. One user remarks, "I train 4-5 days a week and also deal with a health issue that causes intense muscle spasms and tremors. My blanket has been a huge help with recovery and detox." Usually $499, the MiHIGH is currently 14% off, just $424.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Video games can be fun, art, or both, but most often they're best when played with friends. Yet online gaming can come with privacy concerns. This gamer's bundle offers you the tools to protect yourself, while also spending time with your besties and getting free games to boot. On the gaming side of things, you get a year of PlayStation Plus. While a subscription to the service is necessary to use online multiplayer features in your games, PlayStation Plus comes with a lot more. Every month, you'll get two free PS4 games to play for the length of your membership exclusive store discounts and content only available to members 100 GB of cloud storage so you can pick up your game on a friend's console and Share Play, letting you loan your games to a friend. To protect your console, and everything else, the bundle includes a lifetime subscription to KeepSolid VPN for up to five different devices. Virtual private networks guard your data by routing all traffic through a separate secure server, so any attempt to track you dead-ends at their servers, not your router. KeepSolid builds on this security by giving you a wide choice of VPN protocols, no limits on speed or bandwidth, and AES 256-bit encryption, the only publicly available cypher considered secure enough by the US government to transmit top-secret information. KeepSolid offers more than 500 servers in 80 countries, providing what you need to enjoy your games, streaming services, and other subscriptions anywhere in the world, and offers diagnostic tools, favorite servers, and other features to make using your VPN as simple as starting an app. If that doesn't entice you, consider that PC Mag gave VPN Unlimited its Top VPN award, while Tech.Co remarks, “From its simple interface to its genuinely practical features, VPN Unlimited has plenty to recommend it.” Combined, these would be $258 at MSRP, but this bundle is $49.99, 80% off the retail price. Whether as a gift for a gamer in your life, or a way to stay connected with friends, it's the best way to keep playing. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Let’s face it, the world of 2021 is a disappointment in a lot of ways. But if you live in a state with legal weed, your future is just a little bit brighter. Thanks to innovative weed delivery companies like Eaze and Emjay, you can have a wide variety of cannabis products delivered right to your door, instead of having to buy it in some back alley like a criminal. The most popular weed delivery app is probably Eaze, which is essentially Uber for legal marijuana. Like ride-share apps, Eaze provides a platform for merchants to sell their products quickly and easily to interested customers like you. Every retailer on Eaze has been thoroughly vetted for quality, safety, and legality, so you can make your selections in the comfort of your own home with total peace of mind, provided you can prove you’re 21 or older before you start an account. Eaze offers much more than just marijuana on its platform. You can get anything from vapes, edibles, flowers, and pre-rolls to drinks and concentrates, just to name a few. One innovative feature of the Eaze platform is its color-coding system which indicates what variety of cannabis the product in question contains: Yellow for sativa products; blue for indica products; green for hybrid products (combinations of sativa and indica); and purple for non-psychoactive CBD products. Another brand making cannabis delivery easier and better than ever is Emjay. Founded soon after marijuana was legalized in California, Emjay is a universal one-stop marketplace for quality-tested, legal cannabis products. Emjay seeks to keep its prices as low as possible, and offers competitive rates compared to your local in-person dispensary. Some delivery apps have become notorious for price markups, but Emjay is engineered for total pricing transparency. Once you make your selection, it will be promptly delivered right to your door by a professional courier, and the delivery is totally free. How is this possible? Unlike apps like Uber or Doordash, Emjay is a vertically integrated platform that handles all inventory itself, rather than just acting as a middleman between you and other retailers. They own all their own infrastructure, train all their own delivery drivers, and control every segment of the process. It probably goes without saying that Eaze and Emjay represent two different approaches to the weed delivery business, each with their own advantages and disadvantages. So the best way to determine which one is right for you is to head over to their respective sites and get more information. Check out Eaze here, and Emjay here, and see for yourself. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We're getting close to the halfway point of 2020, and so far this year has been...well, you know. But believe it or not, things could actually be a lot worse. If this were, say, 2005, there would be no Netflix. There would be no Tik Tok. There would be no UberEats. There would be no Amazon Prime. There would be no Animal Crossing. And perhaps worst of all, there would be no CBD gummies to order off the internet and have delivered right to your door. As you probably know, people take CBD because they believe it provides gentle, side-effect-free relief from a wide variety of conditions, including stress, anxiety, insomnia, pain, and inflammation. According to a Gallup poll conducted last summer, 20 percent of Americans between the ages of 18 and 29 said they used CBD products on a regular basis, while 16 percent of adults between the ages of 30 use it. Chances are, if they conducted another poll right now, the numbers would be much higher. Shorthand for cannabidiol, CBD is one of 113 cannabinoid compounds found in cannabis and hemp plants. However, unlike THC, which is the active ingredient in marijuana, CBD does not get you high. Instead, it works by modulating your endocannabinoid system, which is a kind of inter-cellular communications system that helps the brain regulate immune function, stress, anxiety, pain, inflammation, and memory. Of course, these days there are lots of different ways to take CBD. You can get it in pills, ointments, energy shots, tinctures, bath oils—you name it. However, the most delicious way to get your daily dose of calming, stress-reducing CBD is via gummies. And when it comes to CBD gummies, nothing beats Penguin CBD Gummy Worms. With so many different CBD products on the market, it can be difficult for consumers to figure out which brands they can trust. That’s why Penguin is completely transparent about how they make their products. The CBD used in Penguin gummies is produced using the most advanced isolation process in the industry. It all starts with 100-percent organic, 100-percent THC-free industrial hemp, which is grown locally in Oregon without the use of toxic chemical fertilizers or pesticides. Penguin then uses advanced machinery and CO2 to extract CBD from the hemp. The CBD extract then undergoes a cutting-edge nanoemulsification process that breaks it down into microscopic particles that are easily absorbed by human cells. Once the production process is complete, all Penguin CBD products undergo third-party testing by ProVerde Laboratories. This ensures that their gummies are certified to be clear of any unwanted chemicals and totally safe to consume. Each Penguin CBD Gummy Worm contains 10mg of their potent CBD extract, and each jar contains 30 worms. If you love sour candy loaded with tropical flavors and coated on sweet and sour sugar crystals, you will love these gummies. But if you don’t, Penguin offers a 100-percent satisfaction guarantee. If you’re not satisfied, simply return them within 30 days and they’ll give you a full refund. Penguin will even pay for the return shipping. So if you’re looking for a high-quality CBD product that tastes as good as it makes you feel, give Penguin CBD Gummy Worms a try. If you love them, you can subscribe to monthly shipments and save 15-percent off the regular price. So really you’ve got nothing to lose. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with Penguin CBD, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
At first, it was meant to be a joke. But now the market capitalization of Dogecoin, a popular altcoin, has spiked to $40 billion, CNBC reports, after values skyrocketed and added $20 billion in value in just 24 hours. The shiba inu-emblazoned token was created as a "fun" alternative to Bitcoin back in 2013. But thanks to a massive surge in interest, led by communities on Reddit — and some prominent boosterism y Elon Musk — the cryptocurrency is starting to look a lot less like a mere joke. This morning, values of the token hit 32 cents, an all-time high. Just a week ago, the value was hovering around just six cents. The news comes after Musk, a longtime supporter of the coin, send the value of Dogecoin soaring in February after tweeting a silly picture of a shiba on the surface of the Moon. Musk has long joked that Dogecoin will "go to the Moon," a reference to its soaring value. The altcoin's recent surge meant those who invested early made bank. "Hey guys, I just became a Dogecoin millionaire," one Reddit user exclaimed in a Thursday post, with a screenshot showing a balance of $1,081,441.29 in their account. But the surge is also causing some worry among crypto experts. "People are buying the cryptocurrency, not because they think it has any meaningful value, but because they hope others will pile in, push the price up, and then they can sell off and make a quick buck," UK-based analyst David Kimberley told CNBC. Kimberley also noted that "when everyone is doing this, the bubble eventually has to burst and you’re going to be left short-changed if you don’t get out in time." But only time will tell when — or if — Dogecoin's bubble will pop. READ MORE: Dogecoin spikes 400% in a week, stoking fears of a cryptocurrency bubble [CNBC] More on Dogecoin: Elon Musk Invites SEC Into Battle Over Dogecoin Share This Article 
Since chess was invented, people have been trying to play it remotely. Chess by mail, virtual chess, live-streamed chess, they're all fun, but not quite like sitting down to a board and moving pieces. Square Off, though, uses robotics and AI to let you play chess against anyone, anywhere, using a real board and real pieces. On the surface, Square Off looks like a premium chess set, with rosewood coloring and a classic Grand Kingdom piece design. It's what's inside the board that makes it different from old-school sets, and made it a CES Top Tech & Innovation Awardee 2020. Once you set up the pieces and connect the app to your phone via Bluetooth, the automated pieces get to work. Square Off uses a carefully designed system to track the moves of each player and reflect them on both their boards. So even if you're halfway across the world, you'll watch as your opponent begins their Silician defense in real-time, with pieces moving as if they were really there. It's perfect for practicing games with a distant friend, or finding new players while keeping the feel of real-life chess. With a community of 30 million players, and growing, you'll always find somebody to play against. If you want to sharpen your skills, you always have an opponent in the board itself. Square Off has twenty levels of chess-playing AI built-in. You can turn up the challenge for a more stimulating game, or start the difficulty low and work your way up towards becoming a better player. And, with a battery that lasts for up to fifteen games, and a standard DC charger, you can bring it with you and keep playing. A Square Off board is usually $449, but for a limited time, it's $399.99, 10% off. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Are you in a coffee rut? Are you bored with your daily caffeine routine and looking for something new? Well, as you probably know, there is no shortage of brewing or extracting methods to choose from. There’s drip, press, espresso, pourover, instant, moka pot, cold brew, Keurig, Nespresso, aeropress, siphon, and Turkish, just to name a few. And there are probably another dozen rare artisanal methods we don’t even know about. However, if you want a coffee that is truly unlike anything you have ever experienced, you need to try a coffee concentrate called Jot Ultra Coffee. Jot is a coffee concentrate. However, it’s not just any coffee concentrate. This stuff is the most concentrated form of liquid coffee in the world. In fact, Jot is about 20 times more potent than a standard cup of drip coffee. A single tablespoon is enough to make an 8oz cup of coffee, and every 200ml bottle is the equivalent of 14 cups. This stuff is so potent, the folks at Jot named it “Ultra Coffee,” which is probably the coolest coffee name of all time. Of course, there’s way more to Ultra Coffee than its cool name. What makes Jot Ultra Coffee so amazing is its unreal flavor, amazing versatility, and unparalleled sustainability. Let’s start with the flavor. You see, Jot Ultra Coffee is not a reduction, so it doesn’t taste like bland instant coffee. It is made using a progressive enrichment process that extracts 30-percent more coffee per bean without over-extracting. That means you get more of the dark, rich, caramel notes you love without excess bitterness or a sandpapery mouthfeel. The result is a pure and unbelievably smooth concentrate with incredible clarity. So what kinds of coffees can you make with Jot Ultra Coffee? That’s the beauty of it. You can use Jot Ultra Coffee to create any kind of coffee drink you want, from lattes and macchiatos to Americanos and iced coffees. While Jot provides some recipes with recommended ratios of concentrate to water or milk, you can also play around and come up with your own concoctions. And because it comes in a small bottle, you can take Jot Ultra Coffee with you anywhere you go, whether it’s work, vacation, or even just your parents’ house. When you drink Jot, you don’t just get amazing flavor and versatility. You also get a clear conscience. That’s because Jot only uses Fair Trade, organic, sustainably grown coffee beans from Central and South America. Also, they get 30-percent more out of every bean, which produces less waste. Last but not least, all spent coffee grounds are composted rather than thrown in a landfill. You don’t have to subscribe or order in bulk to try Jot Ultra Coffee. If you want, you can buy a single bottle to see what it’s all about. However, after you’re sure you love the stuff—and chances are you will—you can save $4 per bottle when you subscribe to recurring shipments. You can also get free shipping when you order two bottles or more, as well as an additional 5-percent off when you order three bottles or more. So if you’re sick and tired of drinking the same boring coffee every day, why not mix things up? Order Jot Ultra Coffee today and change the way you think about coffee forever. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
To the dismay of local residents, the New York City police department rolled out its newest toy earlier this week: a four-legged robot dog. The robot, a modified Spot model manufactured by Boston Dynamics, made an appearance at a public housing building. Videos taken at the scene show the robot dog entering and exiting the building's lobby. Now, new details are emerging about the incident. Police have told The New York Times that the bot, dubbed "Digidog," didn't play an active role in the operation, but that a man who had a gun and was hiding in an apartment along with a woman and her baby was arrested on the scene. The robodog may not have played an active role in the arrest, but having an armed police squadron deploy a robot to an active crime scene raises red flags about civil liberties and the future of policing. Locally, the incident was met with outrage. "You can’t give me a living wage, you can’t raise a minimum wage, you can’t give me affordable housing; I’m working hard and I can’t get paid leave, I can’t get affordable child care," Bronx and Westchester County representative Jamaal Bowman said in a video posted to Twitter. "Instead we got money, taxpayer money, going to robot dogs?" In the leadup to a mayoral election, candidates took the opportunity to voice their discontent as well. "Rather than $70 million invested into saving residents from dangerous mold & lead paint, N.Y.C. creates another danger for Black and Latino residents?!" mayoral candidate and former MSNBC analyst Maya Wiley wrote in a tweet. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has long called out the use of robot dogs by police enforcement as a gross overreach of power. "One of the things that makes these robots so unnerving is that everybody implicitly understands that the possibility of weaponizing them will continue to hang out there like a tempting forbidden fruit for law enforcement," senior policy analyst Jay Stanley wrote in a recent blog post for the ACLU. "There is also the fear that they could evolve from a remote-controlled tool to an autonomous decision-maker that makes actual law enforcement decisions of some kind." Stanley argues that AI-enhanced decision making, especially when it comes to assisting an already trigger-happy law enforcement system, could end up strengthening existing biases. Boston Dynamics — which has repeatedly attempted to paint its robot in a more whimsical light by showing them go for a jog or complete a dance routine — maintains that there's nothing wrong with having a remote controlled robotic dog accompany law enforcement. As Michael Perry, Boston Dynamics' VP of business development, told the Times, it's only really willing to draw the line when it comes to arming its robots. "We are adamant that we do not want our robots to be used in a way that harms people," he told the newspaper. Melanie Aucello, president of the tenant association at the building where the robot dog showed up this week, said that tenants there were being used as guinea pigs. "We’re powerless," she told NYT. "We’re like the scapegoats in society. To further read that they are trying it out and testing it out on us — everything that happens bad in our community happens here first." READ MORE: N.Y.P.D.’s Robot Dog Returns to Work, Touching Off a Backlash [The New York Times] More on the incident: Outcry as Video Shows Robodog Patrolling With NYPD Share This Article 
For the first time ever, NPR reports, an international team of scientists have created chimera embryos that are made up of both human and monkey cells. The research, as detailed in a paper published in the journal Cell today, is meant to help scientists find new ways to grow organs intended for human transplants. Finding organs available for transplant is becoming increasingly difficult in the United States every year. Stem cell research is hoping to find an alternative, combining human with animal cells from pigs and sheep to see if we could ever be able to grow human organs in those animals. In the experiment, the scientists injected 25 "induced pluripotent stem cells" from humans into 132 six-day-old macaque embryos, which are far more genetically related to us humans than sheep and pig. The human cells grew inside all 132  of the embryos after just 24 hours. After ten days, 103 chimeric embryos remained. By day 19, however, only three chimeras were left alive – and they were then terminated. "This knowledge will allow us to go back now and try to re-engineer these pathways that are successful for allowing appropriate development of human cells in these other animals," Juan Carlos Izpisua Belmonte, genetics professor at the the Salk Institute for Biological Sciences in La Jolla, California and co-author of the study, told NPR. "We are very, very excited," he added. "Our goal is not to generate any new organism, any monster," Belmonte told the broadcaster. "And we are not doing anything like that. We are trying to understand how cells from different organisms communicate with one another." The researchers say that the fact that they saw human cells growing at such a high rate could be a breakthrough. "Historically, the generation of human-animal chimeras has suffered from low efficiency and integration of human cells into the host species," Belmonte said in an official statement. Eventually, the researchers want to investigate whether they can find new ways to screen for drugs and potentially generate transplantable cells, tissues, and even organs. Some of the same scientists created human-pig chimeras back in 2017, introducing human cells into pig embryos and incubating them for four weeks. That experiment marked the first time human cells could be detected growing inside embryos of another species. The number of grown cells in that trial fell far short of expectations. The new study, however, experienced significantly higher rates of human cell growth. Then in 2019, scientists in China created pig-monkey chimeras, injecting macaque DNA into pig embryos. The pigs eventually were born inside a lab, but died within a week. Despite the latest successes, the research raises a number of ethical questions. "My first question is: Why?" research fellow at Rice University's Baker Institute Kirstin Matthews told NPR. "I think the public is going to be concerned, and I am as well, that we're just kind of pushing forward with science without having a proper conversation about what we should or should not do." READ MORE: Scientists Create Early Embryos That Are Part-Human, Part-Monkey [NPR] More on chimeras: Scientists Are Creating Mouse-Human Hybrids Share This Article 
US carmaker Ford just announced its answer to Tesla's Autopilot. The hands-free highway driving system, called BlueCruise, is making its way into the Mustang Mach-E, the company's latest flagship electric vehicle. CEO Jim Farley took the opportunity to take potshots at the competition. "BlueCruise! We tested it in the real world, so our customers don’t have to," the executive wrote in a tweet, an apparent reference to how Tesla chose to test its latest "Full Self-Driving" (FSD) technologies through a much-criticized public beta. BlueCruise! We tested it in the real world, so our customers don’t have to. pic.twitter.com/dgqVkWH31r — Jim Farley (@jimfarley98) April 14, 2021  In October 2020, Tesla opened the FSD beta to about 2,000 beta testers. Some of these drivers, as the Elon Musk-led company admitted last month, had their access to the beta revoked after reportedly not paying enough attention to the road. The FSD feature allows Tesla vehicles to autonomously take turns and navigate complex driving situations including four way intersections — but it falls short of being a "full" self-driving experience, despite its name. In fact, a German court ruled it to be false advertising last year. It's a controversial technology, CNBC reports, with several crashes being reported recently. Ford's BlueCruise system will make its way to the 2021 Ford F-150 and 2021 Mustang Mach-E later this year. According to the company, the system has been refined over 500,000 miles of driving. The company deployed ten test vehicles, including F-150s and Mach-Es, on a 110,000 mile road trip through 37 states and five Canadian provinces to test it out in a variety of road conditions. "There are highway intricacies and driving conditions that you simply cannot replicate in a lab," said Hau Thai-Tang, Ford’s chief product platform and operations officer, in an official statement. "Sending these vehicles out for real-world driving experience is just one of many ways we ensured that BlueCruise technology offers confidence and convenience for drivers all across the continent." The system aims a bit lower than FSD, promising fewer features and omitting particularly challenging tasks like autonomous city driving. It'll also use a camera monitoring system that won't require drivers to periodically "check in" with a touch of the steering wheel, as is the case for Tesla's FSD. Tesla drivers have arguably long been the car company's guinea pigs — which some superfans see as a cool feature, but others decry as an ethical minefield. Perhaps the conventional road of developing and testing the software in-house is the safer way to go. READ MORE: Ford CEO takes shot at Tesla for using customers to test unfinished tech [CNBC] More on Ford: Elon Musk Praises Tesla Nemesis, Ford, In Rare Reversal Share This Article 
Scientists have long observed a growing "dent" in the Earth's magnetic field just above the southern Atlantic Ocean. The "South Atlantic Anomaly," as it has become known, can wreak havoc with satellites and spacecraft that happen to pass over it. Now, scientists suspect it may have a connection to two mysterious blobs of dense material discovered in the Earth's mantle that recent research suggests could be the partial remains of Theia, an ancient Mars-sized protoplanet believed to have smashed into the Earth around 4.5 billion years ago, as Business Insider reports. Last month, a team of scientists led by Qian Yuan, a graduate student from Arizona State University, presented the idea that the two underground blobs, each millions of times larger than Mount Everest, could have been shards left over from the collision. Yuan and his colleagues found seismological evidence that the blobs, formally known as "large low-shear velocity provinces" (LLSVPs), were quite different from the rock in the rest of the Earth's mantle. The blobs may also have a connection to the South Atlantic Anomaly, as our planet's magnetic field is generated by the swirling iron in Earth's outer core, wherein hotter material rises into the partially solid mantle above and is replaced by sinking, denser material, a process known as convection. Scientists believe the strange dip in the field is caused by something huge interrupting this process under the Atlantic Ocean. As it turns out, the relatively hot and dense qualities of the two LLSVPs could technically be significant enough to affect these convection currents, Yuan proposed. One of these blobs also happens to be near southern Africa, not too far from the South Atlantic Anomaly. But it's not a perfect fit, problematizing the theory. "Why doesn't the same weakness occur in the magnetic field above the Pacific, where the other province is?" Technical University of Denmark geophysicist Christopher Finlay told BI. It's a compelling theory, which could shed light on the mysteries surrounding the magnetic field surrounding our planet that protects us from the Sun's harmful radiation. But until Yuan's claims can be evaluated, we will have to take it for what it is: a theory. READ MORE: Remnants of an ancient planet buried inside the Earth may be the cause of a weak spot in the magnetic field [Business Insider] More on the anomaly: Scientists: Earth's Magnetic Field Could Shift 100x Faster Than Observed Share This Article 
While an exercise pill might seem appealing after that fourth squat, working out offers a wide number of benefits, both physical and mental. Yet if you lose interest in your routine, it can be tough to get it back. That's where Studio SWEAT onDemand (SSoD) comes in, and you can get a year of unlimited at-home workouts for $99, 60% off the MSRP. SSoD, founded by ACE-certified personal trainer Cat Kom, is built to work with what you have and where you are. Simply download the top-rated app for iOS and Android, or install it on your smart TV or set-top box. From there, you're prompted to fill in whatever equipment you have at your disposal, what your day-to-day offers you in terms of exercise, and what your goals are. It generates a customized workout plan based on that data, with plenty of variety and consistency for you, and that works with the gear you already have. You can stream classes on yoga, pilates, HIIT, barre, strength training, bootcamp, TRX, indoor cycling, and much more. Every class is led by a world-class instructor, and you can draw motivation and support from a global community of classmates, which is just part of the reason why SSoD was ranked one of the top cycling classes of 2021 by Byrdie. You will also get daily motivational messages from the SSoD team to stay on target and get expert nutrition tips crafted by registered dieticians to eat healthy as well. And if you'll be heading somewhere you don't get signal, you can download classes to stay on track, no matter how far from a cell tower you are. If you're looking to shake up your home workout routine, or want to be able to take your classes with you when you get back out on the road, Studio SWEAT onDemand makes it easy, and at $99 for a one-year subscription, you won't sweat the cost, either. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In the future, your lawn may be a source of fuel. Yet for now, it's largely a source of frustration, as you have to gas up a mower and shove it around the yard when you'd rather be doing anything else. Fortunately, you can ditch both the fossil fuels and the sweat with a MowRo RM24, which is on sale for $849.99, 14% off MSRP. The MowRo is simple to set up. Just lay down a boundary with the included wire and stakes around the perimeter of the space you want to be trimmed, and set up the rugged outdoor charging station where it's convenient on your property. Then use the companion app to set up a mowing schedule, and set the blade height to get your preferred trim. The MowRo does the rest, activating on schedule and trimming within the boundary. And you won't have to wait until the weekend, either. Your average gas-powered lawnmower puts out 90 dB of sound, enough to distract the neighbors. The MowRo, using battery power and a brushless electric motor, is only 65 dB in operation, the equivalent of a normal conversation, while providing the same 2,900rpm of cutting power offered by gas mowers you have to push. It also cuts down on your carbon footprint, making it friendly to both neighbors who want quiet and the planet. Finally, the safety-first design makes it easy to set and forget. Rain sensors tell the MowRo when it's too wet to cut the grass, and if it bumps into an object, it's designed to automatically back up and stop. And with an ABS outer shell, it can take anything your lawn can dish out. With its safety features and hands-free experience, it's easy to see why the MowRo earned itself 4.2 out of 5 stars on Home Depot. If you'd rather enjoy your lawn than mow it, the MowRo RM24 can free up your weekends to take in the sun for just $849.99, 14% off the MSRP. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Twitter can be an unusual place for internet discourse. It's a bizarre melting pot, where anthropomorphized spacecraft, outspoken political pundits, and billionaire CEOs meet to shout into the void of the world wide web. Sometimes, things can get a little heated — no matter how mismatched the two bickering parties might be. Most recently, the social media manager of Steak-umm, a processed meat that some Americans choose to ingest, decided to dunk on science communicator Neil deGrasse Tyson. Yes, a frozen steak product got into a heated argument with an astronomer. Just another day on Twitter. "The good thing about Science is that it’s true, whether or not you believe in it," deGrasse Tyson wrote in a recent and characteristically pedantic tweet. It sounded like an otherwise uncontroversial opinion — but meat product wasn't having any of it. "Log off bro," Steak-umm fumed in a burst of rage. Steak-umm — it's unclear if Nathan Allebach, the eccentric social media manager for the meat brand, was behind the tweets — elaborated on its stance, revealing a surprisingly nuanced argument for a beef product. "The irony of Neil’s tweet is that by framing science itself as 'true' he’s influencing people to be more skeptical of it in a time of unprecedented misinformation," the brand's account tweeted. "Science is an ever refining process to find truth, not a dogma," the brand continued. "No matter his intent, this message isn’t helpful." Checkmate, Neil! It appears that Steak-umm is taking issue with Tyson's characteristic all-or-nothing approach to scientific research. The brand argues that by taking science as an unmistakable fact, people's inherent skepticism towards it could further alienate people. And that's important during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, when scientific misinformation is doing more harm than ever before, from misinterpreting the effectiveness of drug treatments to the anti-vaccine movement — topics that Steak-umm has waded into on Twitter before. Surprisingly, it's not the first time the brand has beefed with deGrasse Tyson, who faced sexual misconduct allegations in 2018. "Been beefing with Neil for years lol," the brand tweeted, linking to a November 2018 thread in which the brand took a potshot at "some things worth leaving in 2018," with the astronomer listed among other entries such as "negative people" and "Facebook." Steak-umm seems dead set on taking shots at Tyson, grilling him for posting "ridiculous sound bites like this for clout and he has no respect for epistemology." And the argument is arguably not without merit. "Science itself isn't 'true' it's a constantly refining process used to uncover truths based in material reality and that process is still full of misteaks [sic]," the brand philosophized in a follow-up. A great example of that would be the ever-changing lessons we have learned over the past 14 months about the coronavirus. From initially underestimating the importance of mask wearing to changing the way we understand how the virus can spread on surfaces, our grasp of the virus has evolved and refined considerably over time. It's a double-edged sword: endorse scientific fact in a dogmatic way and take them as the "truth," and many will start to be wary. Continuously undermine the validity of science, and you'll alienate even more. So far, deGrasse Tyson has only responded to the onslaught obliquely, writing that "if you have the urge to argue with my previous Tweet, before you do, please spend [four minutes] reading this post," along with a link to a 2016 article by the astronomer. But if he has more to say, we're here for it. Keep the popcorn coming. READ MORE: Steak-umm, worst of the Online Brands, is picking a fight with Neil deGrasse Tyson, worst of the Online Personalities [AV Club] More on Twitter beef: Elon Musk Deletes Meme Accusing Bill Gates of Vaccine Mind Control Share This Article 
Are you considering making the switch to solar power? If so, you'll be happy to know that the cost of installing a solar energy systems has never been lower, and the potential return on your investment has never been greater. That said, despite the clear benefits overall, Solar Power isn't right for everyone, and doing a cost-benefit analysis can be pretty complicated. Luckily, the solar experts at Understand Solar make it easy to figure out if solar is right for your home. Understand Solar is a third party solar advocate. They don’t sell solar panels, and they don’t install them. What they do is provide free personalized solar energy assessments to educate consumers about the process. And if those consumers decide to move forward with Solar Power, the experts at Understand Solar will put them in touch with trusted local installers. The process is simple. All you have to do is fill out a simple online form, and an Understand Solar expert will contact you with a free solar assessment. They'll be happy to answer any questions you might have, but no commitment is required. That's because solar power isn't right for every home. Your assessment may reveal that your house doesn’t get enough direct sunlight. Or perhaps local regulations and energy rates make it unfeasible. However you may also learn that solar panels are perfect for your home, in which case they'll help guide you through the process. The average installation cost of a residential solar energy system has dropped 70 percent over the last decade. And as costs have gone down, the financial benefits of going solar have increased drmatically. Not only will going solar reduce or nearly eliminate your energy bill, but it will also lower your impact on the environment. But the real value of the system, financially speaking, is in the value it may add to your home. Generally speaking, homes with solar power tend to sell faster than homes without, and at prices that are, on average, 4.1 percent higher. One study found that buyers are typically willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy, while another found you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar energy installed. While the exact figures in your area will vary, solar clearly has the potential to add value to many homes, making them a good long-term investment. By some estimates, an investment in solar energy could outperform traditional investment portfolios over the course of 15-to-20 years. If you’re thinking about going solar, you have a lot of information to gather before you can make an informed decision. That's why you need to contact Understand Solar for your free personalized assessment. You’ve got absolutely nothing to lose, but you may have a lot to gain. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When was the last time you answered a call from an unknown number? Robocalls have gotten incredibly bad in the US with untold millions of people plagued constantly by pesky calls from scammers. So far, the Federal Communications Commission has arguably done little to make a dent in the number of automated calls Americans receive. According to the latest numbers, Americans were hit by almost 46 billion robocalls in 2020 alone. Now, the FCC says it's finally taking action to push back against robocalls. In an announcement, the regulator asked cellular network operators to tell them about the free robocall blocking software they provide to consumers. The FCC also revealed it had sent two cease-and-desist letters to robocall companies as well as implementing the Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal Enforcement and Deterrence Act (TRACED Act), which was passed by Congress back in 2019. That Act gives the FCC power to put a stop to "unwanted calls or text messages" from "unauthenticated" numbers by handing out fines and other penalties. The Act also acknowledges that scammers tend to skirt existing laws, and requires regulators to regularly report back to Congress, as The Register points out, to gauge the laws' effectiveness. "No one wants more unwanted robocalls in their life," acting FCC chairwoman Jessica Rosenworcel said in the statement. "I’m proud that we continue to find new ways to use all the tools at our disposal to make it clear to illegal robocallers that their days are numbered." Despite the issue being at the forefront of consumer complaints to the FCC, robocalls have only become an even bigger problem in recent years. The Trump administration's FCC chair Ajit Pai, famously a former telecom executive himself, did little to tackle the issue during the last four years. With mounting pressure in 2019, Pai eventually made a big showing of using his power to "help consumers block unwanted robocalls," according to a press release at the time. But his actions — or lack thereof — ended up being a letdown, with the FCC going as far as asking consumers to foot the bill for its anti-robocall initiatives. It's still far too early to tell if the TRACED Act will motivate the FCC to start doling out fines and collecting them. But with a new commissioner ready to take over, the regulator has the opportunity to finally jump into action. READ MORE: After years of dragging its feet, FCC finally starts tackling America's robocall scourge [The Register] More on robocalls: Your Phone Carrier Can Now Automatically Block All Robocalls Share This Article 
Researchers at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, or Fermilab, in Illinois, have found new evidence suggesting that a subatomic particle called a muon is not following the known laws of physics, as The New York Times reports. Muons are a lot like electrons but 207 times as massive. They also tend to decay extremely quickly into electrons and super-light particles called neutrinos. Exposed to an intense magnetic field by being sent around a 46-foot magnetized ring at Fermilab, the team found that the muons wobbled in totally unpredictable ways that were not at all expected, astonishing researchers. According to the Standard Model, the fundamental theory of how particles interact established in the second half of the 20th century, these movements can normally be measured and predicted in extreme detail. It's a watershed moment for the field of quantum physics. If confirmed, the results obtained by the experiments at Fermilab could rewrite the way we understand the fundamental laws governing physics — at least as we know them today. "This quantity we measure reflects the interactions of the muon with everything else in the universe," Renee Fatemi, a physicist at the University of Kentucky and manager of the experiment, said in an official statement. "But when the theorists calculate the same quantity, using all of the known forces and particles in the Standard Model, we don't get the same answer." "This is strong evidence that the muon is sensitive to something that is not in our best theory," Fatemi added. That leaves the big question: what force of nature is actually causing the muon to wobble? Researchers suggest it may be sources of matter and energy that are yet to be understood and aren't explained by the Standard Model — in other words, a fifth fundamental force of nature that would be added to gravity, electromagnetism, as well as strong and weak interactions between nuclei. The new experiments, laid out in a series of papers submitted to the journal Physical Review Letters, confirm previous results found during experiments at the Brookhaven National Laboratory back in 2001. "After the 20 years that have passed since the Brookhaven experiment ended, it is so gratifying to finally be resolving this mystery," Fermilab scientist Chris Polly, who worked on both experiments, said in the statement. There's still the chance that Fermilab's new measurements are wrong: a one in 40,000 chance, to be exact. That means scientists still can't officially claim it as a discovery by physics standards, as the Times points out. Polly also said that only less than six percent of the data collected by the Fermilab experiments has been analyzed so far. "Although these first results are telling us that there is an intriguing difference with the Standard Model, we will learn much more in the next couple of years," he said. Still, physicists around the world are thrilled. "Clearly, this is very exciting because it potentially points to a future with new laws of physics, new particles and a new force which we have not seen to date," University of Manchester researcher and UK lead of the experiment Mark Lancaster, told the BBC. Cambridge University researcher Ben Allanach, who was not involved in the experiments, is hopeful that the results will eventually be verified. "My Spidey sense is tingling and telling me that this is going to be real," he told the British broadcaster. READ MORE: Finding From Particle Research Could Break Known Laws of Physics [The New York Times] More on particle physics: Antarctica Hit By Antimatter Particles, Scientists Say Share This Article 
Getting high quality sleep can be tricky when times are good. But it’s especially difficult during times of increased stress. The reason is that stress triggers the production of excess cortisol, which is the body’s “fight or flight” hormone. When cortisol levels are elevated, it acts as a stimulant, keeping your body on high alert. This interferes with the production of melatonin, which is the hormone that regulates your sleep-wake cycle, and that makes it hard for you to fall and stay asleep. Of course, the best way to combat stress-induced sleep disruptions would be to reduce the amount of stress in your life. But that’s kind of like telling a person who’s already soaking wet that they should have brought an umbrella: it may be true, but it’s not really a viable solution. Luckily, there are other ways to deal with stress-related sleep issues that don’t ask you to do the impossible. And one of them is an all-natural sleep supplement from Proper called Sleep + Calm, which helps your body fight stress so you can fall asleep fast. Sleep + Calm is formulated to promote sleep health, reduce everyday stress, and support a calm and restful mind. This supplement is for anyone who struggles with falling asleep, staying asleep, and/or feeling rested upon waking as the result of stress. All you do is take two capsules with water 30-40 minutes before bed. Though everyone metabolizes ingredients differently, most people start feeling the benefits of Sleep + Calm the first night they take it. You should continue to notice further sleep improvements over the next three-to-five days, and full benefits after taking Sleep + Calm for several weeks. Sleep + Calm is all natural, non-GMO, and sugar-free, with no artificial colors or binders. Carefully formulated by Dr. Alice Hirschel, Proper’s resident PhD in Nutritional Biochemistry, this supplement was reviewed by a panel of world class medical experts in sleep, integrative, and naturopathic medicine. It is completely drug-free, non-habit-forming, and thus safe to take for both short and long-term sleep health. Unlike a lot of other sleep and stress supplements that have too many ingredients to wrap your head around, Sleep + Calm contains just five. Valerian root, ashwagandha, GABA, and Venetron are the core ingredients that promote sleep. Valerian root is an herb that helps the body move into a calm, relaxed, and drowsy state during the first N1 sleep stage. And it works synergistically with GABA, an amino acid produced naturally by the brain that binds to GABA-A receptors rendering neurons less responsive to stimulation. Venetron, meanwhile, is a powdered extract derived from a wild perennial plant that has been shown to help you fall asleep faster, and ashwagandha is an adaptogen that has been shown to reduce stress. The fifth ingredient found in Sleep + Calm—and the most important ingredient when it comes to relieving stress—is L-theanine. Found naturally in things like green tea, L-theanine is an amino acid that has been shown in numerous clinical studies to promote relaxation without drowsiness. While it is often used to combat the negative effects of stimulants such as caffeine, more and more people use L-theanine as a supplement to help them unwind and cope with stress. Sleep + Calm contains a clinically beneficial 200mg dose of L-theanine that, when combined with the other ingredients, relieves stress and helps you fall into a deep, restful, regenerative sleep. If stress is keeping you awake at night, don’t just lie around tossing and turning. Try Sleep + Calm today and see if it can help you relax and fall asleep fast. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A new video going viral on Twitter shows a robot police dog patrolling with cops from the New York City police department. The unit, a Spot robodog built by Boston Dynamics, can be seen going for a walk around a public sidewalk, surrounded by several police staff. Nah they really got these robot police dogs in NYC. This is wild pic.twitter.com/iG7CTPFevH — THEE DON (@1800SPOILED) April 12, 2021  The sighting was met with outrage, with many bystanders audibly voicing their displeasure with the dystopian "Black Mirror"-like appearance. "I ain't never seen nothing like this in my life," the person filming the video can be heard saying. Renowned New York Times journalist Kara Swisher was equally appalled. "What the fuck is this is the exact right reaction," she tweeted in response to the video. It's still unclear how the NYPD is planning to make use of the robot. The video comes after several instances of police staff rolling out the robot dog in public streets. The decision to deploy the robots was met with widespread criticism and raised privacy concerns among many earlier this year. In February, the robot was used during a Bronx home invasion to reportedly ensure that there was nobody inside, as The New York Times reported at the time. The police have maintained that they are using the robots to save lives. "The NYPD has been using robots since the 1970s to save lives in hostage situations and hazmat incidents," the department tweeted in February. "This model of robot is being tested to evaluate its capabilities against other models in use by our Emergency Service Unit and Bomb Squad." Boston Dynamics has attempted to distance itself from its products being used by not only police departments around the world, but military armed forces as well. Last week, news emerged of a French military school deploying a Spot robot dog during a two-day training exercise. "We think that the military, to the extent that they do use robotics to take people out of harm’s way, we think that’s a perfectly valid use of the technology," Boston Dynamics’ VP of business development Michael Perry told The Verge. The company's terms of service forbid the robot dog from being used to "to harm or intimidate any person or animal, as a weapon, or to enable any weapon." Given the latest incidents, either Boston Dynamics either has a very loose definition of the word "intimidate" — or it simply isn't willing to enforce its terms of service. It's also a bad look because the NYPD already has a very shaky image in the eyes of the public. Deploying a robot dog to its front lines will likely only alienate civilians even further. More on the robot dogs: Boston Dynamics Robot Runs Out of Battery During Military Combat Drill, Needs to Be Carried Share This Article 
They were meant to revolutionize the art collection market — but just as many predicted, as Bloomberg reports, the prices of non-fungible tokens or NFTs are now crashing. According to a recent report by NonFungible.com, an NFT marketplaces tracker, the value of NFTs has collapsed by almost 70 percent from its peak in February. Earlier this year, the blockchain-based digital certificates that give individuals exclusive ownership over a piece of digital art — no matter how many times it gets copied — exploded in popularity, with some works being sold for the equivalent of millions of dollars. One piece in particular, created by digital artist Beeple, stole headlines when it sold for $69 million at internationally renowned auction house Christie's. Even corporate America jumped on the trend, with companies including Charmin selling gimmicks like GIFs of animated toilet paper. But the market for NFTs has slowed significantly since those heady days, with individual NFTs now going for an average of $1,400, as compared to $4,300 during their peak in mid-February, according to NonFungible's analysis. The tech still has its defenders, though. "It’s not meaningful to characterize a concept as a financial bubble," blockchain expert and University of Pittsburgh academic Chris Wilmer told Bloomberg. "NFTs aren’t in a bubble any more than ‘cryptocurrency’ is a bubble." Wilmer argues that despite the rise and falls, the technology remains the same. "There will be manias and irrational exuberance, but cryptocurrency is clearly here to stay with us for the long term and NFTs probably are too," he added. The drop in the value of NFTs shouldn't come as a shock to anybody. Many of these assets are being sold using cryptocurrencies, which are inherently unstable and tend to fluctuate wildly over time. Is this the end of the NFT craze? When seen in a greater context, the tokens still made significant gains this year, surging to almost ten times their value this year alone, according to NonFungible's analysis, as compared to just six months ago. Whether this is a temporary dip or a continuing decline is a question that's much harder to answer. "The trend seems more to show a stabilization on a high plateau following a speculative peak," NonFungible concluded in its report. But now that the novelty has worn off and more people are questioning what they're actually getting for their money, those who sell NFTs will have a harder time winning over the hearts of investors and collectors. READ MORE: NFT Price Crash Stirs Debate on Whether Stimulus-Led Fad Is Over [Bloomberg] More on NFTs: Humanoid Robot Sophia Sells 12 Second Video NFT for Almost $700,000 Share This Article 
Do men care about their skin? The answer is "of course", but if you ask men if they care about a personalized skincare regimen that preserves their looks, 64 percent apparently say "no." According to market researcher, Mintel, 64 percent of guys don’t consider men’s skincare "an important factor" in their daily grooming, which is a shame—men's skin is uniquely different from women's. Because of hormones like testosterone, which causes skin to produce more oil and widens pores, men have distinct skincare needs that prevents them from borrowing their girlfriend's moisturizer occasionally.  Guys need skincare that's made for them— that's why over 250k thousand men have turned to Geologie.  What Geologie offers is easy enough—it's simple, personalized skin care for men—but its quality products and attentive service are what makes them the most respected brand in men's skincare. Esquire, Men's Health, AskMen, and Robb's Report all agree: Geologie is an award-winner for helping thousands of men have the healthiest, brightest skin of their life.  First, Geologie gets to know you a little better through a dermatologist-backed, 13-step personalization process that takes into account your skin sensitivity, your skincare goals, and your current skincare products (or lack thereof). After the quiz, Geologie concocts a personalized skincare regimen that's perfect for your unique skin, made only from clinically proven active ingredients that actually work. That's right: there's no fads, no hype, and definitely no sea kelp from Nova Scotia.  If you ever have questions or need help finding the right skincare products for you, simply refer to Geologie's legendary customer success team to guide you through the process. While the skincare quiz and recommended products cover a great deal of material, there may be a question of whether you need new face wash and moisturizer. If you'd like to have skin-saving products shipped directly to your door, you can get started with a personalized 30-day skincare trial set for as low as $20. With over 3,000 reviews and an average 4.8 rating out of 5, it's clear that Geologie is a winner amongst the people (even though it also won AskMen's Grooming Award). Whether it's for your skin or for the man you love, Geologie shows men's skin some much-needed TLC after years of basic skincare. Invest in your future face with a 30-Day Complete Trial from Geologie. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Playing with a jump rope is something we all did as kids. But as adults, many of us don’t realize the tremendous fitness benefits of jumping rope. The fact of the matter is that jumping rope -- especially with weighted ropes -- is one of the very best ways to exercise your entire body at the same time. And the Crossrope Get Fit Bundle is the best way to get started with this miracle exercise in your own home. In developing the Get Fit Bundle, the people behind the Crossrope started at square one, and began with totally reinventing the jump rope itself, using different weight levels and ergonomic handles that will optimize every single Crossrope workout. You can burn more than a thousand calories in just an hour of Crossrope exercise, significantly more than the same time spent swimming or jogging. And Crossrope’s weighted ropes activate virtually every muscle group in your body, from your neck down to your feet, when used with one simple, easy-to-learn exercise. Almost anyone can use a Crossrope jump rope, since they were designed to be mastered by those at any fitness level. With the Crossrope “fast clip system,” you can swap between the different weight levels easily and quickly, which will come in handy with the Get Fit Bundle’s mix of both light and heavy ropes. Altogether, the bundle includes two light ropes weighing 1/4lb and 1/2lb for cardio, and HIIT workouts, and two heavy ropes at 1 and 2 pounds for full-body workouts. That isn’t everything you get with the Crossrope Get Fit Bundle. It also includes a 30-day free trial of the Crossrope Premium app, which gives you access to the full Crossrope Premium library of workouts and challenges. It also includes special features like advanced filtering, the ability to save your favorite workouts for later use, and the ability to keep track of your overall jumps with Crossrope Count. After your free month ends, Crossrope Premium costs $9.99. But you can also go with Crossrope Lite, which is totally free. Even at $0 per month, Crossrope Lite has features like: Even if you’ve never jumped rope before, Crossrope’s tangle-free jump ropes are easy learn. Once you do, you’ll have access to the perfect form of exercise. You can lose  to strengthen your muscles, and get your cardio, all at once. So if you’ve been thinking about getting into jumping rope, the Crossrope Get Fit Bundle is the ideal way for you to pick it up for the first time, or to take your current jump rope regimen to the next level. If you’re ready to give it a try, head over to the Crossrope online store and order your bundle now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Striking footage, leaked to a documentary filmmaker named Jeremy Corbell, appears to show unidentified objects swarming above a US Navy warship — and the Pentagon says the videos are authentic. "I can confirm that the referenced photos and videos were taken by Navy personnel," Department of Defense spokesperson Sue Gough told Futurism. Here's Corbell's video: The US Navy photographed and filmed “pyramid” shaped UFOs and “spherical” advanced transmedium vehicles; here is that footage. Please visit my Instagram and https://t.co/5JMYxoo9sI to read all the details that I can share at this time. pic.twitter.com/58CXZ1ljAF — Jeremy Corbell (@JeremyCorbell) April 8, 2021  The short clip, seemingly shot with some form of night vision equipment, appears to show objects that are triangular or pyramidal in shape hovering high over the deck of a Navy destroyer. "This was taken on deployment from the USS Russell," Corbell told Mystery Wire earlier this week. "It shows what they described as vehicles. And they made a great distinction. They made sure in this classified briefing, they made a great distinction that this is not something that we own either a black project, this is not something of a foreign military, that these were behaving in ways that we did not expect. And that they were you know shaped non aerodynamically. Like pyramids, these are flying pyramids!" Corbell says that the video was taken in July 2019. It appears to show an incident in which objects that were initially described as "drones" were reported to have buzzed a US warship off the coast of Southern California. According to Mystery Wire, the video, as well as several photos also obtained by Corbell, were gathered by the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force, a group that the Defense Department has previously confirmed to be investigating encounters between the US military and a range of unidentified objects. Gough, the Department of Defense spokesperson, told Futurism that the new video is indeed part of the UAP Task Force's inquiry. "The UAPTF has included these incidents in their ongoing examinations," she said by email. "As we have said before, to maintain operations security and to avoid disclosing information that may be useful to potential adversaries, DOD does not discuss publicly the details of either the observations or the examinations of reported incursions into our training ranges or designated airspace, including those incursions initially designated as UAP." Needless to say, the incident could have been a prank, an optical illusion, or could have any other number of other underwhelming explanations. Skeptic Mick West made a video outlining one plausible theory about the video. His interpretation is that the footage is probably recorded with a smartphone through a night vision monocular, and that it depicts an ordinary aircraft — but that an optical effect called a bokeh makes the aircraft's lights look like triangles or pyramids. Bolstering West's case is that the lights seem to be blinking at approximately the rates you'd expect for an aircraft's safety lights. And although West couldn't find any evidence of off-the-shelf night vision rigs with a triangular aperture that would create the effect, he did find that some night vision users create their own DIY aperatures, sometimes out of tape, which could conceivably be triangular. Is it a slam dunk takedown? Not quite — but it is a compelling explanation, and as West argued, almost certainly more likely than a swarm of unidentifiable aircraft.   Victor Tangermann contributed reporting. Updated to include Mick West's theory about the video. READ MORE: Pictures and video show Unidentified Flying Objects moving above U.S. Navy warships [Mystery Wire] More on the sighting: Navy Warships Were Swarmed by Mysterious Drones Share This Article 
The rapid spread of technology has made keeping up with changes in privacy into a constant battle between consumers, corporations, and governments. And sometimes, it's consumers against both. Fortunately, you're not without tools to manage your security, and now you can save 72% on Private Internet Access, one of the top virtual private networks (VPNs), getting two years for $69.95. VPNs protect you by routing your web traffic through a specific server run by the network. This means anybody tracking your activity goes to the VPN's server, not your device, blocking attempts to track your location and history. Private Internet Access, an Editor's Choice of both PCMag and Tom's Guide, upgrades this with the SOCKS5 proxy, which requires three layers of identification to allow information though. It uses CBC Blowfish encryption, a widely tested and respected algorithm created by cybersafety legend, Bruce Schneier, as an extra layer of security. And finally, it deploys MACE, which prevents adware, spammers, and other trackers, improving your browser performance and guarding your privacy. All this is done through a client that makes protecting your device as simple as a tap or two, with access for ten devices and no caps on your traffic, so everyone in the house can go online securely. And with more than 35,000 servers in 77 countries, you can make use of your streaming services and other content without interference. It's why PIA has a 4.7-star rating on the App Store and a 4.5 rating on Google Play and was named one of the best VPNs of 2021 by CNET. We live in an online world, and protecting our safety is key to thriving in it. Private Internet Access makes working, playing, and learning online a more secure experience. With a two-year subscription costing just $69.95, 72% off, protecting your privacy has never been easier. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Have you ever gotten the feeling that there were limits to the visual perception of your surroundings? Well, that's because there are. The naked eye can only detect a fraction of what’s happening all around you. But with a FLIR ONE PRO smartphone attachment, you can detect the hidden world of thermal imaging wherever you go. You’re probably already familiar with how thermal imaging works from video games, movies, and television, so you probably understand the basics. But with a FLIR ONE PRO, you’ll discover the myriad applications of thermal imaging in your own day-to-day life. Those applications include practical tasks like spotting leaks in your water pipes or insulation, as well as more fun and creative uses. If you’ve ever experienced the anxiety of losing a pet in the middle of the night, you’ll be relieved to know that with a FLIR ONE PRO module, Sparky will stand out like a lightbulb even in pitch darkness thanks to a little thing called body heat. Other animals will too, of course, which makes it a great way to discover all the natural wildlife that might be hanging out in your backyard at night without your even knowing. Practical applications like making household repairs or recovering lost pets is one thing, but that’s only the tip of the thermal imaging iceberg. It also has plenty of creative uses, starting with the inspiration that can come from a whole new way of looking at the world. And if you have kids, the educational possibilities of the FLIR ONE PRO are probably self-evident. You’ll discover more and more ways to use the FLIR ONE the longer you use it. It’s an ideal way for anyone interested in the possibilities of thermal imaging to explore them for the first time. But if you are already familiar with thermal imaging technology in your life or work, you’ll probably want to opt for the upgraded FLIR ONE Pro. True to its name, the FLIR ONE Pro is a professional-grade device. Its maximum native resolution towers at 19,200 pixels, and it features a wide array of pre-programmed measurement tools. Best of all, it can capture an expanded range of temperatures, all the way up to 752 degrees Fahrenheit. The FLIR ONE Pro is available for both iOS and Android devices, and can basically turn your phone into a genuine heat vision device straight out of Predator or The Mandalorian. So if you’re ready to leave the visible light spectrum in the dust, click here to learn more about the FLIR ONE Pro at the FLIR online store. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We live in a world that's so in love with remixing and reimagining music, we've built AIs dedicated to remixing one artist. If you'd rather hand-build your mixes, though, you'll need a way to break tracks down to their components. EasySplitter Pro will take any track apart into vocals, drums, bass, and instrumentals. And right now, a lifetime subscription is just $39.99, 93% off MSRP. All you need to do to divide a song in EasySplitter is log into the web portal or app, choose whether you want the vocals separated from the rest of the track or the track broken down into four different components, and then let EasySplitter do the work. The user interface is built so it only takes a few clicks to get what you need, and it'll work with WAV, MP3, OGG, M4A, WMA, and FLAC files, even outputting the same format as the track you upload. It's also designed to split up the track with no loss in quality, so you'll hear exactly what you need when you divide your track. The app makes it easy to hear the original track, and then what you've separated out, so you can fine-tune your approach. Since it's based on both iOS and Android apps and through the web, you can access your splits anywhere you have an internet connection, and all your files are stored in the cloud. Then, you have up to 30 days to download them from storage and get to work remixing, DJIng, and educating. Being able to look at each track helps you better understand a song, whether you want to sing along with it, remix it, or work it into your DJ set. EasySplitter Pro makes it simple, so you can focus on the music, and at $39.99, 93% off for a lifetime subscription, it's easy for any musician to add to their kit. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
One of the biggest modern challenges is how we get where we need to go. Climate change, access to transit, and types of transit will be part of this discussion as we electrify and slim down our approaches to mobility. Yet you don't need to wait to experience the future. The Faboard All-Terrain Skateboard can go both on and off the road, and right now it's $599.99, 19% off. The Faboard uses two 1000W motors connected to 6-inch non-inflatable silicone tires to take you where you need to go. The 7500 mAh batteries offer up to 17 miles of range at a top speed of 24.8 MPH. It also allows for hill climb of up to 20 degrees, enough to tackle the gnarliest hills. And, of course, you can simply skate the old-school way if you want to conserve battery power. It's easy to recharge as well, topping up within three hours, so you can ditch your car for the commute and then roll out at the end of the day. The durable 8-ply maple board can carry up to 330 pounds, so hauling a backpack full of groceries or taking your board out for an overnight trip to a friend's house is as easy as stepping on and pushing off. The handle on either side makes it easy to haul when you need to get off your board, and a built-in light bar keeps you visible and makes spotting obstructions in dim conditions easier. And for precision braking and acceleration, you can use the included remote control. How we get around is changing, and fast. Where before we took cars everywhere, we're looking at smaller, lighter, electric ways to get around. A Faboard can help you save gas and open up your city to you, and at $599.99, 19% off, it's a great way to put the future under your feet. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It’s more important than ever that mental health care be made as affordable and accessible as possible. People shouldn’t avoid getting the help they need because it’s too expensive, or because psychiatrists and therapists in their area are all booked up. Or because dealing with the red tape of the traditional health care system is too stressful. Luckily, innovative online counseling platforms like Cerebral are revolutionizing the mental healthcare industry by making it dramatically easier for people to get the quality care they deserve. As you probably could have guessed, the coronavirus pandemic and the measures enacted to combat it have taken an unprecedented toll on mental health. According to the CDC, 40 percent of all U.S. adults have experienced adverse mental health conditions such as anxiety or depression. But the numbers are way higher for young people. An astounding 75 percent of people between the ages of 18-to-24 have reported at least one adverse mental health symptom during the pandemic, while the number stands at 52 percent for people between the ages of 25-to-44. Unfortunately, traditional mental and behavioral healthcare, where you sit face-to-face with a doctor or psychotherapist, is not an option for a lot of people right now. But that isn’t an excuse to avoid getting help. If you or someone you love is going through a hard time, you should take a look at Cerebral. Cerebral is a comprehensive online mental health service designed to help people overcome the roadblocks associated with traditional mental healthcare. Unlike some online services that just provide counseling, Cerebral takes a one-stop approach, supporting you through every step in the process. In addition to online counseling, Cerebral also provides access to fully licensed healthcare providers who can actually prescribe medications. Then, if needed, Cerebral can even ship prescriptions right to your door. And everything is included with the price of your subscription to the service. Cerebral’s comprehensive model is designed for long term care for people 18 or older who are experiencing symptoms of anxiety, depression, or insomnia and believe they may benefit from treatment. Cerebral providers may also be able to treat bipolar disorder, depending on severity and the types of medications required. However, Cerebral is not suitable for people suffering from mental health issues such as schizophrenia, suicidal ideation, and substance abuse issues. To get started with Cerebral, the first thing you do is complete their free emotional assessment form. This helps their experts get an idea of the symptoms you are experiencing. Then you choose from one of three different subscription plans and get started. Cerebral’s Medication + Basic Care plan is for people who know they need medication, but only require occasional counseling. With this plan, after you complete your assessment you’ll have a video or phone visit with your prescribing provider, who will help you determine your course of treatment and provide monthly follow-up appointments. You will also be able to schedule monthly appointments with your Care Counselor, who will discuss your progress, offer support, and teach you valuable skills. And all appointments can be easily managed on Cerebral’s smartphone app. Cerebral’s Medication + Therapy Plan is for people who need a little more support along the way. This plan gives you everything you get in the Medication + Basic Care plan, but instead of monthly sessions with a Care Counselor you’ll get weekly online meetings with a licensed therapist. You will be matched with a list of therapists based on your assessment, and you can choose which one you think is right for you. You can also switch therapists at any time if you feel you need a change. Last there is Cerebral’s Therapy Plan for those who don’t need medication to manage their issues. With this plan you will meet weekly with your therapist, but you will not meet with a prescribing provider. These days almost everyone is struggling with some form of anxiety or depression. But you don’t have to simply accept it. Thanks to Cerebral’s innovative model for online care, getting help is easier than ever. So don’t wait. Click here and start your wellness journey today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Elon Musk's Neuralink, the billionaire's nascent brain computer interface company, is closer than ever to letting users control a computer with their mind alone, or even allowing the visually impaired to see again. In the company's latest demo, Neuralink showed off an impressive video of a macaque monkey called Pager playing a game of "MindPong," seemingly controlling the paddle with its thoughts alone. Musk hasn't shied away from making sweeping promises, even claiming that future Neuralink devices will allow "paraplegics to walk again" in a Thursday tweet. But the demo isn't exactly groundbreaking to experts, with some arguing that the underlying technology has been around for decades. "Brain control of computer cursors by monkeys is not exactly new, and this demonstration extends a line of work that dates back at least to pioneering studies in the early 2000s," Andrew Jackson, professor of neural interfaces at Newcastle University, told the BBC. Jackson also pointed out that Neuralink has yet to release peer-reviewed data. "The control in the video looks impressive, but without seeing a proper publication on their data it is hard to say how it compares to the current state-of-the-art." Some are more impressed. "It's an exciting demo," Mikhail Shapiro, a professor of chemical engineering and a brain control interfaces researcher at Caltech, told Futurism. Neuralink did hold a tech edge over other previous efforts to turn brain signals into computer inputs, in Shapiro's analysis. "Similar levels of control with brain-machine interfaces have been demonstrated using brain-penetrating electrodes in human patients with paralysis, but most of those technologies required the patient to be connected to a wire," Shapiro said. "Neuralink's device is wireless and fully implanted, which is a significant improvement." On that point, Jackson appears to agree. "This to me is the advance here," Jackson told the BBC, referring to Neuralink's wireless tech, "and is important both for improving the safety of human applications (wires through the skin are a potential route for infection) and also as a way of improving the welfare of animals used in neuroscience studies." The feedback echoes comments made after Neuralink gave a "product update" last summer, with Musk describing the company's implant "kind of like a Fitbit in your skull, with tiny wires." In August 2020, Neuralink demonstrated live pigs with the devices installed, being alive and well. "I would say this is solid engineering but mediocre neuroscience," Jackson told the BBC at the time. Musk took a moment to respond to Jackson's comments on Twitter at the time, saying that "it is unfortunately common for many in academia to overweight the value of ideas and underweight bringing them to fruition." Needless to say, Neuralink probably has a long road ahead before it will implant the first devices in human skulls, pending regulatory approvals and clinical safety trials. If all goes according to plan — Musk is known for his extremely ambitious timelines — human trials could begin as soon as "later this year," according to a tweet by the CEO. But only time will tell if that plan will come to fruition. It's an impressive feat of neurotechnology. Having a monkey "playing a video game telepathically using a brain chip," as Musk put it, is no easy task, requiring years of hard work. But it's equally important to not lose sight of the forest for the trees. Many of these technologies aren't new and have arguably already been taken to the next level elsewhere. At the same time, that shouldn't dissuade scientists at Neuralink. Working implantable — and less invasive — brain-machine interfaces could be a game changer for many. READ MORE: Elon Musk's Neuralink 'shows monkey playing Pong with mind' [BBC] More on Neuralink: Elon Musk Says Neuralink’s First Product Will Control Smartphone With Brain Implant Share This Article 
There's nothing more American than revamping how you feel based on what you're wearing. This is especially true when you're trying to keep up with all the latest trends. The downside to being so consistently hip is that you're probably consuming fast fashion. Nearly 3.8 billion pounds, or about 85 percent, of clothing purchased by Americans is eventually sent to landfills as waste. That's about 80 pounds of fast fashion waste for someone just like you. And in order to combat the amount of waste you're creating, you have to purchase clothes built to last. This is why you need to know about Sene's Custom Ever Jean for women and men. Sene's Custom Ever Jeans are one-of-a-kind jeans made custom for men and women from scratch. Ever Jeans are designed in Los Angeles and expertly constructed and cut to fit each person’s preferences. As part of Sene's 1-to-1 model, they only make clothes if there is someone to actually wear it. And you're guaranteed to wear a pair of jeans that are made to perfectly fit your body. Part of what makes your custom Ever Jeans for women and men fit so well is the fabric. The premium stretch denim is from Japan and sourced from the same mill used by Prada, Acne Studios, and AG Jeans. This innovative Japanese stretch denim is incredibly comfortable, yet won't ever lose its shape or fit. That's because your custom Ever Jeans go through a thorough production process, and each piece is laser cut one at a time to order. Plus, there are multiple quality checkpoints across the production process to ensure the fit and craftsmanship are impeccable. You don't have to feel intimated when it comes to setting your preference for your perfect pair of Ever Jeans. There are a variety of ways for you to measure your body to ensure you're going to get a perfect-fitting pair of Ever Jeans for women or men. This includes the option to take an online quiz, measure the dimensions of your body, mail in your favorite pair of jeans to achieve a duplicate fit, or simply choose a standard size. Once you choose your fit method and purchase your pair of Ever Jeans for women or men, they are custom-made and hand-assembled specifically for you. Your garment is hand sewn in six days, and ships in about 2 weeks. All that's left for you to do is try them on and experience the joy of a perfect-fitting skinny jean. When it comes to Sene's Ever Jeans for women and men, it usually fits just right the first time. But if it doesn't, Sene will remake it until it does or cover your alterations. What if you change your mind or simply don't like your jeans? Return them for a full refund, or exchange them for another style or color. And guess what? Return shipping is free too, because Sene understands that buying custom clothing can seem scary. But the Sene Fit Guarantee makes it risk-free. So what are you waiting for? Say goodbye to fast fashion by purchasing a perfect fit with Sene's Custom Ever Jeans for women and men. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everyone has their go-to pick-me-up for when they feel like they’re running on fumes. Usually it’s something loaded with caffeine, sugar, or both. And that’s not necessarily a bad thing. Caffeine makes you feel more alert by blocking the neurological receptors for drowsiness, while sugar can give you a short but powerful burst of energy. The only problem, of course, is that these pick-me-ups don’t last very long, and when they wear off, you’re in for a serious crash. So if you want a better pick-me-up, you need to check out Qualia Nootropic Energy Shots by Neurohacker Collective, a trusted leader in nootropics. (Futurism Readers: Use coupon code “PROD15” for 15% off your purchase.) Qualia Nootropic Energy is the world’s first nootropics-based clean energy shot. It’s the result of years of research into brain function and neurochemical systems by the team of scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective, who identified specific physiological processes that can be easily and quickly augmented by various nootropic compounds, vitamins, amino acids, fruit extracts, and herbal extracts. These scientists then developed a precise blend of 12 ingredients that are clinically proven to improve cognitive function and overall brain health. As the name suggests, the key ingredients in Qualia Nootropic Energy Shots are nootropics. While some companies market nootropics as “smart drugs,” in reality nootropics are just chemical compounds that the brain uses as fuel for cognition. When taken in the right amounts and in the right combinations, nootropics can enhance neuroplasticity and neurotransmission, which in turn enhances verbal fluency, critical thinking, memory, mood, stamina, alertness, and focus. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks contain six different nootropic compounds: Unlike other nootropics supplements and energy drinks, every single ingredient in Qualia Nootropic Energy is extensively researched, and the doses are formulated to maximize synergies. In many cases, this means Neurohacker Collective is able to use less of particular ingredients because their efficacy is amplified by another ingredient. Take caffeine, for example. Unlike other energy drinks, Qualia Nootropic Energy does not use pure caffeine. Instead it uses coffee berry extract derived from the fruit of the coffee tree. The advantage of coffee berry extract is that, in addition to caffeine, it also contains naturally occurring polyphenols that support healthy brain function. Neurohacker Collective is also able to use way less caffeine because of synergies between caffeine and other compounds like L-theanine and alpinia galanga, which amplify the nootropic effects of caffeine. While some energy drinks contain upwards of 200mg of caffeine per dose, Qualia Nootropic Energy contains only 90mg, which is less than an 8oz cup of coffee. Neurohacker Collective takes this novel approach to dosing with all the nootropics in Qualia Nootropic Energy. Each one is formulated based on the way it interacts with other vitamins, antioxidants, adaptogen extracts, amino acids, and choline donors, so that they promote efficient brain metabolism, provide neuroprotection, sharpen memory and focus, slow cellular aging, and improve neurotransmission. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks are designed for daily or occasional use. Each two-ounce berry-flavored shot contains just 4g of sugar and 15 total calories. Shots come in packs of 20. New subscribers get 50-percent off their first shipment, plus 17-percent off all subsequent shipments. Like all Neurohacker Collective products, Qualia Nootropic Energy comes with a full 100-day money-back guarantee, plus a free cognitive assessment tool to help you track changes in cognitive function. If you don’t notice an improvement in your mental performance while using Qualia Nootropic Energy Shots, they’ll give you a full refund. (Don't Forget to use coupon code “PROD15” for 15% off your purchase.) If you’re looking for clean long-lasting energy that can enhance mental and athletic performance, boost memory, and promote focus, it might be time to give the triple macchiatos a break. Try Qualia Nootropics Energy Shots today and see what advanced brain science can do for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The French army's foremost military school, École Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr, has shown off pictures of the latest addition to its team of combatants: a four-legged robotic dog called Spot, built by US firm Boston Dynamics. 21. Je déploie le robot pour reconnaitre OSCAR3.Retour en images sur l’exercice de recherche appliquée organisé les 30 et 31 mars par l’EMIA et le centre de recherche. Robotisation du champ de bataille : sensibiliser les élèves aux enjeux de demain. #CapaciTERRE #Robots pic.twitter.com/HiZ2BFOZPY — Saint-Cyr Coëtquidan (@SaintCyrCoet) April 6, 2021  Spot, alongside several other robots, was part of a two-day training exercise, and was reportedly used for reconnaissance. Strangely, Boston Dynamics’ VP of business development Michael Perry told The Verge that the company had no idea about the exercise. "We’re learning about it as you are," Perry told the outlet. "We’re not clear on the exact scope of this engagement." After the publication of this story, a Boston Dynamics spokesperson reached out to clarify that although it wasn't aware of the specific training exercise, the company was aware that the French military was testing its robot. During the exercise, soldiers simulated the capturing of a crossroads, defensive actions during night and day, and an urban-based combat test, according to French newspaper Ouest-France. Spot didn't exactly make a positive impression. According to the newspaper, the robot ran out of juice during an exercise and had to be carried. A photo in the paper shows soldiers carrying the bot's inert body. The news comes after Spot was seen patrolling the streets on behalf of the New York City Police Department in February. The incidents paint a troubling picture of where the robot could be deployed next. Its forays into the battlefield shouldn't come as much of a shock: Boston Dynamics has a longstanding history in developing robots for the US army. The robot's terms and conditions of sale forbid it from being used "to harm or intimidate any person or animal, as a weapon, or to enable any weapon." "We think that the military, to the extent that they do use robotics to take people out of harm’s way, we think that’s a perfectly valid use of the technology," Perry told The Verge. But it seems as though Boston Dynamics has already lost track of how its robots are being deployed — which isn't reassuring. Besides, if anything were to go wrong, who will hold the blame? Whether being used for reconnaissance or in active combat, Spot's future is anything but certain. Let's just hope military forces around the world aren't tempted to mount guns on the robot dog's back. Editor's note 4/9/2021: Added a comment from a Boston Dynamics spokesperson clarifying that the company was in fact aware that the French military was testing its Spot robot, although it wasn't aware of this specific exercise. READ MORE: The French army is testing Boston Dynamics’ robot dog Spot in combat scenarios [The Verge] More on Boston Dynamics: Boston Dynamics Shows Off New Warehouse Robot Share This Article 
Neuralink co-founder Elon Musk said today that his brain computer interface company's first product will allow users with paralysis to "use a smartphone with their mind faster than someone using thumbs." Alongside Musk's claims, made in a series of tweets, the company shared a new video of a nine year old macaque called Pager playing a game of Pong using two Neuralink units implanted in its brain six weeks prior. Musk has some enormous ambitions for what is next. "Later versions will be able to shunt signals from Neuralinks in brain to Neuralinks in body motor/sensory neuron clusters, thus enabling, for example, paraplegics to walk again," he wrote in a follow-up tweet. Needless to say, going from moving a cursor up and down for a game of Pong to an implanted device giving back control to those with paralysis would represent a huge step. It will likely take years — if ever — before the company will announce a device capable of not only interpreting brain activity, but sending signals out to different parts of the body as well. The billionaire CEO also didn't rule out using future devices for the visually impaired. "Absolutely doable," he tweeted in response to a Tesla fan account asking him if future iterations could help the visually impaired or the blind. "Possibly as soon as Neuralink device version 2, highly likely by version 3." The Neuralink device itself will be very unnoticeable once implanted, according to Musk. "The device is implanted flush with skull and charges wirelessly, so you look and feel totally normal." It's still unclear when Neuralink's first device could be made available, let alone be trialed inside a human brain for the first time. While today's video showing a monkey playing pong is certainly impressive, getting the devices into people's brains will likely take a significant amount of time, from health and safety checks, clinical trials, regulator approvals, and so on. But the potential is certainly there: allowing those with paralysis to regain control over their limbs or having the visually impaired be able to see again are arguably more meaningful goals — at least in the short term — than making electric cars even faster or building a massive rocket to take us to Mars. Share This Article 
There are all sorts of home DNA tests for humans. Some of them aim to tell you about your ancestry and ethnic origins. Some aim to provide you with valuable health insights by looking for specific genetic markers. And some aim to do both. Now, thanks to the Basepaws Cat DNA Test, you can get a DNA test that does the same things for your furry feline companions. Why would you want a DNA test for your cat? Well, the part about valuable health insights is a no brainer. But there’s more to it than that. Cats are some of our most beloved and loyal companions. However, they’re also kind of mysterious. Dog experts can get a pretty good idea of what kind of behavior and health issues you can expect just by looking at your pooch. That’s how well-defined dog breeds are. But with cats, there’s basically no way to understand why they are the way just from looking at them. To do that, you’ve got to dig a bit deeper. That’s where the Basepaws Cat DNA test comes in. It uses some really cool cutting edge science to give you a fun new way to connect with and understand your feline friends. The collection process for the Basepaws Cat DNA Test works just like the collection process for a human DNA test. After you sign up, Basepaws sends you a sterile cheek swab, a biohazard specimen bag, detailed instructions on sample collection, and prepaid packaging for easy return shipping of your cat's sample. Once Basepaws receives your cat’s sample, they will use state-of-the-art sequencing machines to read and record your cat’s genome. Of course, you will have to figure out how to get the swab inside your cat’s mouth. Which should be interesting. But you’re a cat person, right? You can figure it out! Once your cat’s DNA has been sequenced, Basepaws compares your cat’s DNA to DNA from other Basepaws cats, as well as other feline DNA databases from the scientific community. Some sections of your cat’s DNA contain genes that have already been studied and linked to specific physical traits or diseases. Other sections of DNA contain genes the functions of which are still unknown. However, Basepaws is on a mission to unlock these secrets, and every cat they sequence brings them closer to that goal. Once all the analysis is complete, Basepaws compiles the results into a report on your cat’s unique genetic profile. You can expect to receive this report in just four to six weeks. The Basepaws profile consists of three elements: Breed Analysis, Wildcat Index, and Health Markers. The Breed Analysis tells you which cat breeds are most genetically similar to your cat. Maybe your cat’s genome is similar to a Western Maine Coon? Or an Eastern Burmese? Or an adorable polycat? Basepaws’ feline genomic database can estimate your tabby’s origins to more than 21 breed types and 4 breed regions. This might give you insights into your cat’s behavior and personality traits, or it might help explain why your cat looks the way it does. The Wildcat Index lets you learn a bit about your kitty’s wild side. Basepaws compares your cat’s DNA to the DNA of tigers, leopards, cheetahs, and cougars, then ranks the results based on genomic similarity. These results are not intended to serve as evidence that your cat is part wildcat, but rather to give you an idea of how your cat fits into the evolutionary story of the domestic cat. Last, and most importantly, Basepaws’ Health Markers provide crucial insights that can help you keep your cat happy and healthy down the road. The DNA test looks for 38 different genetic markers and provides reports on mutation carrier status and predispositions to 16 different diseases, including polycystic Kidney Disease (PKD), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), retinal degeneration, myotonia. These reports are not diagnoses, but they can provide valuable insights that can help you should your cat show signs of illness in the future. The Basepaws Cat DNA Test is a cool way to have fun with modern science, get to know your cat better, and gain valuable health insights that could prolong your furry friend’s life down the road. If all of that sounds like something you’d be interested in, click here to learn more and order yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's springtime here in the US and beach season is neigh. And if we had to guess, you've probably spent the last year mostly inside, at your computer, bingeing shows, and not exercising. Like, at all. This, we've learned, is not great for you! But fear not: The ARENA Mobile Gym is fresh off of crushing their IndieGoGo launch, and are looking to revolutionize the way you work out at home (and literally wherever you go). ARENA may simply look like one of those step boxes from the 80's, but the similarities stop at the comparable size. The insides of this trapezoid are incredibly technical, boasting features like regenerative charging (so a single charge can last 30 days), up to 200lbs of resistance for complete body training, and sensors that keep track of reps, progress, and workout plans so you don't have to. ARENA offers over 300 different movements, four different workout attachments (an ankle band, tricep rope, straight bar, and a single handle), and two brand new mobile workouts every day. As with all things data, the more you have, the more you can optimize your performance. ARENA's not simply a strength training device, it also feeds a mobile app that helps you train more effectively. Looking to shed some of those quarantine pounds? Use the SmartWeight™ program to automatically adjust your workouts to hit your target weight. More into toning and building? Your personalized Impact Score™ will help you optimize your training regimen, taking the guesswork out of where to focus next. Gamification features around hitting targets, beating athlete challenges, and reaching award milestones help keep you motivated, and if you're a real pro you can even create and save your own workout routines. Speaking of being a pro, ARENA's coaches are some of the most highly respected trainers out there, consulting numerous professional teams and training the world's top athletes. Dive into their library of workouts to find a coach who works best for you, or you can even schedule virtual 1-to-1 training sessions to get an even more customized workout experience. While the ARENA base package comes with everything you need to get moving, additional attachments are available as well, like an Olympic style bar and a hip belt for squats. Find yourself on the move a lot? The ARENA only weighs 38 lbs, and easily fits in the trunk of your car. Best of all? ARENA was designed and manufactured in the USA by people who get this kind of thing, with engineering backgrounds from places like Lockheed, Google, and Apple, and fitness experience with clients in the MLB, NBA, NCAA, and NFL. While the idea of a bunch of technical engineers hanging out with a bunch of professional athletes may sound like an amateur pitch for a new Revenge of the Nerds film, the actual end result is a fitness program that makes working out as easy as riding a bike, and scalable for first-timer and professional athletes alike. The ARENA mobile gym is currently available in the United States, but plans to expand internationally in late 2021. Interested in finding out more? Check them out here. Futurism fans: This post was paid for by ARENA and was written by non-editorial staff. This content does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
High profile Silicon Valley venture capitalist Peter Thiel suggested during a virtual seminar that China may use bitcoin as a weapon against the US dollar, Business Insider reports. "Even though I'm a pro-crypto, pro-bitcoin maximalist person, I do wonder whether at this point bitcoin should also be thought of in part as a Chinese financial weapon against the US," he said during the Richard Nixon Foundation seminar this week. "It threatens fiat money, but it especially threatens the US dollar and China wants to do things to weaken it." The US dollar has long been the reserve currency of choice around the globe, undermining China's position in global markets. "From China’s point of view... they don’t like the US having this reserve currency, because it gives us a lot of leverage over Iranian oil supply chains and all sorts of things like that," Thiel said. Thiel also criticized the new digital currency established by China is a "totalitarian measuring device" instead of an actual cryptocurrency like bitcoin. The "digital yuan" known as the Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC), was trialed last month in Beijing, Suzhou, and Shenzen. About $6 million worth was handed out in a trial in Chengdu, China, to 50,000 applicants, as CNBC reported earlier this year. Shark Tank star Kevin O'Leary has recently struck a similar tone as Thiel, announcing this week he will only buy "clean" bitcoins and not "blood coins" from China. Despite his criticisms, Thiel still believes that the US should consider adopting more crypto technologies. US policymakers and investors are becoming increasingly worried that international moves to establish centralized digital currencies could end up undermining the dominance of the US dollar. But with "financial weapons" aimed at the US, China could soon move ahead, effectively weakening the US dollar. It will be up to lawmakers to ensure that the US markets stay relevant in a rapidly changing financial landscape. READ MORE: Billionaire tech investor Peter Thiel warns bitcoin might serve as a Chinese financial weapon against the US - and says it threatens the dollar [Business Insider] More on bitcoin: Man Sentenced for Buying Chemical Weapons With Bitcoin Share This Article 
Identity theft is a bigger problem today than it’s ever been. With a pandemic sweeping the globe for the last year, practically every aspect of our lives has moved online. As a result, criminals now have more potential identity theft victims than ever before. So if you want to make sure you’re protected, you need to take a look at LifeLock, an identity theft protection service that monitors for the use of your personal information and credit score changes. The latest statistics on identity theft are not looking good. According to the Insurance Information Institute, there was a 45-percent increase in identity theft in 2020. Though criminals will go after any income source, one of the most common targets was the federal stimulus payments. That said, identity theft is a versatile crime. Once hackers get your identity, they can do just about anything, including filing tax returns, paying medical bills, and opening bank accounts. In fact, about 30-percent of all identity theft crimes involve opening bank accounts. Whichever way you want to look at it, there is a very good chance that a great deal of your personal information is exposed. All it takes is one major data breach for you to become a victim. The good news is that there are a lot of technology companies continuously working to prevent identity theft. And one of the best and most effective is LifeLock. Developed by Norton, a pioneer in the anti-virus industry, LifeLock is an affordable, effective, and simple-to-use app that can protect according to your needs, whether you’re just a precautions individual or a small-scale company. It takes only a couple of minutes to install and sign up for LifeLock. Once installed, LifeLock protects all your online information. If it detects suspicious activity, it will alert you by text, phone, email, or any other method that you’ve selected. LifeLock also comes with a VPN, or virtual private network, which is an essential method of protecting your internet connection. Right now hackers and even your internet service provider can intercept the data you’re sharing online. However, VPNs encrypt that information, making it impossible for anyone to use your data should they intercept it. That means they cannot stealing your personal information or sell it to third parties for advertising purposes. Of course, while it is highly unlikely, it is still possible that you could become a victim of identity theft even while using LifeLock. Luckily, LifeLock plans for the worst-case scenario. In the event that you become a victim of identity theft, LifeLock has a team legal experts that will work to help you resolve the situation. And in the event that any of your funds are stolen, LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of the plan you subscribe to, which can be up to million dollars. LifeLock works on any Windows or Mac desktop computer or Android or iOS smart device. With over 9000 positive reviews on their website, you can be pretty sure that LifeLock is a trustworthy investment. However, they also offer a 60-day money-back guarantee. So if you’re not completely satisfied with LifeLock for whatever reason, you can cancel at any time. The best part about LifeLock is the incredibly affordable pricing. Subscriptions start at less than $9 per month when you for one year up front. That’s an incredibly small price to pay to protect your most sensitive personal information and give yourself peace of mind. Click here to get started with LifeLock today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While the internet may belong to cats, dogs are not just our best friends–they can save our lives. Yet, often, we don't know much about the history of our furry friend next to us on the couch. DNA My Dog helps fill in those gaps, and right now, it's doing it for $59.99, 24% off. DNA My Dog has been named a leader in ethical canine genetic testing by the GHP Biotechnology Awards in 2020. It is simple to use, and is similar to human DNA tests. You swab your pooch's cheeks with the sterile applicator, drop it in the mail using the provided envelope, and in two weeks or less, you will get a full report in the mail. The results include a photo certificate breaking down the different breeds that make up your unique dog, designed for framing, a percentage breakdown of which breeds were found in the results, and an analysis of which breeds are dominant in your dog's personal make-up. So if you've ever wondered just where they got the pug face and the corgi legs, yet eat like a Lab and run like a Schipperke, you can finally get some answers. The genetic breakdown is particularly important, as it can offer clues as to your pet's possible health concerns. Every dog is unique, and no genetic mix is a guarantee of good or bad health. Yet it's useful information and can help you understand what's going on with your furry friend. For older dogs and rescues, in particular, it can fill in some crucial gaps you might not otherwise have been able to determine. Some mixes can even closely reflect the looks and personality of certain breeds, while having entirely different health needs. We love our dogs, and knowing their genetic makeup helps us better understand them and do our best for them. And at $59.99, 24% off, DNA My Dog teaches you a little more about your four-legged friend. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There are more online investing platforms to choose from than ever before. Unfortunately, while these platforms are all driven by advanced analytics, most of them are DIY services that give you very little input from actual human beings. And that’s pretty crazy when you stop and think about it. With all the different investing options available, planning for your financial future is as complicated as it has ever been, and no two investors are exactly alike. Instead  of using the latest advancements in fintech to remove human advisors from the equation, we should be using it to make a personal financial advisor accessible to more people. Luckily, there is one company out to do just that. They’re called Farther, and they’re goal is to provide regular investors the kind of full service wealth management that was previously only available to billionaires. As you probably know, ultra-high-net-worth investors do not invest their money at regular financial services firms, and they certainly don’t manage their investments themselves through various online platforms. Instead they use what’s known in the financial services industry as a “family office,” which is a full-service private wealth management service that manages every aspect of a wealthy individual or family’s finances, from financial planning and investing, to accounting, budgeting, insurance, charitable giving, wealth transfer, and tax services. In an ideal world everybody would opt to have a family office run their financial life. However, until now this holistic approach to wealth management was only available to people with generational wealth. But now Farther is out to change the game. How can Farther offer this of service to regular investors? By making better use of the latest financial technologies. At Farther, they let the tech do all the things it is really good at, from cash growth prioritization and algorithmically-managed goals-based portfolios, to tax-reducing strategies powered by data and automation. This frees up their human advisors to do the things they’re really good at, like talking to clients about what they hope to achieve financially, and helping them create bespoke portfolios and accounts uniquely suited to their goals. The result is a “family office” experience for regular people with truly holistic financial planning services that include not just investing, but estate planning, charitable giving strategies, insurance, tuition planning, and strategic tax reduction services. Farther uses a team of experienced financial advisers who are empowered by the latest data, tools, and financial technology to help you grow your wealth. With no commissions, no hidden fees, and no proprietary products, their only goal is to do what’s in your best interest and give you peace of mind so you can focus on all the other stuff that matters in your life. When you invest with Farther, the first thing you do is get matched with a dedicated personal advisor. You then tell your advisor your financial goals—whether it’s owning a vacation home, planning for your kids college tuition, building a nest egg, or traveling the globe—and they’ll help then help you set up goal-based accounts, such as an emergency fund, IRA, and customized investment portfolios. All Farther portfolios are backed by the latest fintech that helps maximize your wealth and minimize taxes. This includes daily “smart rebalancing,” which reduces your risk of overexposure by automatically rebalancing your portfolio. It also includes “savings waterfalls,” which spreads out or “cascades” new money across your various accounts in a way that reduces your taxes and stretches your earning potential. And of course, Farther uses technology to make everything simple and easy to understand. By linking your banks accounts, investment accounts, and debt accounts all in one place, they make it easy for you to log on and see the big picture. Your financial life has a lot of moving parts. Between investing, savings, debt, insurance, taxes, tuition, and charitable giving, it’s simply too much to manage on your own. Now, thanks to Farther, you can actually afford to get the kind of financial help billionaires have been getting since, well, forever. So don’t wait around and risk losing money by managing your investments yourself. Click here and go farther with Farther today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Conventional wisdom says that the good furniture goes inside, and the not-as-good stuff goes outside. It’s not hard to understand the reasoning behind this: the furniture you put outside is going to be rained, hailed, and snowed on, not to mention all the dirt and grime it will be exposed to out there. But with Outer furniture, it doesn’t necessarily follow that your outdoor furniture isn’t good enough to go inside the house. In fact, the company's outdoor sofa will quite possibly be the most comfortable piece of furniture you own. The Outer Sofa is so comfortable and durable that it will have you coming up with excuses to sit outside. Like every other piece of Outer furniture, it’s outfitted with memory foam cushions just like those used in higher-end mattresses, and Outer is confident that they’re the most comfortable outdoor cushions available anywhere. Comfort is only one reason to put an Outer Sofa on your porch or in your backyard. The other is its incredible durability, made possible thanks to Outer’s own OuterShell technology. It protects your furniture from anything the elements can dish out whenever you aren’t using it. OuterShell is basically a force field that protects your Outer furniture from everything it’s likely to encounter outside, but the furniture underneath is almost unbelievably durable all on its own. Outer cushions are wrapped in “life-proof fabric,” and the furniture itself is constructed from sturdy, all-weather wicker and even sturdier stainless steel, so dirt and grime from the elements, kids, and even pets will bounce right off of. Outer’s memory foam cushions are extremely durable and resistant to everything from pets and weather to spills. Not only will these cushions last longer than you thought possible for outdoor furniture, but you’ll also be able to spend more time enjoying your patio sofa and less time worrying about unsightly spills or unhealthy mold. Don’t like wicker? The Outer Sofa is now newly available in grade A sustainable and responsibly sourced teak. Outer’s brand new Teak Collection features warm, honey-colored timbers with a tight grain and an abundance of natural oils to serve as a protective barrier against the elements, creating a durable and long-lasting piece for years to come. And if you’re concerned about the environment, you’ll be even more pleased to know that for every Outer Teak chair and sofa sold, saplings will be planted in partner forests to help maintain Earth's carbon balance. The Outer Sofa is fully modular, which allows you to rearrange the pieces into any configuration that fits your outdoor space, no matter what. Four-piece, five-piece, six-piece, seven-piece, and eight-piece furniture sets are all available from the Outer online store. If you care about the environment, the Outer Sofa is a perfect choice for your deck, porch, or yard. Outer’s engineered their sofa and other products with the goal “to create the world's most comfortable, durable, innovative, and sustainable outdoor furniture.” . And that's a goal they’ve achieved handily. But you won’t have to sacrifice comfort or durability in the name of environmental friendliness. For more information on the Outer Sofa, head over to the Outer online store. Everyone in your household, not to mention all your guests, will thank you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Human communication is reliant on text, to the point where we should probably not send that email, for multiple reasons. Still, between emails, transcripts, meeting notes, and interesting or relevant articles to our interests or careers, we have a lot of text to wade through in a given day. Elocance, which has a 4.1 star rating on the App Store, helps by taking all that text and turning it into a podcast you can listen to, while doing something else. And right now a lifetime subscription is just $34.99, 91% off. You can create your playlist using Elocance's Chrome Extension, sharing articles to the iOS or Android app, or by forwarding an email to their custom email address. It supports PDF, Word, and PowerPoint, as well as content in twelve languages, making it ideal to build custom language learning playlists or to help those with more of an ear than an eye for languages better grasp what's written. Once you submit the content, Elocance creates a custom audio file using your preferred voice and accent, and puts it on a playlist in the app. Then, just pop in your earbuds, turn up your car audio, or let it roll in your office as you run errands, work out, or multitask. You can share the productivity, as well; you can easily turn your own content into audio files, and share a browser link with anyone who wants to listen. You can even share it on social media, or embed it into buttons on your newsletter, making your content more accessible and broadening your audience. We've all got a lot of text to catch up on, and a lot to do during the day. Elocance makes it easier to stay on top of your inbox and your reading list with a lifetime subscription for just $34.99, 91% off the MSRP. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A new image taken by NASA's Perseverance Mars rover shows what appears to be a rainbow. But since there are no rain droplets in the dry Martian atmosphere, it couldn't have been a rainbow as we experience them back on Earth — so what was it? After the image went viral, netizens offered up several possible explanations: it either could have been a "dustbow" caused by dust particles in the air, or it could've simply been a lens flare, artifacts caused by stray light rays entering Perseverance's Hazcam lens. Now, thanks to the kind folks at NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab, we have an answer to the mystery. In an email to Futurism, JPL media relations specialist Andrew Good confirmed that the "rainbow" was indeed an artifact caused by the Hazcam's lens. "What you’re seeing there is a lens flare," Good wrote. "We have sunshades on the front Hazcams, which were considered mission critical (since we need them for driving forward, and we’re usually driving forward)." "Sunshades weren’t considered essential on the back ones," Good explained, "so you can still see scattered light artifacts in their images." Without sunshades, sunlight can easily make its way into the Hazcams looking over the "back" of the six-wheeled rover, causing the diffractions. Lens flares can show up in a number of different ways, depending on the type of lens. Perseverance carries six next-generation cameras as part of its hazard avoidance camera system, four on the front and two in the rear. They're mostly used to evaluate potential hazards in the way of the rover. Even given that this particular photo doesn't seem to show a rainbow, there's still a tiny chance we could one day see a rainbow-like phenomenon in the Martian sky. In a 2015 "Ask Me Anything," NASA Mars Program Office Chief Scientist Rich Zurek suggested that "icebows" could appear over the Martian horizon in a response to a question about the possibility of rainbows on Mars. Not all is what it seems, even given the steady stream of fascinating images taken by its Perseverance rover. But with a little context, there's plenty to learn about our planetary neighbor. More on the image: NASA Releases Breathtaking Rover Photo of “Rainbow” on Mars Share This Article 
If you're like most Americans, you know you need to squeeze in that workout, but just can't figure out how. Especially now that you're accomplishing the delicate balancing act of being the perfect pandemic working-from-home-employee, a teacher, a gardener, and housekeeper. But what if you could simply make the time while also giving yourself that much-needed break?  According to a study conducted by the Mayo Clinic, infrared saunas cause your body to have a similar reaction to performing moderate exercise, including sweating and increased heart rate. And now you can get these results while chilling out at home during your downtime with HigerDOSE's Infrared Sauna Blanket V3. HigherDOSE's V3 Blanket uses infrared light to increase your body’s thermal energy and promote a temporary increase in blood flow – so you sweat like you’re working out, without working out. Not only that, the V3 Blanket provides all the benefits of an in-spa infrared sauna treatment, but in the privacy of your own home. This means you can wrap yourself in the V3 Blanket and let the infrared light waves work their magic on your body while catching up on your favorite shows. As you relax in the soothing, yet stimulating heat, the infrared light provides an uplifting sensation. The result? A healthy, rejuvenating experience that leaves you feeling euphoric. Helping you up your cardio is one of the many health benefits of the Infrared Sauna Blanket V3. Additionally, studies have found that the infrared light used in the V3 Blanket will also give you a glow-up. That's right, the infrared light used in the V3 Blanket also results in glowing skin, tranquility, and best of all, the easing of pain and soreness associated with the aging process. That's because the far-infrared light used in the Infrared Sauna Blanket V3 is designed to heat your body up at much lower temperatures than a regular sauna, which makes it accessible to people who can't tolerate the heat of a conventional sauna. HigherDOSE's Infrared Sauna Blanket V3 is the original "sauna blanket" and is cut above all others on the market. It was created with the support and expertise of Clearlight Infrared's Dr. Raleigh Duncan and was first launched in 2017. Since then, the founders of HighDOSE have worked tirelessly for years to develop the best possible version of the sauna blanket, resulting in the Infrared Sauna Blanket V3. This most recent version includes layers of charcoal, crystals, and clay (which generate negative ions); low EMF infrared heat; and non-toxic premium fabrics to bring you an infrared blanket like no other. Most importantly, the blanket has been fine-tuned to give you the same high-end experience you'd receive at HigherDOSE's famous NYC spa, resulting in an infrared blanket experience unlike any other. So what are you waiting for? Treat yourself to the amazing benefits of an exercise-free workout, glowing skin, and blissfulness with the V3 Blanket. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As we conduct more of our lives online, we're realizing just how much we do in public, whether we realize it or not. And while some violations of privacy are more egregious than others, you don't have to put up with them. The Winston Privacy Filter makes privacy as simple as plugging it into your router, and right now you can get it for $179, a savings of 10%. When you connect Winston, you have a choice between High Compatibility and Aggressive modes. The High Compatibility mode is designed to filter out the most common annoyances, like ads and trackers. Aggressive mode gives you total control, using both custom-designed modules chosen through your web browser and your own whitelist to fine-tune what it allows through and booting the rest. Since it's connected at the source, it does this automatically for every device on your network, from your smart kitchen to your phone. Both modes also prevent "fingerprinting" your device and domain name system (DNS) lookups. For example, your internet service provider might use DNS to determine you have a smart TV and bombard you with ads for a streaming service you don't want. Plus, it intermixes your traffic with other, randomly chosen Winston users across a privacy mesh network, swapping every ten minutes to make your activity even harder to sort out. This creates a sort of camaraderie with fellow Winston users, who gave the device an average score of 4.7 out of 5 stars on Trustpilot. Winston not only does all this, but it also looks good doing it. The anodized aluminum cover is both stylish and designed to keep Winston cool and functioning no matter how intense your web surfing gets. Prop it up with a kickstand to show it off, or lay it flat to discreetly keep it next to your modem or router. Finally, there's nothing to subscribe to. After saving 10%, and getting Winston for $179, all you have to do is plug it in, and surf with confidence. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Every musician knows the steady click-click-click of the metronome. It's a tool so powerful, it can teach physics as well as music. Yet you can't always bring one with you, and they can be distracting as well as helpful. The Soundbrenner smartwatch changes all of that by bringing wearable technology to the metronome. The Soundbrenner is a vibrating metronome, so right away you get rid of the clicks that might interfere with your rhythm. It comes with two silicone bands, as well, one for the wrist and one for the arm or ankle. If you want to keep your hands free, you can easily place the Soundbrenner on straps and equipment if you want to keep it with your instruments. The Soundbrenner connects to your phone via Bluetooth, so you can practice anywhere, even if you don't have signal. You can set the beat precisely by using the app on iOS or Android, going up to 400 BPM, or you can tap one out on the face instead. Then adjust the tempo with the outer control wheel, and you've got perfect time. You can customize time signatures, subdivisions, and accents to nail precisely what you want, and adjust the LED color and vibration to suit your personal style. It's also designed to keep the entire band on the same beat; up to five Soundbrenners can be connected to a single phone, and even more can be networked together with multiple phones over Wi-Fi. That makes it perfect for bands working together for the first time, practice sessions with large groups, and any other gathering where you need to stay on tempo. The lack of a constant ticking noise can also play to your advantage when silence is your goal. One customer from Sweetwater mentions, "This device allows for use of a metronome in situations where an audible pace would be disruptive, such as when practicing in an apartment with silent instruments during late night and early morning hours. This is an excellent practice tool!" When you're ready for a smarter metronome, and better practice, you can save $20 on the Soundbrenner with the code PULSE20 at checkout, putting it on your wrist for just $79. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
During a chat with Kara Swisher for The New York Times today, Apple CEO Tim Cook sang the praises of the company's upcoming augmented reality glasses. Basically, he suggested that AR is going to turn regular conversations into Powerpoint presentations — complete with "graphs" that'll pop up while you're talking to illustrate the point you're trying to make. "Well, I can’t talk about anything that may or may not be in the pipeline," he said. "But in terms of AR, the promise of AR is that you and I are having a great conversation right now." "Arguably, it could even be better if we were able to augment our discussion with charts or other things to appear," Cook said. "And your audience would also benefit from this, too, I think." Having fun yet? It's not the sexiest vision of the future. Given the immense promise of AR, it's surprising to hear the CEO of the biggest tech company in the world jump to something so banal. Whatever happened to playing Pokemon Go without ever having to glance down at your phone? What about Google Maps directions? Heck, what about sex? To Cook, AR is here to stay and is already showing great promise in fields like health, education, retail and gaming. Cook also agreed when Swisher asked him if he thinks AR is a "critically important part of Apple's future." According to the latest leaks, Apple's mixed reality headsets could represent a significant technological leap forward. The device is rumored to be extremely lightweight, weighing even less than an iPhone 12 while still providing a degree of immersion thanks to cutting-edge optics. But selling such a technology to the masses will likely require more than a promise to insert "charts" into conversations with other people. Augmented reality headsets haven't hit the mainstream yet, with developer-focused devices such as Microsoft's HoloLens 2 costing as much as $3,500. Apple's upcoming headset may feature nearly as hefty a price tag, costing as much as $3,000 if the rumors are to be believed. The company is setting itself up for an uphill battle: the adoption of mixed reality headsets will heavily depend on not only proving to consumers that the tech is mature, but also that it has a reason to exist. READ MORE: Tim Cook says Apple wants to use AR to make conversations better [The Verge] More on the headset: New Details Leak About Apple's Virtual Reality Headset Share This Article 
Starting to get frustrated with your increasingly thinning hair? Join the club. Experts say 42 percent of men between the ages of 18 and 49 experience moderate to extensive hair loss, and about 85 percent will experience visible hair loss by the time they turn 50. And it is not just men who suffer from hair loss, either. An estimated 40 percent of women are likely to experience thinning hair by the time they are 50. Want to do something about it? Then you need to take a look at the Kiierr Laser Cap System for Hair Growth. Though the idea of using lasers to regrow hair may sound a little far-fetched, the tech is legit. Called low light laser therapy, or LLLT for short, it was first discovered in the 1960s by a Hungarian physician named Endre Mester. Since then it has been used in clinical settings to treat hair loss and has been approved as safe with no side effects by the FDA. More importantly, several scientific studies have concluded that LLLT “significantly” improves hair counts in both men and women with androgenetic alopecia, which is the most common form of hair loss. As the name of this treatment suggests, the kinds of lasers used in low light laser therapy do generate heat. That’s why LLLT is sometimes referred to as cold laser therapy. Though there are a few different ideas about how LLLT actually works, the prevailing theory is that light emitted from laser diodes enhances blood circulation in the skin, bringing in more nutrients and stimulating cell metabolism and protein synthesis in hair follicle cells. This important process is called photobiomodulation. And over time it can cause hair follicles to switch from their dormant, or telogen phase, to their active, or anagen phase. In layman’s terms, that means hair growth restarts in places where it had stopped. For years, low light laser therapy was only available in special clinics. But now, thanks to companies like Kiierr, you can easily administer LLLT yourself in the comfort of your own home. The Kiierr Laser Cap is a small helmet that fits inside any standard baseball cap. It has a stretch headband to secure it to your head and will fit anyone up to a 23.5 inch circumference. The Kiierr 148 Pro has 148 laser diodes, while the Kiierr 272 Premium has 272 laser diodes. Both models emit light at a wavelength of 650 nanometers, which is clinically proven to be most effective. The more diodes, the more intense the light, and thus the less time it will take to see results. Using the Kiierr 272 Premium for just 30 minutes every other day has been shown to be 93 percent effective in regrowing or thickening hair. However, you do have to be patient. Most people will see visible hair growth after three-to-four months, with maximum results coming after about six-to-seven months of use. Unfortunately, the Kiierr Laser Cap will not work for all types of baldness. That’s why Kiierr offers a seven-month money back guarantee. If the Kiierr Laser Cap does not produce results within 210 days, simply send it back for a full refund. If you’ve noticed your hair is starting to thin and you want to do something about it, the sooner you act the better. Low light laser therapy has produced noticeably thicker hair for a lot of people. Order your Kiierr Laser Cap today to see how it works for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
SpaceX's Starship prototype SN11 wasn't long for this world. During its fateful launch last week, the massive spacecraft took off inside a cloud of heavy fog at the company's facilities in Boca Chica, Texas, obscuring its ascent to roughly ten kilometers completely. Several minutes into the flight, SpaceX's official video feeds cut out. Shortly after, a massive explosion could be heard on various livestreams of the event, with heavy rocket parts raining down from the skies. SN11 was no more. Now, according to CEO Elon Musk, engineers at SpaceX may have figured out what caused the fourth full-scale prototype to blow up. "Ascent phase, transition to horizontal and control during free fall were good," Musk wrote in a Monday tweet. "A (relatively) small CH4 leak led to fire on engine 2 and fried part of avionics, causing hard start attempting landing burn in CH4 turbopump," he added. In other words, a Raptor engine caught fire because of a methane leak, leading to a "hard start" in the engine's methane turbopump, a component that increases pressure in the rocket's combustion chamber. The event was seemingly triggered while SN11 was trying to reignite its engines to slow its descent. Thanks to the heavy fog on March 30, we weren't able to watch the explosion unfold on camera. But an animation of what the explosion may have looked like by SpaceX enthusiast Erc X could give us an idea. The brief animation shows the prototype bursting into a cloud of shrapnel and smoke well above the surface, as it attempted to right itself following its "belly flop" maneuver during descent. Animation of SN11 Explosion behind the Fog! This was made to showcase Starships orientation and when/where the explosion originated, all with a clear sky!🌤 The debris field is not accurately represented.#SpaceX #Starship @elonmusk @smvllstvrs pic.twitter.com/70U4sCyU3v — Erc X (@ErcXspace) April 1, 2021  But Musk is ready to leave SN11's demise behind. In only a short period of time — we're still not entirely sure when exactly — the space company's next Starship prototype, called SN15, will roll out on the launch pad. "[SN15] has hundreds of design improvements across structures, avionics/software and engine," Musk tweeted shortly after SN11's explosion. "Hopefully, one of those improvements covers this problem. If not, then retrofit will add a few more days." SN15 will also feature plenty of fixes that address the small methane leak causing SN11 to rip itself into pieces. "This is getting fixed 6 ways to Sunday," Musk added in today's tweet. All we can do is wait and see if the fifth time's the charm. If Musk is to be believed, SN15 will be an entirely new beast — but there's no guarantee its launch won't end in yet another explosion. READ MORE: Musk says methane leak doomed latest Starship test flight [Spaceflight Now] More on Starship: SpaceX Makes Progress on “Launch Tower” Meant to Catch Starship Booster Share This Article 
While the days of the hearth being the main source of food, warmth, and light are fading into the past, fire is still useful, even in space. But your typical lighter hasn't changed much since we set aside the flint and steel for butane and a spark. The Dissim inverted lighter — currently just $39.99, 16% off — is changing that and saving your fingers in the process. If you've ever tried to light a candle with a standard lighter, you've probably singed your fingers. This is due to the design; a standard lighter isn't built for you to turn it upside down safely. You're not the only one who has suffered, though, which is why more than 7,000 Kickstarter backers raised over $330,000 to fund the Dissim, an ergonomically designed lighter that puts safety first.  First, it's easy to grip, with a finger hole on the bottom and a wide thumb button that lets you put the flame to the side, away from your hand. The finger hole also makes it easier to click, giving you more leverage to spark up a fire the first time, with a non-slip rubber exterior that helps you keep a grip even in wet conditions. Second, the flame port is carefully angled to make it easy to direct the candle flame where you want it to go. If you've ever seen a lighter flame gutter up the side, or seemingly refuse to go near the kindling or wick, you'll know how handy this is. The Dissim is also built for life. It works on standard butane, making it easy to refill when you run low. And it's made of cast metal, rubber, and plastic, so it's rugged and easy to bring with you. So if you're sick of nursing your fingertips every time you want to create a mood or grill some meat, the Dissim, just $39.99 after 16% off, will make it easy. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Open availability for the COVID-19 vaccine is just around the corner, and an anxious population is already envisioning the events, locales, and hobbies it can finally revisit once things finally return to normal. That's still quite a ways away, however, so an extra incentive to stay safe during the next few weeks is crucial. How about a few deals to make the wait more bearable? Looking to pick up a new skill, game with your friends, or protect your privacy? Or perhaps you're content staying put post-vaccination? In any case, for just $69, 96% off the MSRP, the Digital Daze App & eLearning bundle lets you do all three. Here's what you get. Whether you've been logging on with your gaming group on your PS4 for years, or want to see what the PS5 can offer, PlayStation Plus keeps you gaming. A subscription gives you access to the multiplayer features of your favorite PlayStation games, two free PS4 games every month, exclusive discounts in the PlayStation Store, 100 GB of cloud saves, and exclusive skins and items in your favorite games. StackSkills offers an ever-growing library of classes under its unlimited plan, putting tomorrow's career skills at your fingertips today. Taught by more than 350 award-winning instructors and experts in their field, the Unlimited plan adds more than fifty courses every month and has something for beginners and experts alike. There's even a handy progress tracker to see where you are in your skills journey and course certifications. In addition, you get quarterly Q&A webinars with instructors and premium customer support, so you can keep learning no matter what. Whenever you log on, you're being tracked. Your internet service provider keeps logs of where you go online, how long you spend there, and where you go next, which are often passed on to third parties without your knowledge. KeepSolid, with protection for five devices, makes it simple to block that collection. With a wide range of servers to connect from, allowing you to make use of all the services you subscribe to and protect your privacy wherever you are, KeepSolid makes protecting your digital footprint easy. So, whether you want to play, learn, or keep safe, this bundle has it all. And at $69, 96% off, it'll save you a bundle as well. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The concept of a space elevator, a consistently popular topic in works of science fiction, has been around since at least the late 19th century. The basic idea is to allow us to reach space by using a cable that's tethered to the Earth on one end and to a counterweight, orbiting the Earth, on the other. But rather than having one end cemented in the Earth, scientists are now arguing that a more recently developed iteration of the space elevator design could be built much sooner. The design involves having both ends of the tether float entirely in space, making transportation of payloads from one orbit to the other much easier. And, as George Zhu, professor of mechanical engineering at York University, tells The Academic Times, the concept isn't nearly as far fetched as we might think. "Technical-wise, it's kind of ready," Zhu told the outlet. "It just has small engineering [adjustments], and there's no fundamental difficulty to do that." In his paper, published in the journal Acta Astronautica last month,  Zhu argues that a "partial space elevator" that sends payloads from a lower to a higher Earth orbit is already mechanically feasible today. In short, the idea is to send payloads to the lower reaches of space via rockets, attach them to the lower end of the tether, and have them be zipped up to the further reaches of Earth's orbit via the elevator. Such an elevator could use two, instead of one, cable tethers to keep the elevator stable. That's mainly to stop the Earth's rotational force, the Coriolis effect, moving the cable back and forth, a phenomenon referred to by Zhu as "libration." "Our idea is, when we put two tethers together, one cargo will be moving up and the other cargo will be moving down, so the forces will cancel each other," Zhu told The Academic Times. Since "both ends are floating in space," according to Zhu, "the tension within the tether is limited. Current material can support that tension." As a result of the significant fuel savings involved in only sending a rocket to the lower reaches of space, today's rockets could send up to ten times more payload by weight into space, according to the researcher. There are several downsides to the approach, however. Zhu did admit to The Academic Times that a kilometers-long tether would make it very difficult for existing objects in Earth's orbit to avoid debris. For instance, the International Space Station routinely has to fire its thrusters to avoid oncoming bits of space junk. If it were tied to an extremely long tether, as Zhang suggests, such maneuvers would be near impossible. While such a space elevator doesn't quite solve the issue of having to spend massive amounts of fuel to get off the ground and escape the Earth's powerful gravitational pull, it could still cut the required journey short significantly, saving plenty of fuel in the process — an intriguing possibility. READ MORE: Far from science fiction, space elevators may be nearing deployment [The Academic Times] More on space elevators: These Researchers Want to Run a Cable From the Earth to the Moon Share This Article 
Television has become such a deeply personalized experience, even AIs are watching it to learn how to behave. Yet while the scale has gotten personal, nobody wants to crowd around a tablet to watch the next hot show or the game. The Prima 1080p Pocket Projector puts a big screen in your bag, and at the best price ever. You might mistake the Prima for a smartphone at first since it's about the same size and weight at 5.7 x 3 x 0.7 inches and 6.63 ounces. You can even access the Google Play Store, download apps, and stream without having to fire up another device thanks to its built-in quad-core processor. Yet it packs a lot of power into that small space, supporting screen sizes from 30 inches up to 200 inches in either VGA (640x480) and 1080p resolution. The built-in LED offers 200 lumens of power, making it easy to use both as a presenting tool at work and to bring out a big screen at home. The automatic keystone function offers correction for up to 40 degrees as well, so you can just set it down and let it roll. In fact, one user found a fun, unique way to use it: "I really enjoy watching netflix and youtube on it. Its perfect for watching movies on the ceiling while lying in bed." Better yet, the Prima easily connects with all your gadgets. Simply connect it to your phone, tablet, or laptop with either Bluetooth Wi-Fi, plug into it directly with HDMI and USB ports, or load up your favorite downloads through a microSD card slot. You won't have to hunt for another USB port to charge it either, as it lasts up to three hours on one charge. The Prima is an ideal sidekick for both work and personal time. And right now, on top of 50% off the MSRP, you can save another $200 with the code PRIMA at checkout, making it just $199. If you wish you could bring the big screen with you, it's never been easier, or more wallet-friendly. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Just over a year ago, the COVID-19 really started rearing its ugly head. With cases and deaths on a sharp incline, brands knew better than to partake in the yearly clown convention that is April Fools' Day. April Fools' Day 2020 was cancelled. But this year, things are starting to look a little different. With mass vaccinations well underway, the world is hopefully headed towards a better place — even if it doesn't really feel like it right now. And with that hesitant optimism just starting to emerge following more than a year of lockdowns and loneliness, brands are now coming out of the woodwork to indulge in the age-old tradition once again. Here are some of the jests and gags that caught our attention at Futurism, ranging from poorly executed to a much-needed chuckle. Topping the cake this year is carmaker Volkswagen. The company announced it will be rebranding its North American division to "Voltswagen," a nod to its future commitments to electric cars. The gaff completely backfired after several Volkswagen of America employees lied to reporters about it not being an April Fools' joke. Spoiler alert: it was an April Fool's joke after all. The ill-advised and poorly executed move was met with derision and ridicule. Wow! While travelling on the surface of Mars, the Perseverance rover found the place where all the missing socks from the dryer end up! 🙃#AprilFools pic.twitter.com/rB1A21rTfF — Canadian Space Agency (@csa_asc) April 1, 2021  A fun Photoshop of a pile of socks spotted on the surface of Mars by NASA's Perseverance rover, uploaded by the Canadian Space Agency's Twitter account, was just the kind of light-hearted April Fools' humor we all needed in 2021. European nuclear research group CERN proposed a "space elevator" accelerator, a 500 meter vertical particle accelerator to explore the nature of dark matter. That would make it taller than the Eiffel Tower. "The Standard Model of particle physics has been very successful, but it can’t explain the 95 percent of the universe which is ‘dark,’ and neither Einstein nor any physicist since has been able to cook up a working theory of quantum gravity," reads CERN's website. The online encyclopedia decided to take on April 1 with a nod to 1993 hit comedy "Groundhog Day" on its homepage, and also facetiously listed the film as having been featured for the previous three days — an homage to how every day has felt like Groundhog Day during quarantine. Twitter user Matt Shirley called the joke "actually a little cute and way too real at the same time," in a tweet. In an equally harmless attempt to join the conversation, PC gaming peripherals maker Razer unveiled an ostensible RGB hair dye product called "Rapunzel," a nod to the gaming industry's obsession with colorful RGB components. "Who says your gameplay needs to be the only thing that slays?" the company's website reads. "Click heads and turn them too with Razer Rapunzel Chroma Hair Dye—the world’s first RGB haircare product for a look that’s always lit." Never step on a LEGO brick again! SmartBricks, coming soon... pic.twitter.com/enRuvdGYjP — LEGO (@LEGO_Group) April 1, 2021  Toy bricks maker LEGO came up with a fun concept to stop anybody from ever stepping on some pieces of LEGO ever again, a particularly painful experience. Introducing: SmartBricks. The bricks would be simply swept away by a magical force (or rather CGI) right before a sole of a nearby foot gets close to making contact. Language learning is hard... so we made it soft. It's time to turn your bathroom into a classroom with our latest innovation: Duolingo Roll – toilet paper (yes, toilet paper) that teaches you phrases in new languages! 🧻https://t.co/IwQke0z0gT #DuolingoRoll pic.twitter.com/ilVLtx5Cbl — Duolingo (@duolingo) April 1, 2021  Language-learning app Duologino announced a new type of toilet paper that can teach you a new language while you're on the commode. The three-ply paper promises to teach you new phrases with "no ads" and "no interruptions." PC accessories maker Satechi designed a mouse modeled after Tesla's upcoming and much-hyped Cybertruck. "Cybermouse is built with bulletproof Super-Tough 2077 aluminum made for the toughest desktop warriors," promises the company. It may last you a lifetime, but you'll also have to shell out a hefty $199.99 for one. Industrial autonomous vehicle solutions company Cyngn came up with "something special" this year: "Cyngn Horse." Yep, you guessed it. "Cyngn Horse unifies stereoscopic perception, multi-passenger transportation, and maximum speeds of 55 mph into one elegant, revolutionary autonomous solution," a voiceover says over the company's video. Consumer electronics company Monoprice took the standing desk craze to its logical conclusion with a sit-squat desk. As its name implies, the futuristic desk can go low enough to force you into a squat. "This sit-squat desk frame helps boost productivity by improving comfort and well-being through posture and proper leg day routines," the company promises. "Friends don’t let friends skip leg day and neither will Monoprice." READ MORE: April Fools' Day 2021: Duolingo toilet paper, Velveeta skincare and more pranks [CNET] More on Voltswagen, lol: Volkswagen Says It Lied to Reporters About Name Change Share This Article 
A team of German researchers have found that a highly controversial spacecraft thruster prototype called the EmDrive may not produce any thrust at all, Popular Mechanics reports. Scientists have debated for decades whether the EmDrive thruster is a viable solution to propel a spacecraft without the need for propellant. The idea sounds too good to be true. The EmDrive purportedly works by pumping microwaves into a conical chamber, which then bounce around and collide with the cone's walls, exerting tiny amounts of force, which, when accumulated, provide enough force to propel the spacecraft. Such a thruster would revolutionize deep space travel, bypassing conventional limitations of physics and cutting travel times to other star systems considerably. The problem, of course, is that the EmDrive would defy Newton's Second Law, which states that the acceleration of an object directly relates to the net force applied, and occurs in the same direction as that force. That's why the idea has met plenty of skepticism over the years, with many scientists calling the entire concept into question. In their recent test, the researchers from Dresden University only found "sobering final reports on the results of intensive tests and analyzes of three EmDrive variants," according to a statement. In a series of papers, a team led by Martin Tajmar, physicist and professor at the Dresden University of Technology, found that the EmDrive didn't appear to produce any thrust at all. The possible thrust observed by previous teams of researchers — most notably by NASA's Eagleworks, a lab that built an EmDrive prototype in 2016 — was likely caused by something far more mundane. "We found out that the cause of the ‘thrust’ was a thermal effect," Tajmar said in the statement. He and his team used the configuration built by NASA's Eagleworks laboratories to get to their results. "When power flows into the EmDrive, the engine warms up," he explained. "This also causes the fastening elements on the scale to warp, causing the scale to move to a new zero point. We were able to prevent that in an improved structure." The new results are a damning indictment of previous claims made about the controversial thruster. "Our measurements refute all EmDrive claims by at least three orders of magnitude," Tajmar concluded. It's unclear if the concept of the EmDrive will live on — but at same time, the sobering results shouldn't stop us from trying to find an alternative to fuel intensive spacecraft engines, at least if we ever want the chance of exploring beyond the Earth's immediate celestial locale. READ MORE: Scientists Just Killed the EmDrive [Popular Mechanics] More on the EmDrive: NASA-Funded Scientist Claims New Thruster Could Approach Light Speed Share This Article 
While our devices are getting smarter about translating between languages, even using our voices, learning a language still has profound benefits for your mind, career, and personal growth. It's never been a better time to learn a new language, and a lifetime subscription to top-rated language learning app Babbel is just $199, 60% off the MSRP. First arriving in 2007, Babbel has consistently been one of the top apps in its category, with a 4.7 out of 5 stars in the App Store across 227,000 reviews, as well as a 4.5 out of 5-rating on the Google App store with nearly 600,000 reviews. It's even top-ranked in the Futurism store as well. It has over ten million users, offering 14 different languages. Why is it so popular? Babbel focuses on conversational day-to-day skills, broken out into 10 to 15-minute lessons, that help you build proficiency and get a handle on a language. Designed by expert linguists, Babbel's lessons are built around realistic situations you'll run into, like shopping or asking directions. Each course is geared towards your first tongue and your personal interests, keeping lessons engaging. And it uses human voices, with natural conversation from native speakers in the language you want to learn, to help you pick up on the nuances and style of how a language is spoken. Babbel is also easy to stick with. You regularly review what you've learned to keep your skills at their best and better retain vocabulary. And it's available across devices, so whether you're on your laptop or on the go, you can always fit in a lesson during some downtime at work, on your commute, or between episodes of a binge session. The lifetime subscription grants you access to all 14 languages across an unlimited number of devices. And, for a limited time, it's 60% off, just $199. If you want to study a new language with a friend, you can also purchase a 2-pack of lifetime subscriptions for $358. It's rare that a lifetime subscription is this low, so if you want to sharpen your mind, advance your career, or just have some fun, now's the time to dive into a new language. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Solar geoengineering is a highly controversial concept to combat climate change. The idea is to block some of Sun's energy from reaching the Earth's surface by reflecting it back into space with small particles in the stratosphere. But experts are still not entirely sure about the risks involved, how well it would work — or indeed if it would work at all. And that has scientists worried. A Harvard University-led project called Stratospheric Controlled Perturbation Experiment (SCoPEx) was planning to release weather balloons high up into the sky to release small particles in order to test the theory. But the team decided to suspend all plans to kick off the project later this year, MIT Technology Review reports. An advisory committee at Harvard recommended that the SCoPEx team delay plans for releasing the balloons over Sweden this summer, and the team obliged. The committee advised that the researchers do some preliminary equipment tests and reach out to Sweden's public first. "Whether or not research on geoengineering should be conducted is an important discussion that should continue within the scientific community, as well as with other stakeholders and the general public," reads an official statement by the Swedish Space Corporation. The committee is now working to engage with the Swedish public to gauge their response to the controversial project. "Our research team intends to listen closely to this public engagement process to inform the experiment moving forward," principal investigator Frank Ketusch said in a statement, as quoted by MIT. "It is clear from the feedback that there is a broadly shared commitment to research that can help prevent climate change from worsening," the advisory committee wrote in a statement. "It is also clear that there is a lack of consensus about research related to geoengineering." That means the project likely won't launch until 2022. The researchers are also still open to conducting first flights in other parts of Sweden, according to MIT. The news comes after the US National Academies of Sciences (NAS) released a report last week recommending to expenditures of between $100 and $200 million over five years to research the feasibility of solar geoengineering. "Preliminary modeling work indicates that these approaches do have the potential to reduce some near-term risks of climate change," a summary of the report read. Experts are divided on if we should even study the controversial process. "Given the urgency of the climate crisis, solar geoengineering needs to be studied further,” NAS president Marcia McNutt told The Guardian. "But just as with advances in fields such as artificial intelligence or gene editing, science needs to engage the public to ask not just can we, but should we?" READ MORE: Geoengineering researchers have halted plans for a balloon launch in Sweden [MIT Technology Review] More on solar geoengineering: Top US Scientists Propose Research Into Blocking Sun to Fight Climate Change Share This Article 
Volkswagen of America now admits that it lied to a number of reporters this week about rebranding its North American division to "Voltswagen," a nod to its dedication to electric vehicles. It's a confusing mess of a story, so here's what happened. VW communications teams intentionally leaked a draft about the rebranding earlier this week, as The Wall Street Journal reports. The media quickly picked up on the news and covered it. Journalists were astonished when Volkswagen later confirmed the rebranding, specifically noting that it wasn't in fact an April Fools' joke. Digging its own hole even further, Volkswagen (or "Voltswagen?") of America dropped a press release — which has since been taken down — in which CEO Scott Keogh noted that the "name change signifies a nod to our past as the peoples’ car and our firm belief that our future is in being the peoples’ electric car." Even Wall Street was ready to change up the name for the company. But on Wednesday, the automaker had to make yet another U-turn, telling Reuters and the WSJ that it was in fact an early April Fools' joke. "We didn’t mean to mislead anyone," a VW spokesman told the WSJ. "The whole thing is just a marketing action to get people talking about the ID.4." Talk about mixed messaging. It's not even April 1, and big name brands are already having to dig themselves out of a PR nightmare. Is the carmaker able to turn this around again? Maybe they did actually adopt the moniker "Voltswagen" after all? Happy April Fools' Day, I guess. READ MORE: No, Volkswagen Isn’t Rebranding Itself Voltswagen [The Wall Street Journal] More on the saga: VW's New “Voltswagen” Name Not an April Fool's Joke Share This Article 
Everyone wants the best education possible for their kids. But it's hard to find enriching activities that don't involve setting them in front of yet another screen. And teaching them the fundamentals of STEM seems nearly impossible when you're limiting screen time. And according to data from Engineering For Kids, STEM workers earn 26-percent more than people without a STEM background. So if you want to give your young children a competitive edge without adding more screen time, you need to know about Learn With Mochi, an award-winning screen-free game that teaches coding for kids ages three-to-nine. With Learn With Mochi, kids learn the basics of computer programming in a playful, hands-on way as they explore STEM subjects without the use of addictive screen time. That's because Mochi is your child’s first screenless computer. It takes computer-programming commands, executes functions, and gives audio feedback in a low-pressure, fun way. Every Mochi Aventure Kit includes these basic components: the Mochi Computer (where kids place the coding commands or blocks), coding blocks, Mochi Bear (a stuffed animal), Lego-compatible Rover, and the play mat (the environment that Mochi is exploring). Together these parts allow your child to absorb the fundamentals of coding without exposing them to more screen time than necessary. Mochi has three Adventure Packs to choose from. The starter pack, Mochi Basic 1 Book Adventure Pack, covers everything your child will need to grasp the fundamentals of STEM education. This includes Mochi bear, Lego-compatible Rover, Programming board with 12 coding blocks, and Mochi’s Planets Story set (includes story map). Plus, every Mochi kit comes with a SD card that provides unique songs, music, and even audio of the Mochi books. However, if you're little one needs a more in-depth kit to help further their STEM education, try the Mochi Starter 4 Book Adventure Pack. The 4 Book Adventure Pack has everything the 1 Book Adventure Pack does, but also incorporates Mochi's 4 Story Adventure Sets (Planets, Animals, Earth and Biology). This 4-book instructional pack will guide your children on adventures in a variety of STEM subjects, not only educating them, but also stimulating their natural curiosity. Finally, there's the Mochi 12 Book Story Adventure Set, which includes everything from the basic 1 Book Adventure pack, plus all 12 books in the story adventure set (Planets, Colors, Numbers, Letters, Shapes, Animals, Earth, Time, Fruits & Vegetables, Biology, Good Habits, Words). These books are written to give your children the education necessary for them to thrive in a STEM program. All of this is done in the form of play and without screen time, so your children will develop a love for STEM without any added pressure. Mochi is designed to teach coding for kids so they can become the makers, creators, and shapers of the technologies that run our world. The creators of Learn With Mochi are building the Montessori method for STEM education, and want to make it accessible to any child, of any age. So purchase your child a Mochi Adventure Pack today, and set them up for a successful career in STEM tomorrow. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In a disaster, the difference between desperation and relative comfort often comes down to preparation. But what's the best way to prepare for a worst case scenario like a hurricane or blizzard that can leave you without power or water for days on end? There's certainly nothing wrong with doing all the research yourself, and then stockpiling the various supplies and tools you'll need. But there is an easier way. Thanks to a company called Judy Kits, it's easy and convenient for anyone to acquire a survival kit to keep you safe during those crucial first few days of a crisis. Judy Kits are sturdy and fully equipped disaster survival kits that pack everything you really need in an emergency: safety gear, blankets, first aid, tools, food, and drinking water. And since there are four different Judy Kit options to choose from, it's easy to prepare for your specific situation. Here’s rundown of the four available Judy Kit options: The biggest and best of the Judy Kit line is the Safe. For $250, your home will be equipped with 24 items that just might save your life if and when the worst happens. These items were specially selected to keep a family of four safe, fed, and hydrated for at least 72 hours of sheltering in place. Inside the Safe, you’ll find three AAA batteries, two gloves, four glowsticks, an extensive first aid kit, four shake-activated hand warmers, 16 clean water packs that never expire, four emergency blankets, two bottles of hand sanitizer, four KN-95 dusk masks, ten “mini-meals,” an LED flashlight, and more -- not to mention peace of mind. Next up is the Mover Max, a mobile emergency kit that's engineered for a household that’s more likely to evacuate than stay put during a disaster. The Mover Max’s 24 life-sustaining items are packed inside a water resistant 500D tarpaulin with fully welded seams. It features padded back support, and can stand up to almost any conditions you’re likely to encounter. The best selling Judy Kit is the Starter, which is the most practical emergency kit available for anyone that lives alone. Known as “the world’s smartest emergency kit,” it packs a smartly selected assortment of mini-meals, glowsticks, ponchos, and emergency blankets, along with a first aid kit, a whistle, and a pre-charged phone charger into compact and durable pouch that you can grab at a moment’s notice. The most basic and inexpensive Judy Kit could still make the difference between disaster and survival if the worst comes to pass. The Safety includes a pair of dust masks, a first aid kit, a bottle of hand sanitizer, and a pair of gloves, along with the 24/7 text message alerts and preparedness tips that come with every Judy Kit. So if you’re ready to tart preparing for the worst while you hope for the best, head over to the Judy Kits online store and get yours, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In times like these, looking after your money is essential. According to a recent survey, around half of us are worried about job security and 84% of people are scaling back on spending.  One of the best ways to make your paycheck stretch further is by reducing your fixed monthly bills. To achieve this, you usually need to change your provider. When it comes to insurance, many of us consider switching. But the thought of having to buy a new policy keeps us clinging to our existing policy. As a result, drivers collectively overpay for car insurance by $37 billion each year. That is a lot of money to throw away. One reason big insurance brands have to charge a premium is because they love paperwork. In comparison to such dinosaurs, Clearcover looks like a shining glimpse of the future.  This all-digital insurance company allows you to buy car insurance in minutes and manage your coverage, all online. Because the process is streamlined, you end up paying less for better coverage. Over the past few years, many industries have been refreshed with new technology.  One topical example is finance. Most banks now have user-friendly apps that allow you to manage your money on the go. Meanwhile, trading apps such as Robinhood allow small-time investors to buy and sell shares with just a tap. Insurance is just starting to see the same transformation. It began with Lemonade, a digital insurance provider that focuses on home coverage. Clearcover is bringing the same modern approach to car insurance. To get started with Clearcover, you simply visit the website and enter a few key details. The site leverages existing data and AI technology to build a profile instantly, meaning you don’t need to fill out endless forms. In seconds, Clearcover provides a basic quote. You can then customize your coverage to suit your needs using simple checkboxes. As you adjust the coverage, the prices change automatically.  It feels more like ordering from an online furniture store than buying insurance, with 65% of customers completing the process without a single call to customer service. Of course, knowing exactly what coverage you are buying is important. For this reason, the website provides clear explanations at each stage. For thousands of people, the end result is a significant saving for relatively little effort. One customer, Jessica M., wrote on Trustpilot: “Switched to Clearcover after paying almost $200 with Progressive, even after all the discounts with being accident-free for eight years. Now I’m paying a little over $100 for the same exact coverage.” Once you become a customer, you can also use the mobile app to submit claims from the roadside. Once again, the process is surprisingly simple: you just input some basic info and snap a few photos. Clearcover now offers the fastest claims experience in car insurance. Payments on eligible claims can be issued in minutes, not days and their current record is issuing payment within 13 minutes.  Jorge Robles, another Clearcover customer, experienced the process for himself after being involved in an accident.  “When the accident happened, the first thing I thought was, 'Can they be reliable?' The Clearcover mobile app was easy to use to submit my claim." He also has annual savings of $1,340 compared to his previous insurer. If you would like to save on your car insurance and get better coverage, head over to Clearcover today to check your price. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Earlier this year, a billionaire named Jared Isaacman announced that he was picking three lucky winners to go to on a free multi-day journey into orbit on board a SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule. Isaacman, who is helping finance the expedition — and will be joining in on the fun himself — announced at the time that he's looking to raise money for childhood cancer research through a raffle. Bone cancer survivor Haley Arceneaux, a 29-year-old physician's assistant, was picked in February. Today, The New York Times reports, Isaacman picked the two other lucky winners to join him on the once in a lifetime journey. Sian Proctor, a 51-year-old community college professor from Tempe, Arizona, and Christopher Sembroski, a 41-year-old Lockheed Martin data engineer from Everett, Washington, will join Isaacman and Arecenaux. "The stars really aligned for us in terms of this group," Isaacman said. The plan is to ride the Crew Dragon capsule to an altitude of 335 miles, roughly 80 miles higher than the International Space Station, with launch tentatively scheduled for mid-September. Proctor decided to pass when asked if she wanted to apply to become an astronaut with NASA after being selected as a finalist in 2009 — but not getting one of the coveted nine spots with the agency that year. "I said, 'No,' because I just feel like that door has closed," she told the Times. "But I was really hopeful that in my lifetime, maybe commercial space would be available for me. I never in a million years would have imagined it would come just like that and so quickly." The team of four will now go through health evaluations and then will have to ride a giant centrifuge at the Kennedy Space Center to experience the strong G forces they'll feel during launch and re-entry. Sembroski spent time as a counselor at Space Camp, a program for children, to get a taste of what it's like to be an astronaut. He's struggling with being in the spotlight and described himself more as "that guy behind the scenes, that’s really helping other people accomplish their goals and to take center stage," according to NYT. "Everybody’s doing that for me this time," he said. "And that is a completely different and unique experience." READ MORE: A Billionaire Names His Team to Ride SpaceX, No Pros Allowed [The New York Times] More on the mission: Bone Cancer Survivor Will Get Free Trip to Space This Year Share This Article 
There’s nothing more annoying than your phone dying at an inopportune time. However, when you’re at work, or running errands, or working out at the gym, a dead phone battery is really just an inconvenience. And at least you have a few options to deal with it. You might be able to find an outlet and charge it for a few minutes, or maybe you can charge while you drive from the grocery store to the dry cleaners. But when you’re backpacking, camping, biking, or boating, a dead phone battery isn’t a mere inconvenience. In those situations, you need your phone in case of an emergency, or for navigational purposes, or even just to take photos of the scenery. So how do you keep your phone charged without an electrical outlet? The answer is the brilliantly designed SolarFlex 10 solar charger. Of course, the SolarFlex 10 is not the only mobile charging option out there. It’s just the smartest option. Rechargeable power banks work well, but they’re fairly heavy, and for a longer trip you’ll have to pack a few of them. There are also other solar phone charging options out there. However, those can be pretty heavy as well, since a lot of companies seem to think we need unnecessary accoutrements like flashlights, radio receivers, and so on. But the SolarFlex 10 solar charger is different. What sets the SolarFlex 10 solar charger apart from other solar phone chargers is its unparalleled simplicity. It’s foldable design doesn’t just make it ideal for packing it up and taking it on the go. It also enables the SolarFlex 10 to get maximum sun exposure in the smallest possible form factor. This solar charger measures just 7x10.5 inches and weighs 0.65 pounds. When folded in half, you can throw it in a backpack or beach bag and totally forget it’s even there. Despite the SolarFlex 10’s incredible size and portability, it still packs a powerful punch. In full sunlight this thing generates 10 watts and 2 amps. That’s enough power to charge a phone or any other USB powered device—tablet, GPS, e-reader—in about 3 hours, or roughly the same amount of time it takes to charge a device using a standard wall outlet. Naturally, the efficiency of the SolarFlex 10 drops off a bit when you are not getting direct sunlight. However, it will generate power so long as you can see a shadow. In fact, the SolarFlex 10 is specifically designed to work in all weather conditions. It’s even water resistant, which means you can keep using it in light rain or snow. And with four built-in eyelets on the four corners of its frame, it’s easy to hang the SolarFlex 10 on tents, backpacks, bikes, clotheslines, cars, or any other you like. It even comes with two small carabiner clips. If you’re looking for a lightweight, powerful, and affordable mobile charging solution that can handle just about everything you throw at it, you simply will not find a better option than the SolarFlex 10. Order yours today before the spring rush hits and they’re sold out for the season. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Another day, another Starship prototype explosion. In November, SpaceX's SN8 met its early damage after smashing into the ground, followed by SN9 in February. SN10 came closest to touching down successfully earlier this month, appearing to make a soft landing before blowing to bits mere minutes later. Less than a month later, SpaceX rolled out its SN11 prototype onto the launchpad. This morning's launch, however, was arguably more of a setback, with the towering structure lighting up the heavy fog around it in an apparent mid-descent blast — and then raining down on the ground in the form of large debris. The third time wasn't quite the charm, in other words, and the fourth wasn't, either. It's been a spectacular sight every time, watching four 165-foot stainless steel structures perform a well-rehearsed "belly flop" maneuver ten kilometers in the sky above the company's Boca Chica, Texas, test facilities. But the violent "rapid unscheduled disassemblies," which is SpaceX CEO Elon Musk's preferred euphemism for the blasts, should give anybody pause. This is, after all, the vehicle that SpaceX wants to use to carry the first astronauts to the Moon by 2024, potentially the first time humans have walked the lunar surface since the Apollo missions nearly half a century ago. Musk, though, doesn't seem dismayed by the repeated explosions. To the billionaire, SN11 is already yesterday's news. "SN15 rolls to launch pad in a few days," Musk announced in a tweet following Tuesday's explosion. "It has hundreds of design improvements across structures, avionics/software and engine." "Hopefully, one of those improvements covers this problem," he wrote, referring to one of SN11's three engines having "issues on ascent & didn’t reach operating chamber pressure during landing burn" this morning. "If not, then retrofit will add a few more days," he added. Following SN15 will be SN20, which will have major tech revisions, according to Musk. "Those ships will be orbit-capable with heat shield and stage separation system. Ascent success probability is high." But reentering Earth's atmosphere is no easy feat, with any spacecraft having to endure extremely high forces and temperatures. "However, SN20+ vehicles will probably need many flight attempts to survive Mach 25 entry heating & land intact." SpaceX is also hard at work developing the gigantic rocket booster called Super Heavy, designed to carry Starship into orbit. According to Musk, the first full-scale prototype of Super Heavy, called BN1, will be a "manufacturing pathfinder, so will be scrapped. We learned a lot, but have already changed design to BN2." Musk has some great ambitions when it comes to BN2. "Goal is to get BN2 with engines on orbital pad before end of April," he wrote. "It might even be orbit-capable if we are lucky."  More on SN11: Starship Prototype Launches in Heavy Fog, Blows Up Dramatically Share This Article 
SpaceX launched its latest full-scale Starship prototype to a height of ten kilometers this morning — but we couldn't see very much this time around. This time, we only heard the explosion that rocked the launch site. The sky lit up in orange hues, suggesting at what we could've seen if it wasn't for the heavy fog blanketing the the space company's Boca Chica, Texas, launch site. It's another worrying chapter in SpaceX's ongoing attempts to develop a spacecraft designed to establish a permanent human presence on Mars within the next 20 years. The massive prototype, dubbed SN11, rocketed into the sky climbing out of some extremely heavy fog around 8 am local time. Live feed of Starship SN11 flight test → https://t.co/Hs5C53qBxb https://t.co/Dl0iss2aPZ — SpaceX (@SpaceX) March 30, 2021  Onlookers were puzzled by the launch, considering the less than favorable weather conditions. Once it got some altitude, thanks to the side mounted cameras, we got some dramatic footage of the early morning light hitting the cloud cover and the rocket's plume below. The first Raptor engine shut off around two and a half minutes into launch, just as planned — but then cameras started dropping out, blacking out SpaceX's live stream. Beautiful morning-lit footage showed the prototype adjusting its aerodynamic wings to position itself into a belly flop position to slow its descent. But it wasn't meant to be. SN11 appeared to have hit the ground hard, with SpaceX calling it "another exciting flight of Starship 11." The official stream froze and stayed frozen for the remainder of the flight. Microphones from NASASpaceflight's unofficial livestream recorded the sound of giant pieces of debris hitting the ground nearby. Several smaller explosions could be heard in the background. "Something hit the camera," one of NASASpaceflight's commentators said, suggesting that the solar panels they set up likely didn't survive the rain of debris. "Something physically impacted the tripod. The entire camera got dunked, basically." "Starship is not coming back," SpaceX's commentator and aerospace engineer John Insprucker said on the official stream, telling viewers not to except footage to pop back in. Final view of SN11 in the air: ➡️https://t.co/Q2p3q1HS0i pic.twitter.com/PNJta9svkA — Chris B - NSF (@NASASpaceflight) March 30, 2021  The dramatic failure of SN11 represents the latest in a series of large scale explosions, so forceful the Federal Aviation Administration has started investigating safety measures surrounding the launches. In fact, today's launch had to be delayed by a day because "FAA inspector unable to reach Starbase in time for launch" on Monday, according to SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. "Given the crazy high cadence of SpaceX Starship launches, you'd think the FAA would have an inspector down there permanently at this point," Washington Post reporter Christian Davenport wrote in a tweet. Musk agreed. "That would be great, or possibly via video with full access to telemetry." More on Starship: Elon Musk Says He’ll Be Landing Starships on Mars “Well Before 2030”  Share This Article 
Every day, millions of people rely on stimulants like Adderall to help them maintain attention and stay focused on tasks. Unfortunately, while these stimulants work well, they often come with a lot of side effects. Moreover, when you use them for a prolonged period of time, you start to build up a tolerance. And unless you can find a way to reduce that tolerance, you’ll be forced to up your dosage in order to maintain their effectivness. But here’s the good news. There actually is a very simple way to reduce tolerance to stimulants like Adderall. A pair of nutritional supplements found in the Recoop Wellness Set are specifically designed to counteract the negative side effects of stimulants, including Adderall, and help reduce tolerance. Prescription stimulants like Adderall often come with unwanted side effects. These can include things like anxiety, irritability, insomnia, poor impulse control, loss of appetite, dry mouth, upset stomach, nausea, vomiting, dizziness, headache, diarrhea, and fever. However, another huge problem that often gets overlooked is tolerance. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, tolerance to a drug is the biological process in which the body gets used to the presence of the drug over time and stops responding to it in the same way. In the case of a stimulant like Adderall, what this means is that the longer you take it, the less effective it becomes. So how does someone who legitimately needs prescription stimulants combat tolerance? Some people just steadily increase their dosage. But of course, there’s only so so much you safely can take, so this is not a permanent solution. That’s why some people try to “detox” in the hope that they can start fresh at a lower dose, while other people try switching to a different stimulant. However, if you are generally happy with the way your prescription works for you, none of these are ideal solutions. What you really want is to figure out a way to maintain the status quo. For a long time, there simply was no real way to do that. However, that’s not the case any more thanks to Recoop. The Recoop Wellness Set consists of two nutritional supplements called Recoop Balance and Recoop Recovery. Both were originally designed to counteract the side effects of central stimulants and restore balance to your brain with research-backed ingredients. Recoop Balance is formulated to be taken before stimulants and improve impulse control, combat irritability, lift mood, reduce anxiety, and boost productivity. Recoop Recovery is formulated to help you wind down at night and fall into a deep and highly restorative sleep. The ingredients in Recoop were chosen for their unique abilities to detoxify, relieve stress, enhance cognition, improve focus, promote neurogenesis, regulate sleep rhythms, and boost mood, among other things. However, over time, what a lot of Recoop customers discovered was that these supplements are also extremely helpful in reducing their tolerance to drugs like Adderall. Many reported that Recoop helped them maintain their current dosages. Some even reported that they were able to reduce the amount they were taking. So how does the Recoop Wellness Set help prevent your body from building up a tolerance to stimulants like Adderall? The short answer is that Recoop helps replenish nutrients that get lost when you take stimulants, helping the body restore and heal itself, thus reducing the long-term negative effects of stimulants and the build up of tolerance. And of particular importance on this front are ingredients like magnesium and curcumin. Magnesium is a mineral that plays an essential role in the biochemical reactions performed by enzymes. These include converting food into energy, creating and repairing DNA, and regulating neurotransmitters. There are also studies that suggest magnesium deficiencies can cause attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, as well as addiction. By providing your body with extra magnesium, you are making sure your brain has the maximum support it needs to reduce Adderall dependency and tolerance. Curcumin has been used in India for medicinal purposes for thousands of years. Found in the spice tumeric, it contains natural polyphenol compounds called curcuminoids that have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and neuroprotective properties. Recent evidence also suggests that curcumin can increase cognitive performance and enhance neurogenesis. Perhaps most importantly, some studies have shown that curcumin can reduce opioid tolerance by inhibiting Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein. Since Ca2+ can also play a role in the functioning of amphetamines, it’s possible curcumin also plays a role in reducing tolerance to Adderall. If you rely on prescription stimulants like Adderall to stay focused and get things done, but you’re worried that you’re starting to build up too much of a tolerance, you need to try Recoop. When taken regularly over the course of several months, this groundbreaking nutritional supplement has been shown to help users avoid increasing their dosages. And of course, it also helps prevent a number of other negative side effects, both short and long-term. So click here to learn more, and to order the Recoop Wellness Set, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Our need for data centers is almost bottomless, and their resource demands are equally huge. For example, keeping these racks of servers from melting in the heat of their own processing requires so much cooling, Microsoft tried submerging them in the ocean. That said, learning the electrical engineering behind them is a great way to start a new career, or learn how to build a better server farm on the IT side. In either case, the Fundamentals of Power & Electrical Engineering Bundle can show you how it's done, Taught by expert electrical engineers John Peterson and Ahmed Mahdy, the bundle breaks down the different pieces of electrical engineering in data centers across eight courses with 32 hours of content. To start with, there are three essentials courses on data centers as an overall topic, the cooling and mechanical systems they need, and the power and electrical systems that keep them running. From there, you'll learn how to simulate power systems and power electronics using MATLAB. Building systems in a virtual environment is the best way to ensure the system stays up and running, as it helps you anticipate future risks and problems. It's also an introduction to some unique approaches to the mathematics-focused coding language. Once you're ready to get your hands dirty, you'll learn about key components, such as inverters, rectifiers, and choppers. Inverters convert direct current, DC to alternating current, AC, which is crucial for taking the raw power flowing through the mains and running devices off of it. Rectifiers turn AC into DC, making them the key to power control. And choppers can "step down" or "step up" power sources, making it easier to control what ultimately arrives at the server. Knowing how data centers tick is key even if you'll never go near a wire. And the Fundamentals of Power & Electrical Engineering Bundle makes it easy to understand. It's currently on sale for just $39.99; that's less than $5 per course. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
You might think that strumming a guitar without an actual instrument would be like playing soccer without a ball. And back in the day, you may have been right. But now that technology has caught up to the world of music, you can hit those riffs and chords without a guitar string in sight and conjure up some pretty sweet tunes, all thanks to this fabulous innovation. Say hello to the PocketGuitar. It’s small enough to fit into, you got it, your pocket, but features a sound large enough to fill a room. Bluetooth-enabled and aptly shaped like a pick, all you need to do is hook it up to your smartphone through the AeroBand app, and thanks to the patented AI technology you’ll soon be channeling your favorite rock star, or classical guitarist, or folk legend … the choice is yours! Not only does the app comes with a complete and fully editable library of chords, but it allows you to edit the grooves, arpeggiate the chords, and adjust the variations, to give you just the sound you want. The concept is simple. One hand masters the app, the other “strums” the PocketGuitar, much like you would a real guitar. If you’re a total beginner, you can learn the basics by playing some of the interactive games or learn to jam along to the included playlist. If you’re a seasoned player, you can bring your skills to the next level, transferring them to the “real world” of guitar playing, or even combining the two. The result? Smooth, realistic sound with little latency, and a whole lot of fun (not to mention how you will generally benefit from playing an instrument). As EasyGuitarSong puts it, "Aeroband company’s vision is that everyone can play music here. The diversity and inclusiveness of players allow to build a strong emotional connection with Pocketguitar." As an added bonus, the PocketGuitar can also be used as a foot sensor when connected to your PocketDrums. So instrument, schminstrument … who needs one when you have this little wonder? Better than an air guitar, certainly much lighter than the real thing, and your perfect accompaniment wherever and whenever the mood for music strikes. Get PocketGuitar today for the reduced price of $34.95 Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Getting quality sleep can be challenging under normal circumstances, but it’s especially hard when you’re going through times of increased stress. The good news is that there are a lot of tools out there that use the latest advancements in sleep science to help you overcome your sleep troubles. And one of the most innovative tools is the Restly Sleep App, which uses a variety of strategies to help you fall asleep in just two minutes. And right now, you can get a lifetime subscription to Restly for 60 percent off the regular price. Few things are more important for your mental and physical well-being than sleep. Poor sleep is scientifically proven to diminish critical thinking, judgment, and problem solving skills, leaving us more irritable and unable to manage conflict. Poor sleep is also scientifically linked to an increased risk for a number of chronic health conditions, including heart attacks, coronary heart disease, stroke, asthma, COPD, cancer, arthritis, depression, kidney disease, and diabetes. Unfortunately, despite the dire short and long term consequences associated with poor sleep, over 35 percent of U.S. adults say they are not getting enough sleep on a regular basis. According to American Sleep Association, 50-to-70 million Americans suffer from sleep disorders. The most common sleep disorder is insomnia. About 30 percent of U.S. adults say they suffer from occasional insomnia, while 10-percent say they suffer from chronic insomnia. As you probably know from personal experience, one of the leading causes of insomnia is stress. And according to the American Psychological Association, stress levels in 2020 were significantly higher than in years past as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. People were worried about everything from their kids’ education and missing out on family milestones, to the government lockdowns, loss of work, and the overall state of the economy. As a result of all this, more people than ever are struggling to get good, restorative sleep. But the good news is that right now you have an excellent opportunity to do something about it thanks to the awesome deal Stack Social is running on the Restly Sleep App. The Restly Sleep App uses guided meditations combined with calming music and white noise to help you fall asleep in as little as two minutes. Their science-based method helps you focus, relax, and unwind, preparing your mind for a deep restorative sleep that lets you wake up feeling fresh, energized, and ready to start your day. Restly features 100+ guided meditations and talk-downs to choose from featuring both male and female voices. There are also 100+ white noises and nature sounds and 20+ soundscapes. And it’s all customizable, so you can mix and match voices and sounds until you find the perfect combination for you. Restly doesn’t just play back pre-recorded medications, though. It’s also really smart. This app tracks your sleep cycles and analyzes the data to figure out the ideal time for you to go to bed at night and wake up in the morning. It also keeps track of changes to your sleep patterns over time so you can track your progress. And the app turns the music, noises, and meditations off automatically, so you don’t have to worry about them playing all night. Normally a subscription to the Restly Sleep App is pretty pricey. However, right now new users can get a lifetime subscription through Stack Social for less than $40. So if you’re sick and tired of tossing and turning at night, and you’re looking for a way to de-stress and unwind, you need to take advantage of this amazing deal. There’s no telling when or if it will come along again. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Some people spend a lot of time and money trying to fight the aging process and hold on to their youth. However, they’re always going to be fighting a losing battle. Aging is inevitable. That’s why, instead of trying to defeat the aging process, we should try instead to understand it so we can age better. Luckily, the team of world-renowned scientists at Elysium Health understand this. And they’ve used breakthroughs in the science of aging to create a revolutionary supplement called Basis that is specifically designed to support a healthy cellular aging process. Elysium Health is not like other health and wellness companies. Founded by Dr. Leonard Guarente, director of the Glenn Center for Biology of Aging Research at MIT, Elysium Health has a scientific advisory board that includes eight Nobel Laureates. Their mission is to use the latest scientific advancements in the field of cellular aging to create products that can actually improve people’s lives in tangible ways. Over the last quarter century, scientists have made major discoveries when it comes to understanding how we age on the cellular level. The most significant of these is the crucial role played by a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+. “NAD+ is the closest we’ve gotten to a fountain of youth,” according to David Sinclair, co-director of the Paul F. Glenn Center for the Biology of Aging at Harvard Medical School. “It’s one of the most important molecules for life to exist, and without it, you’re dead in 30 seconds.” So what is NAD+? It’s a coenzyme found in all living cells, and it performs two basic jobs in the human body without which life would not be possible. First, NDA+ plays a key role in metabolism by helping to turn nutrients into energy. Second, it functions as a kind of helper molecule for proteins called sirtuins. Also known as the “guardians of the genome,” sirtuins are basically the CEOs of your cells. They protect your DNA and thus regulate the cellular aging process. However, sirtuins require NAD+ to work. Unfortunately, scientists have discovered that natural levels of NAD+ decline as we get older, which is the primary cause of cellular aging. However, scientists have also discovered that NAD+ levels can be increased through supplementation of nicotinamide riboside, a highly efficient precursor to NAD+, and pterostilbene, a powerful polyphenol created by plants. That’s where Elysium Basis comes in. To address the problem of declining NAD+ levels, Elysium’s Dream Team of scientists and researchers developed Basis, a patent-pending formulation of crystalline nicotinamide riboside, which the human body converts into NAD+, and pterostilbene. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, Basis was shown to increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent safely and sustainably. These elevated NAD+ levels help support cellular energy and metabolism, maintain healthy DNA, activate sirtuins, and support healthy cellular aging, which for you could mean better sleep and more energy, among other things. Basis is designed for long-term use by adults of all ages. Each bottle of Basis contains 60 caplets. Each caplet is vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, nut-free, and contains no artificial colors or flavors. They contain 250mg of crystalline nicotinamide riboside and 50mg of pterostilbene, which have no known side effects. Elysium recommends taking two capsules in the morning, with or without food. Thus, each bottle of Basis contains a 30-day supply. You may be getting older, but that doesn’t mean you have to feel old. Elysium Basis can help reduce the effects of cellular aging by providing the NAD+ your cells need to maintain healthy DNA, promote cellular energy and metabolism, and support healthy aging on a cellular level. Try it today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Ever since the pandemic struck, millions of office workers now find themselves working from home. While this can be flexible and efficient, common household noise is a huge distraction. Whether it comes from your blender, washing machine, dogs, kids, or other factors, these noises can significantly impact your online meetings and phone calls, making them almost unworkable, and making you look very unprofessional in the process. However, technology has managed to find a solution: a reliable, compact, and attractive noise cancelling app called Krisp. Honored as one of TIME’s 100 best inventions of 2020 and Forbes’ most promising artificial intelligence companies of 2020, Krisp is essentially an AI-powered app that removes background noise and echoes from calls and other online audio communication, leaving only a human voice. However, Krisp doesn’t remove noise only from your side of the call, but rather from both ends, even if you're the only one using the app. And it works in conjunction with over 800 communication apps, including Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Slack, and Discord, just to name a few. As all of these apps have strong privacy policies, and so does Krisp. The app was developed with machine learning, and involved over 20,000 different noises, 50,000 different speakers, and over 25,000 hours of audio. You can check the efficiency of Krisp for yourself by clicking here, as they have uploaded several examples. Aside from eliminating unwanted noise, the app also provides the best possible voice quality, and works on a low power mode, thus relieving your PC or phone of heavy CPU usage. And the audio processed through Krisp happens locally on your device, not in the cloud. Krisp guarantees that your audio is not going anywhere. Krisp is available both for individual and group use, and is free for 120 minutes per week. If you need more time, there are several options avaiable. Starting at just $5 a year, Krisp’s premium plans are available for individuals, teams, and call centers. The plans include HD voice, acoustic and room echo cancellation, low power CPU mode, and 24/7 support. Krisp is currently used by companies such as GitHub, Fuze, ServiceTitan, and Amplitude. If you’re considering Krisp for teams, you can have a 30-day free trial. No credit card is required for the trial, with no credit card required. Krisp is also a great tool for call centers, where chatter by agents can significantly impact the quality of calls. However, this is not a problem with Krisp, thanks to its bi-directional noise removal, which removes noise for both your agents and potential customers. So don't wait. Click here to get started with the Krisp noise cancelling app, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Like it or not, face masks are here to stay for at least the foreseeable future. Companies are making face masks more stylish, but it's not so much about style as it is about safety. With the vaccine rollout slowly making the world a bit safer and more open for entertaining and travel, it's important that you don't let your guard down. Whether you're feeling more comfortable about going out to eat or you're finally ready to make that cross-country trip to see your parents, SureWay Health's Patriot Mask will help ensure you're doing so safely, while supporting American business. The Patriot Mask is an N95 respirator that is 100% manufactured and distributed in the United States. At the start of the pandemic, LED lighting manufacturer ALG wanted to contribute to the effort, so it converted its manufacturing lines to start making personal protective gear (PPE). SureWay Health, meanwhile, pivoted from distributing consumer electronics to sending millions of masks, gloves, gowns, and other PPE all over the country. Now, the two companies have joined forces to manufacture and distribute the Patriot Mask. The mask is manufactured in Ohio and distributed nationwide from Michigan, making it an indelible symbol of American pluck in the face of a crisis, all while creating high-paying jobs across the midwest. The Patriot Mask has been approved to exceed CDC and NIOSH inhalation and exhalation resistance testing requirements, helping to protect wearers from airborne bacteria. The mask performs at 99% Bacterial Filtration Efficiency (BFE) and 99.7% Particle Filter Efficiency according to studies by ICS Laboratories and SGS IBR Laboratories, making it a stalwart defense while traveling, eating out, or shopping. The Patriot Mask is also designed for comfort. The cup-shaped mask is available in both small and regular sizes and has ultra-elastic nylon headbands that form a secure seal on any face. Plus, an adjustable galvanized iron-nose clip wraps gently around your nose to form a more custom and secure fit while the inner spandex foam sponge bar adds to your comfort. Every Patriot Mask box comes with 25 masks to keep you and your family geared up for a sustainable amount of time. If you're looking to stay safe while supporting American businesses, look no further than the Patriot Mask. Learn how you can support the initiative here. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The plight of the massive cargo ship haplessly trapped in the Suez Canal has captured the hearts and minds of the entire world.  However, one person has been suspiciously quiet about the whole situation: Elon Musk. After all, this was the same guy who created an entire submarine to free the Thai children trapped in a cave in 2018. Which begs the question: Why hasn’t the Technoking of Tesla proposed any galaxy-brain solutions to help the ship from the Suez Canal? Well, there’s a good chance that he just hasn’t come up with any good ideas. That’s why we emerged from the bong cloud to offer up a few of our own: This one’s an obvious move for the SpaceX founder and CEO: Attach a few of the Falcon Heavy boosters to the ship and fire them off into space.  Of course, the ship weighs roughly 200,000 metric tons — which is a little more than the booster’s max payload of 140,700 lbs.  According to our back of the napkin math, that just means that Musk needs to attach 3,134 Falcon Heavy boosters to the ship for it to work. He should probably get started now if he wants this done anytime this decade.  Musk founded the Boring Company to provide infrustrastruce and tunneling services. That means he already has the equipment he needs to simply dig a new route around the cargo ship. Plus — let's be honest — it’s not like he’s using them on actually creating the Hyperloop or anything.  Musk recently tweeted out this image touting his "new crane": Check out our new crane pic.twitter.com/PE4vL6uKcb — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 27, 2021  Obviously, it’s a joke. But we propose he actually follows through and create a robot with a crane erection so big it could move the shipping container.  He’ll even be able to use it later to help construct the boosters for SpaceX. Double win!  Perhaps no figure has more people online defending his every action than Elon Musk.  Just look at any replies to tweets critical of the Tesla CEO.  When you write any article about Elon Musk. pic.twitter.com/HbcBZEKY6a — Tony Ho Tran (@TonyHoWasHere) March 27, 2021  Well, he can put his legion to good use by sending them to the Suez Canal to push the ship out of the canal. They probably could use the time away from the Internet anyway.  For each day that the ship blocks the Suez Canal, it’s estimated that there’s a $10 billion loss to trade.  Elon Musk has a net worth of $157 billion. That means he can bankroll all the companies losing money on the blocked trade route for up to 15 days!  Surely, the ship should be freed before then. In the meantime, Musk can help offset the lost profits by throwing a few billion dollars in the collection plate.  Share This Article 
The moon is many things to us. It's an object of poetry, a celestial body, a potential storage unit for all human knowledge. Yet before it was that, it was a source of light, a tradition these moon lamps continue. Pictured above, the lamp that started it all is crafted from NASA's moon imagery. It can easily toggle between white and golden light from its LEDs, with a dimmer to set the mood. It's wireless and rechargeable as well, with a variety of sizes, from 6 inches to 9.5 inches, making it easy to fit into any room. Normally $54, it's $48.99, 9% off. Get The Original Moon Lamp for $48.99 (reg. $54), a savings of 9%. If you love someone who loves astronomy, tell them with a moon lamp. It's just just like the original, except with a loving message imprinted on it. Get the "Love You To The Moon And Back" Original Moon Lamp for $39 (reg. $45), a savings of 13%. Most people don't realize it, but the Moon comes in a wide range of colors thanks to how its light refracts through the atmosphere. This Moon Lamp makes recreating those colors as simple as using an app. Get The Original 16 Color Moon Lamp™ for $48 (reg. $55), a savings of 12%. This unique globe reproduces the Earth's actual surface using 3D printing and the latest NASA imagery. It's perfect for learning about geography, or as a unique piece for globe collectors. Put the world in your hands for just $44. Get The Original Earth Lamp™ for $44 (reg. $50), a savings of 12%. If you want to leave Earth's orbit, head to the largest planet in our solar system with the Jupiter Lamp. It has all the features of the Moon Lamp, including being designed with the latest imagery of the gas giant. Get The Original Jupiter Lamp™ for $44 (reg. $50), a savings of 12%. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
UK credit broker Money.co.uk went through the effort of outlining how much it would cost to get a mortgage for a house on the Moon. "Ever wondered what it would be like to live amongst the stars and embrace a lunar lifestyle?" finance writer Salman Haqqi asked in a recent blog post on the topic. "Well, we’re about to skyrocket the property market quite literally into space!" But the site's back-of-the-envelope estimations may have sent expectations skyrocketing as well. Haqqi argues that "you could expect to buy the first house on the Moon" for just over $60 million — arguably an absolute steal considering the astronomical costs involved. That's a $6 million down payment, with monthly repayments as high as $325,000 paid over 25 years. This week, Fox Business picked up the story, taking the guesstimations at face value and calling it a "study," a term that usually implies at least some degree of academic rigor or peer review. Let's be clear: $60 million won't buy you a house on the Moon, even if you somehow talk SpaceX into giving you an incredibly good deal to get building materials into orbit. Money.co.uk took "various factors" into consideration, including "the raw materials needed to build a house, the special materials needed to build on the Moon’s atmosphere, astronauts required to travel to build, and the average cost of transporting materials to the Moon." Haqqi also argued that "some materials such as the workforce, building tools and power generators would only have to be transported once, which is why subsequent houses built after the first would be at a lower price." For an estimated price per acre, Money.co.uk looked to lunarregistry.com, a website claiming to report how much land is worth on the Moon. The only problem is that you can't actually buy land on the Moon without breaking internationally agreed upon agreements, thanks to the Outer Space Treaty of 1967, as Forbes points out. "Outer space, including the moon and other celestial bodies, is not subject to national appropriation by claim of sovereignty, by means of use or occupation, or by any other means," one of the treaty's articles reads. But it's a little more complicated than that. The 1979 Moon Treaty further established the Outer Space Treaty's legal framework, closing several loopholes that may have allowed for private entities to claim ownership, as Universe Today reported back in 2016. The treaty failed, however, despite expressly forbidding private or national ownership over land on the Moon, because it hasn't been ratified by several world powers, including the US, Russia, China, and Europe, all of which have vested interests in establishing footholds on the Moon. So even if you could purchase several acres of lunar land, you would have to pay considerable amounts of money, likely far beyond the $60 million quoted by Money.co.uk. For one, as the broker admits, you'll need to make considerable investments in basic infrastructure. Haqqi claims that hooking up enough solar panels to power your home would cost you a "modest" $23,4500. That seems like a stretch, considering lunar solar panels differ greatly from the ones found back here on Earth as they have to stand up to immense amounts of radiation and the occasional meteorite shower. You'll also have to chose the location of your home wisely if you decide to go solar. A lunar day lasts about 28 Earth days, meaning that for two weeks at a time, your new home will be plunged into darkness, with temperatures dropping down to minus 280 F (-173 C). Haqqi also admits that there may be "additional living costs that you will need to think about once your property is secured" when it comes to securing food. And then there's water. Without access to considerable amounts of water, any real estate on the Moon is rendered meaningless. You'll either have to mine it from ice deposits or bring it all the way from Earth — both extremely costly endeavors. Beyond all that — if there even was a legal land buying market for the Moon and copious local resources — what would it cost to ship a house to the Moon from Earth? Considering the average Earth-based single-level home weighs about 200 pounds per square foot, a tight but cozy 400 square foot establishment would weigh 80,000 pounds — and that's without the heavy nuclear reactor that Money.co.uk suggested. SpaceX's rideshare program, which allows private entities to send payloads into orbit on board its Falcon 9 rockets, charges "as low as" $1 million per 200 kilograms or 440 pounds. That means that just to hoist of all those building materials into Earth's orbit, it'd cost you up to $181 million. And that's without even getting into the cost of shipping them all the way out to the Moon and landing on its surface, a flabbergastingly complex endeavor that cost NASA $355 million in 1969 — that'd be $2.5 billion in today's dollars — for just a tiny lander. While construction materials would obviously differ greatly on the surface of the Moon — for instance, lumber wouldn't make any sense as compared to lightweight machined aluminum or 3D printed concrete mixed out of lunar soil — the equipment needed to keep you alive and stop you from either boiling or freezing to death would add a considerable amount of weight regardless. And that's without getting into the cost of sending a carpenter up — and back — to build the thing, nevermind getting there yourself. NASA currently pays SpaceX $55 million per seat just to get astronauts to the International Space Station, which is only a tiny fraction as complicated as sending a person to the Moon. It's a fun thought experiment. Working within the constraints of a fun and engaging blog post for a mortgage broker, Haqqi painted a bright future for the possibility of owning a second home far away from home. "Not only is [the Sea of Rains] a 30-minute jet jump to the peaceful Sea of Serenity, where you can potentially enjoy a relaxing weekend away, but it's also only a short excursion away from Crater Plato where the kids can spend hours of fun playing and discovering amongst the moon mud," he wrote.. So, while we're not sure the numbers add up, the premise is relatable. Who wouldn't want a relaxing lunar weekend away in such a location, no matter the cost? READ MORE: First house on the moon could be yours for $60M: study [Fox Business] More on the Moon: Scientists Are Aiming to Send 6.7 Million Sperm Samples to the Moon Share This Article 
We're adding to the store of human knowledge at a ferocious pace — in some disciplines, it's happening so quickly that what's cutting edge for a freshman is obsolete by the time they're a junior. That means no matter where you are in life, good study skills need to be a part of your repertoire. The Become a Super-Learner & Speed Reading Bundle, which is currently $29.99, 97% off, can make a better student out of you, even if you haven't gone to class in a while. It's easy to assume that we all have the same memory and learn the same way, yet the evidence increasingly shows that we have different learning styles and that different memorization and retention methods yield different results. The seven courses in this bundle, with 15 hours of content, focus on sharpening memory and retention through a broad range of approaches and styles so you can find the one that's right for you. These courses are provided by professional entrepreneurs, speakers, and coaches who specialize in digital courses. One such instructor is Jonathan Levi, an author and lifehacker who has earned himself a 4.5 out of 5-star instructor rating by teaching over 200,000 students on Udemy. Knowing your tools is key, so first, you'll explore how memory functions with an eye to putting it to work. From there you'll learn how to choose the right study strategies, learning tactics, and focus management techniques to study better, not harder. This includes brain-training techniques to improve memory, concentration, and information processing, as well as speed-reading techniques and how to improve the retention of what you read. You'll discover neuroscience-based memory approaches and mnemonics used by memorizing champions, plus training styles to retain and absorb information, from the lines of presentation to your passwords. Finally, these courses cover the tricks of the trade to keep technical information handy for when you most need it. Whether you want to get more out of the classes you're taking, or if you simply want to remember more than the highlights from the books you enjoy, the Become a Super-Learner & Speed Reading Bundle can teach you how. And at $29.99, 97% off, it can do it for much less. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In a new report, the US National Academies of Sciences (NAS) is recommending a budget of between $100 and $200 million over five years to study the feasibility of dimming the Sun, thereby making a dent in the fight against climate change, The Guardian reports. The technique, called solar geoengineering, involves either blocking sunlight by releasing tiny reflective particles — a "solar shield," high up in the stratosphere to block sunlight, making clouds and oceans more reflective with those same particles — or thinning high altitude cirrus clouds. It's a similar principle to volcanic eruptions, which send up particles high in the atmosphere, often causing the surrounding climate to cool. "Preliminary modeling work indicates that these approaches do have the potential to reduce some near-term risks of climate change," a summary of the report reads. It's a highly controversial idea that has its supporters, but also plenty of critics. That's why NAS decided to take a careful approach. "Given the urgency of the climate crisis, solar geoengineering needs to be studied further," Marcia McNutt, NAS president, told The Guardian. "But just as with advances in fields such as artificial intelligence or gene editing, science needs to engage the public to ask not just can we, but should we?" In its report, the academy suggests that we should look into the feasibility of solar geoengineering to understand it better. The goal is not to fund actual solar geoengineering efforts, but to come to a place where we understand the consequences of such interventions. "The report’s focus on research and research governance is important for one simple reason: the current discussion is — and should be — all about research into solar geoengineering, certainly not about deploying the technology, where, if anything, a firm moratorium would be appropriate," Gernot Wagner, a professor from New York University, told The Guardian. Despite plenty of criticism, a group led by Harvard University is experimentally releasing several hundred grams of mineral dust from a balloon high above Sweden some time this year, the first project of its kind. "We really need to do the research because I’m really worried where we’re going with climate change, as action is just not fast enough," project lead Frank Keutsch told New Scientist. The Harvard project, called SCoPEx, has faced significant opposition from Swedish environmental groups, who argue that the risks outweigh any possible benefits. They also worry that the ozone layer could end up being damaged and result in disrupted ecosystems. It's an existential question to an existential dilemma: should every stone be upturned in the search of a solution to climate change, even if we don't fully understand the effects of our interventions? The NAS, at least, believes it's worth investigating further. READ MORE: 'Dimming the sun': $100m geoengineering research programme proposed [The Guardian] More on solar geoengineering: Scientists Have a Plan to Stop Climate Change — Dim the Sun Share This Article 
Max Hodak, the entrepreneur who co-founded neurotech company Neuralink alongside Elon Musk, has an idea for an entirely new religion — and it involves tripping on natural substances to feel the presence of God. "Increasingly believe there is an opportunity for a new religion," Hodak tweeted in reply to productivity startup Forte Labs founder Tiago Forte. Forte had said that "after a decade as an atheist I think I’ll try religion again," and was looking for recommendations for a religion that respects science, cares about the underprivileged, and is also not "evangelistic or politically active." Forte's quest set up an interesting idea by Hodak. What if there was a religion that "embraces the weirdness of math and physics" and is facilitated by "entheogens," an umbrella term for psychoactive substances ingested for religious or spiritual purposes including ayahuasca and LSD? Needless to say, it's a rather unusual idea coming from a man who co-founded a company with the express intent to physically access your brain via a "brain-machine interface." To Hodak, such a religion would offer "practical moral guidance" and also create a sense of community, something that people already "get through church." Other Twitter users willing to take up the biomedical engineer on the idea pointed out that it might already exist, in the form of the Burning Man festival, which has existing cachet in the startup crowd. "The Man Burn should definitely be a high holiday in such a religion," he responded in a follow up tweet, referring to the act of a massive "Temple" being constructed over the eight days of the popular art festival and burned to the ground on the final night. Besides, plenty of "Burners" already have a tendency to embrace "weirdness" by ingesting "entheogens." It's not the first time Hodak has entertained some mind-bending concepts. Just last week, he suggested that video games are about to become a lot more real. "We’re gonna need a better term than ‘video game’ once we start programming for more of the sensorium," he tweeted. It can be difficult to reconcile technological progress with more traditional forms of spirituality — but that doesn't mean it's impossible. Would a microchip implanted in the brain perhaps facilitate a religion based on a decentralized, science forward way of thinking, as Hodak suggests? That would be speculation, but the idea is intriguing. But one thing is for sure. Silicon Valley executives aren't afraid to entertain provocative ideas in the open, no matter how far fetched. More on Hodak: Neuralink Co-Founder: "We're Gonna Need a Better Term Than 'Video Game'" Share This Article 
If you’re feeling overly stressed out and anxious, join the club. For the vast majority of us, the last year has been extraordinarily challenging. And that’s putting it mildly. The good news is that advancements in science and technology are constantly being put to use solving everyday problems, so there are a ton of different tools available to help us deal with our frayed nerves, from weighted blankets and meditation apps to CBD and prescription pharmaceuticals. Of course, some of these tools may be just what you need. Others not so much. However, if you’re looking for easy, science-backed, drug-free stress relief that requires virtually no effort on your part, you should check out the Apollo Neuro. The Apollo Neuro is a wearable device that looks a lot like a smart watch. However, instead of counting your steps or tracking your runs, this device uses gentle vibrations to help your body improve its resilience to stress so that you can focus, recover, and get to sleep easier. That probably sounds a little too good to be true. However, the science behind the Apollo Neuro is really cool. So let’s dive in. To understand how the Apollo Neuro helps relieve stress, we need to talk about the autonomic nervous system. It’s the part of the human nervous system responsible for regulating the body’s unconscious actions, and there are three distinct divisions. The enteric nervous system governs the gastrointestinal functions. The sympathetic nervous system stimulates the body’s “fight or flight” response. And the parasympathetic nervous system stimulates the body’s “rest and digest” response. The responsibilities of the sympathetic nervous system and parasympathetic nervous system are complimentary. The sympathetic nervous system causes a state of alert or agitation through the release of a hormone called norepinephrine. The parasympathetic nervous system calms the body down and returns it to a state of homeostasis through the release of a neurotransmitter called acetylcholine. When humans experience chronic stress, the sympathetic nervous system’s fight or flight response is overactivitated. This makes it physiologically harder to think, focus, or relax, because the body and mind think they should be evading some threat, not sleeping or working. However, if you can figure out a way to trigger a response from the parasympathetic nervous system, your body will naturally return to a state of calm. This stress relief is precisely what the Apollo Neuro device was designed to provide. The Apollo Neuro is the result of five more years of research and testing in both the lab and the real world. It’s a small wearable device about the size of a standard watch that can be worn by adults or children on either the wrist or ankle. The Apollo Neuro’s novel touch therapy is fully customizable. Using the Apollo mobile app, you can choose from seven different modes designed to promote specific states of mind, and you can set the duration and the intensity of the experience. It is recommended that you wear the device for a minimum of two hours every day and experiment with the different modes to find what best suits you. However, you can also wear the device for longer periods of time. This tech was born from the research of University of Pittsburgh scientists David Rabin MD, PhD, and Greg Siegle PhD, who discovered that certain combinations of inaudible low frequency sound waves can trigger a “rest and digest” response from the parasympathetic nervous system through our sense of touch. There are a number of ongoing studies concerning the benefits of the Apollo Neuro. However, this amazing device has already been shown in clinical settings to improve HRV, or heart rate variability. HRV is the measurement of the rate of change of our heartbeat over time. A high HRV is a good thing because it indicates that the body is resilient and recovers well from stress. High HRV is linked to improved focus, calm, sleep, blood pressure, and even athletic performance. The Apollo Neuro takes a radically unique approach to stress relief that is backed by some of the most advanced research in the fields of neuroscience and psychology. But if you’re worried Apollo Neuro won’t work for you, the good news is that it comes with a 30-day satisfaction guarantee. Try it for a month, and if you aren’t happy with the results, just return it. If you’re looking for a hassle-free way to help your body fight stress, click here now to learn more about the revolutionary Apollo wearable anti-stress device. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Biometrics, using your unique physical features as identification tools, are already unlocking phones, and soon, a handprint could be all you need to pay for your order at a store. And yet, we'll still need the identification, cards, and more we keep in our wallets. Keeping that information secure has never been more important. The Cashew Wallet uses your fingerprint and Bluetooth to keep the important data in your life safe, and right now, it does it for just $99.99, 32% off MSRP. Wallets have some inherent security disadvantages. Namely, if you drop yours, or have it stolen, there's no way to prevent thieves from opening it up and riffling through the contents, using what they find inside. The Cashew Wallet is built to prevent those problems, whether you're forgetful or dealing with a thief. It comes with a fingerprint reader, meaning only you and trusted people have access to your wallet. The reader can store up to twenty fingerprints, allowing family and friends to open it in an emergency. Plus, its electronic latch sends you an alert if it's broken or otherwise compromised. The constant Bluetooth connection ensures you remember your wallet by alerting you when you go too far from it. There's also a function to ring your wallet if you misplace it, so you'll never have to root under the couch cushions again. Finally, the Cashew Wallet app offers crowdsourced GPS, alerting fellow owners about a lost wallet, so they can keep an eye out. All of this is paired with a rugged water-resistant and shockproof case that's still light enough to fit in any pocket, holding seven cards and 20 bills, and a battery that lasts up to nine months on a single charge. AllTheWallets.com gave the Cashew Wallet a glowing review, stating "The Cashew Smart wallet is one of the most innovative wallets on the market. With a clean, attractive design and the unique feature of being one of the only wallets with a lock, I find it hard not to recommend it if this feature is something you really desire." If you want to keep more of an eye on your wallet, the Cashew Wallet makes it simple, and at $99.99, 32% off, it'll leave you with plenty of cash to put in it. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
IBM's Project Debater, a powerful AI algorithm designed to challenge the most skilled human minds at speech and debate, is stronger than ever. The autonomous debating system, as it's described in a research paper published in the journal Nature last week, can stitch together coherent and convincing arguments from the content of millions of news articles. The tech is getting more and more sophisticated, according to ScienceAlert, and that has us dreading how much of a nightmare social media — or any online comments section — might become if Project Debater were ever actually unleashed on the public. Project Debater has come a long way since its public demo back in 2019. However, it still can't stitch together arguments capable of besting skilled human debaters, University of Dundee researcher Chris Reed, who isn't part of the Project Debater team, wrote in a commentary also published in Nature last week. But to be fair, neither can most other humans — and we can't help but imagine the horrible black hole of endless back-and-forths that people would get sucked into online should an algorithm like Project Debater ever make its way to the public. Online trolls aren't exactly masters of the craft either, and just think about how much time gets wasted on them. And the bottom line is that even if it's not Project Debater that picks endless fights online, it will probably be something. "More than 50 laboratories worldwide are working on the problem, including teams at all the large software corporations," Reed wrote in his commentary. To prepare ourselves, we should all perhaps start thinking about how to choose our battles. Before you get sucked into another online argument, keep in mind it might just be some bot on the other end that will endlessly engage in the fight until you just walk away — or waste hours screaming into the digital void. READ MORE: This New AI Exists For The Sole Purpose of Arguing With Humans [ScienceAlert] More on Project Debater: A Human Debater Just Roasted IBM’s “Intelligent Debate” AI Onstage Share This Article 
An invisible force is tearing apart the closest star cluster to the Solar System — and astronomers are trying to figure out what it is, as Science Alert reports. The ripping apart isn't much of a surprise in and of itself. Gravitational forces tend to rend apart star clusters to form tidal streams, which are essentially rivers of stars. But something else, far more violent, appears to be causing the stars in the Hyades cluster, some 153 light years away, to be obliterated and scattered. The European Space Agency's Gaia space observatory has been helping scientists create a detailed three dimensional map of the Milky Way. Now, a team of astronomers from the European Space Agency and the European Southern Observatory have combed through recently released Gaia data. What they found was hundreds of stars associated with Hyades' tidal tails, which are even smaller threads of stars that emanate from both behind and in front of a given cluster. Hyades' tails alone were found to span thousands of light-years. What made them even more unusual, however, was the fact that many of the stars weren't accounted for when the team used computer simulations to map the stars' movements during their lifetime of hundreds of millions of years. In other words, something absolutely huge must have interacted with them to cause them to form these trails. "There must have been a close interaction with this really massive clump, and the Hyades just got smashed," said Tereza Jerabkova, ESA research fellow and lead author of a paper about the research published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics. In the paper, Jerabkova and her colleagues suggest that this "massive clump" may be a "dark matter sub-halo," meaning naturally occurring clumps of dark matter that scientists believe may be shaping the galaxy. "With Gaia, the way we see the Milky Way has completely changed," Jerabokova said. "And with these discoveries, we will be able to map the Milky Way’s sub-structures much better than ever before." READ MORE: Something Invisible Is Tearing Apart The Nearest Star Cluster to Earth [Science Alert] More on Gaia: Astronomers Discover Hannibal Lecter Stars That Wear Planet Corpses Share This Article 
Cryptocurrencies are not a fad. We may not know exactly where they’re going, but we know they are definitely not going away. In fact, 2021 is already shaping up to be another big year for crypto. In February, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange began selling Ethereum futures. Sometime in the next few months, Coinbase is going public with an estimated IPO somewhere between $30 and $100 billion. And Paypal has announced that they’ll allow crypto trading on their insanely popular Venmo app sometime in the first half of 2021. But what does all this mean for you? It means cryptocurrencies aren’t just for speculative investors anymore. Now, even the most cautious investors who trying to build their nest eggs are putting a portion of their assets into digital currencies. And if you don’t want to miss out, you need to open a Bitcoin IRA account now. For those who are new to investing and retirement planning, an individual retirement account, or IRA for short, is a special kind of retirement savings account that gives you major tax breaks. There are different types of IRAs, and the specific rules governing each depend on your employment status and income level. But the basic idea is they help you grow wealth faster so you are ready for the future. And with IRAs, you are not limited to cash deposits. You can also put other types of financial products like stocks, bonds, and mutual funds into your IRA. Now, thanks to companies like Bitcoin IRA, you can even fund your IRA with cryptocurrencies. And it’s so easy, you hardly need to know anything about crypto to get started. A Bitcoin IRA account lets you earmark cryptocurrency holdings as retirement savings, thus realizing the same tax breaks on any potential growth that you would get on traditional investments. These crypto IRAs follow a lot of the same rules as regular IRAs. That means there are early withdrawal fees if you want to cash out before you turn 59½. It also means that only “earned income” is eligible for deposit into a crypto IRA, so you cannot transfer your existing crypto holdings into your Bitcoin IRA account. However, unlike traditional IRAs, which typically cap contributions at about $6,000 per year, with a Bitcoin IRA account there is no yearly investment cap. And just because you can’t transfer any existing crypto holdings, that doesn’t mean you have to start entirely from scratch. With a Bitcoin IRA account, you can transfer any existing retirement savings accounts into your crypto IRA without any penalties or fees. Retirement planning can be very complicated, and if you’re thinking about setting up a crypto IRA you probably have a lot of questions. The good news is that, if you invest with Bitcoin IRA, you’ll have all the help you need. Bitcoin IRA is a full-service company that will walk you through every step of the process. Once you complete the Bitcoin IRA account application, they will help you fund your account. Whether that means transferring funds from an existing retirement savings account, or your regular old checking account, they’ll make the request for you and complete the transaction. Then they’ll help you perform your first trade. Bitcoin IRA currently offers Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Ripple (XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Stellar Lumens (XLM), Zcash (ZEC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum Classic (ETC), and Digital Gold (DG). And you can invest in one coin or a combination of multiple coins. Once you’re all set up, you can perform your own trades through Bitcoin IRA’s easy-to-use online platform. All of your digital assets are then stored in your BitGo Wallet. And with 256 bit SSL encryption, offline cold storage, and up to $100 million in insurance, BitGo might be the most secure digital currency wallet on the planet. Cryptocurrencies have already made people a lot of money, and they may very well continue to do so. If you don’t want to miss out, you need to act now. By investing with a Bitcoin IRA, you’re giving yourself the chance to hit it big on the next crypto boom without having to pay half of it back in taxes. If that sounds like a win-win to you, then click here to get started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Making money on crypto used to involve a lot of patience and a lot of luck. You’d have to choose a currency you thought was ripe for increased valuation, decide how much to buy, and then wait and pray that it all worked out. In short, it was more like gambling than investing. But luckily, that’s not the case anymore. Now, thanks to an innovative crypto platform called BlockFi, there’s a better way to invest in crypto. Cryptocurrencies have come a long way over the past decade. When Bitcoin took the world by storm, most financial experts thought it was just a fad. But it didn’t go away. Then other cryptocurrencies like Litecoin and Ehtereum came along, and crypto just kept getting bigger and bigger. Today, crypto is widely accepted as a legitimate financial asset. In fact, some financial experts think younger investors should allocate anywhere from 1 to 5 percent of their portfolios to crypto. The only question is, what’s the smartest way to do that? The answer is BlockFi. BlockFi is an online crypto investing and management platform created to make investing in crypto easier and more productive. They offer a suite of wealth management products designed to serve as a bridge between the worlds of traditional finance and crypto. However, their marquee product is the BlockFi Interest Account. The BlockFi Interest Account (BIA) is the world’s first compound interest cryptocurrency savings account. For those who may not be familiar, compound interest is when the interest earned over a specified period is added to the principle balance. That means you get to earn interest on interest, which helps you grow your money exponentially. While compound interest has been available in traditional finance for centuries, it hasn’t been available for crypto investors until now. The BlockFi Interest Account lets you earn compound interest on any cryptocurrency you keep in your account. So instead of just sitting there collecting virtual dust while you wait for the right time to sell, your cryptocurrency actually makes you more cryptocurrency. And the current interest rates are pretty impressive. Right now you can earn: The interest rates for Gemeni Dollars and USCD Dollars is especially important. Unlike other cryptocurrencies, Gemeni Dollars and USDC Dollars are “stablecoins” that are permanently pegged to the US dollar. Thus, if you allocate your funds wisely, those high interest rates on Gemni and USCD give you a built-in way to mitigate some of the risk that comes with trading in other cryptocurrencies. Whether you’re a crypto veteran or you’re just now starting to think about making crypto part of your investment strategy, you simply will not find a smarter way to buy and save than BlockFi. And right now you can earn a bonus of up to $250 in Bitcoin when you sign up and make your first deposit. So don’t sit around and miss out. Click here to create your BlockFi Interest Account, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Fogged-up lenses are a small price to pay to help protect others. Yet, it can bring its own risks, e.g., if you have to forgo sunglasses that prevent being blinded by reflected light on the road or have to squint through your lenses to get anything done when you're out and about. However, you don't have to see the world through a haze. FogBlock can help keep lenses clear, and currently, it's $12.99, 13% off the MSRP. Lenses fog up when you wear a mask thanks to simple physics. During your normal day, you exhale anywhere from 40 to 90 grams of water an hour in the form of vapor. If that warm vapor comes in contact with a surface cool enough, it will condense onto that surface. Even the best-fitting masks will direct a small amount of your breath up rather than out, running some of that moist air across your cool glasses. Hence, fog. FogShield uses a non-toxic proprietary solution to prevent that condensation. All you need to do is spray your lenses a few times and let them dry for five minutes — no wiping or other application needed. Then, wear your lenses as normal, and you won't have to deal with fog for up to 24 hours. It's also designed for convenience, coming in a small spray bottle that you can take anywhere with you, including on airplanes. Drop it in a bag, keep it in your pocket, or put it in a drawer; it'll always be handy. Verified customer, Frances C. says, "This product has solved the problem of my glasses fogging up when wearing a mask. No matter how tightly I pressed the nose wire, they would still fog up & it was worse when also wearing a face shield. I tried the dish soap trick & that helped some, but not as well as FogBlock." Even when the pandemic ends, we'll likely keep wearing masks if we've got a cold or the flu, to protect others. FogBlock makes providing that courtesy a little easier, and at $12.99, 13% off, it makes it cost-effective, as well. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In 2019, a team of astronomers released the first image ever taken of a black hole. It was hailed as a major breakthrough by the scientific community. Now, the same team is revealing an entirely new view of the same object: a massive black hole at the center of Messier 87 (M87), a supergiant galaxy 53 million light years from Earth. The new image, released by the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT) collaboration — an international team of scientists with over 300 members using a global network of telescopes to make unprecedented observations — shows the black hole in polarized light. In other words, it's the black hole's signature of magnetic fields. By combining data from the network's eight telescopes around the world, the team was able to zoom in so far that you'd be able to measure the length of a credit card on the surface of the Moon, according to a statement. "We are now seeing the next crucial piece of evidence to understand how magnetic fields behave around black holes, and how activity in this very compact region of space can drive powerful jets that extend far beyond the galaxy," said Monika Mościbrodzka, coordinator of the EHT Polarimetry Working Group and assistant professor at Radboud University in the Netherlands, in the statement. "This work is a major milestone: the polarization of light carries information that allows us to better understand the physics behind the image we saw in April 2019, which was not possible before," added Iván Martí-Vidal, another coordinator of the group and researcher at the Universitat de València, Spain. Just like the lenses of polarized sunglasses, light becomes polarized when it passes through certain filters, and can allow us to reduce glare and reflections from bright objects. By viewing the black hole in polarized light, the team was able to make out far more details and map its magnetic field lines. The new image could significantly further our understanding of black holes, particularly when it comes to the energetic jets spewing from its core, behavior that's still a mystery to astronomers. Any matter that doesn't get gobbled up by the black hole itself gets captured and blown out into deep space, forming jets of energized particles. Those jets extend a whopping 5,000 light-years from the center of M87's core, making it a galactic puzzle for astronomers. "The observations suggest that the magnetic fields at the black hole’s edge are strong enough to push back on the hot gas and help it resist gravity’s pull," said Jason Dexter, assistant professor at the University of Colorado Boulder, and coordinator of the EHT working group. "Only the gas that slips through the field can spiral inwards to the event horizon." READ MORE: Event Horizon Telescope captures new view of black hole in polarized light [Ars Technica] More on black holes: Astronomers Find Five Dozen Baby Black Holes in Distant Psychotic Chaos Galaxy Share This Article 
Cameron Winklevoss, the crypto investor and advocate you probably know best as "one of the two guys Armie Hammer played in that Facebook movie," believes that NFTs are going to change art forever. "NFTs liberate art," Winklevoss tweeted on Sunday. "Traditional art is confined to time and space. You have to be in the right city, go to a museum, be invited to someone's home, etc. Anyone, anywhere with an Internet connection can view NFTs and take them in. This is a huge breakthrough." To back up a bit, non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are the latest crypto fad, in which people use the blockchain to claim digital ownership over, well, whatever they feel like. It began with digital art and really made headlines when a piece by the artist "Beeple" sold for $69 million. If you're asking yourself "Well, what's the point of all that?" then you're doing just fine. Let's be extremely clear. You can still look at, download, and even print and frame any NFT artwork you want for free — the actual "ownership" that people are buying is essentially just for a URL, and it depends on every involved party continuing to host the image online. It's silly to claim that ownership of a JPG that anyone else can copy and paste is the future of art. But here we are, at notorious rich guy Cameron Winklevoss's assertion that NFTs will somehow "liberate art." This line of thinking is as nonsensical as it is exhausting. If the idea is to liberate art from museum halls and private galleries through digitization, well, Google Images is right there, Cameron! But that's clearly not the issue here — the issue is that you don't get to invest and make money when you look up a famous work of art and save it as your wallpaper. And frankly, if NFT advocates would just admit that that's what this is about, the whole exercise would be so much less excruciating for everyone involved. More on NFTs: An NFT Painting Just Sold For $69 Million Share This Article 
When a Canadian astronomer spotted what appeared to be an object hurtling through the solar system, accelerated by an unknown force back in 2018, the astronomy community didn't know what to make of it. It didn't have a tail like a comet, seemed to be flat like a pancake or cigar-like in shape, and also appeared to be pushed away from the Sun by an unknown force. Since then, many scientists have made educated guesses as to what the object, which has since come known to be as 'Oumuamua, actually was and where it came from. One of the more exotic explanations, offered by Harvard astronomer Avi Loeb, suggested that the object may have been an alien probe sent to us from an extraterrestrial civilization, as detailed in his recently published book "Extraterrestrial: The First Signs of Intelligent Life Beyond Earth." A new explanation, however, brought forward by Arizona State University astrophysicists Steven Desch and Alan Jackson, suggests something entirely different: that 'Oumuamua was likely a piece of a Pluto-like planet found in another solar system — and not alien technology. Their research, as detailed in two papers published yesterday in the Journal of Geophysical Research: Planets, concluded that 'Oumuamua's characteristics meant it wasn't a comet and that its lower-than-expected speed suggested it was traveling for less than a billion years. "In many ways 'Oumuamua resembled a comet, but it was peculiar enough in several ways that mystery surrounded its nature, and speculation ran rampant about what it was," Desch said in a statement. The pair of astrophysicists got to work, hypothesizing that 'Oumuamua was composed of several different ices and that these ices would turn from solid into gas as it passed by the Sun. After crunching the numbers, they found that this sublimation could account for the "rocket effect," or strange push away from our star. Previous studies have also suggested that 'Oumuamua may have been a hydrogen-fueled iceberg, accelerated by solar radiation — a hypothesis refuted by Loeb in a subsequent study. But Desch and Jackson focused their efforts on a different ice. Solid nitrogen in particular ended up being a perfect match, they say, accounting for 'Oumuamua's comet-like behavior. "That was an exciting moment for us," Desch said. "We realized that a chunk of ice would be much more reflective than people were assuming, which meant it could be smaller. The same rocket effect would then give 'Oumuamua a bigger push, bigger than comets usually experience." "We knew we had hit on the right idea when we completed the calculation for what albedo (how reflective the body is) would make the motion of 'Oumuamua match the observations," said co-author Jackson, research scientist at ASU. "That value came out as being the same as we observe on the surface of Pluto or Triton, bodies covered in nitrogen ice." The team suggests chunks of solid nitrogen ice could have been dislodged from a Pluto-like planet and sent hurtling into our solar system. "It was likely knocked off the surface by an impact about half a billion years ago and thrown out of its parent system," Jackson said. The hypothesis could also explain 'Oumuamua's pancake-like shape. "Being made of frozen nitrogen also explains the unusual shape of 'Oumuamua," Jackson added. "As the outer layers of nitrogen ice evaporated, the shape of the body would have become progressively more flattened, just like a bar of soap does as the outer layers get rubbed off through use," he explained. Desch also commented on Loeb's prominent alien hypothesis. "Everybody is interested in aliens, and it was inevitable that this first object outside the solar system would make people think of aliens," Desch said. "But it's important in science not to jump to conclusions," he added. "It took two or three years to figure out a natural explanation — a chunk of nitrogen ice — that matches everything we know about 'Oumuamua. That's not that long in science, and far too soon to say we had exhausted all natural explanations." The astrophysicist went as far as to say that "we've probably resolved the mystery of what 'Oumuamua is," identifying it as an "exo-Pluto" chunk. But just as we can't rule out an artificial origin story for 'Oumumua, Desch and Jackson's hypothesis will have to remain just that as well: a hypothesis. READ MORE: Scientists determine the origin of extra-solar object 'Oumuamua [Arizona State University] More on 'Oumuamua: Avi Loeb and the Great Unknown Share This Article 
NASA has chosen the location where it will attempt a historic first: the first time a manmade object will try to take flight off the surface of another planet. As early as April, NASA's Ingenuity Mars helicopter will attempt to fly to roughly ten feet, according to acting NASA administrator Steve Jurczyk, who spoke during a Tuesday media briefing. The agency has officially chosen the "airfield" and "flight zone" for Ingenuity. The team at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory chose the area just north of the Perseverance rover's landing site. A bird's eye view shows an elongated zone delineating the area where the tiny four pound helicopter will attempt to fly. "We began to realize that we might just have a really great airfield right in front of our noses," Hovard Grip, Ingenuity chief pilot at JPL, said during the briefing. Images taken by the Perseverance rover's navigational images later confirmed that the surrounding area is pretty much a perfect fit. "We really scoured this area, we looked at every little rock and pebble within that airfield and measured it before we finally were comfortable saying 'Yes! This is going to be our home base for the helicopter,'" Grip said, calling it the "first airfield on another planet" and that the plan is to "deploy the helicopter right in the middle of that." The area was chosen due to the fact that it's flat and that there are a very few obstacles to potentially get in its way. The larger "flight zone" was chosen for its various "textures," according to Grip, referring to varying geographical features the aircraft can use to locate itself. The aircraft analyzes a 30 frames a second camera feed to inform its flight. It combines that with other sensors to make minute adjustments up to 500 times a second to keep itself safe, particularly from winds and gusts, according to Grip. Grip called the first powered flight the most important one, pointing out that the team will call the Ingenuity project a mission success if the first flight goes according to plan — and everyone will certainly celebrate that a milestone along with them. More on the helicopter: NASA May Have Picked a Place to Fly the Mars Helicopter Share This Article 
Elon Musk really can't wait to get to Mars — and he thinks his space company will be landing there sooner rather than later. In a new tweet, Musk promised that "SpaceX will be landing Starships on Mars well before 2030." According to the billionaire, however, the real challenge will be to make "Mars Base Alpha self-sustaining." In context, Musk may have been trying to distract from a more substantive question. His tweet was in reply to a Twitter thread about European leaders starting to sweat under the pressure of SpaceX undercutting the price it costs to launch satellites, as Ars Technica's Eric Berger argued in a Monday piece. Europe could end up having a hard time staying competitive when it comes to launching satellites, especially with regards to the European Space Agency's Ariane 6 booster and smaller Vega-C, both set to make their debut in 2022. "They are aiming too low," Musk replied to Ars' tweet of the piece. "Only rockets that are fully and rapidly reusable will be competitive. Everything else will seem like a cloth biplane in the age of jets." More troubling, however, is that a new ESA initiative is aiming to have its competitive launch system, successor of the Ariane 6 and Vega-C, ready for 2030 and onward — eons from now in SpaceX terms, especially considering the company wants to land on Mars well before then. SpaceX is racing ahead in its efforts to establish Starship as a reliable cargo and eventual passenger spacecraft. While the company has yet to land its first full-scale prototype — and have it stay in one piece after touchdown — Musk is hoping to have the vehicle go orbital as soon as this summer. A trip around the moon will follow in 2023, according to his plans, with a first flight to Mars in just four years. Or, at least, that's what Musk suggested to the International Mars Society Convention in October of last year. Even once Starship makes it to space and back in one piece for the first time, getting to Mars is a big jump — and establishing a Mars base will be an even bigger one. And those realities are something Musk is probably painfully aware of. READ MORE: Europe is starting to freak out about the launch dominance of SpaceX [Ars Technica] More on Starship: This Is What It Would Be Like to Ride Starship During Its Epic “Belly Flop” Maneuver Share This Article 
Coding and technology are central to the future of work. Web developers, coders, network engineers, and others are already in high demand, and that'll only intensify over the next decade as tech becomes more commonplace. Learning to code can give you a career edge, even if you're not in programming or IT, and the 2021 Complete Computer Science Training Bundle offers a comprehensive overview of common code skills for just $39.99, 97% off the MSRP. The bundle, which offers 212 hours of lectures and training across nine courses, is designed for all skill levels. If you're totally new, start off with the course on mastering discrete mathematics, and move on to mastering Linux's command-line interface, the root of all coding. Then you'll move into learning Python, one of the most powerful and flexible coding languages that drives everything from web development to video games. From there, the bundle explores two topics in depth. First, you'll learn about web development across two courses, where between them you'll build 35 different websites. Then, you'll begin exploring data science and machine learning, starting with learning applied statistics and their role in extracting patterns from large sets of data. Then you'll learn about Python's role in the field, starting with basic data science and then delving into platforms like Keras and TensorFlow. The bundle wraps up by looking at R, a language built for statistical computing. Data analysis and statistical modeling are particularly important for machine learning and data science, and you'll see how R makes them relatively easy to execute. If you're still on the fence, you might want to consider the brilliant minds behind these courses. These instructors offer decades of programming experience in areas such as automation, virtualization, database management, and more. One such example is Boris Paskhaver, a software engineer, consultant, and author who has earned a 4.6 out of 5-star rating on Udemy thanks to his ability to break down complex details into small, digestible pieces. Code is becoming more central to our lives, and it's filtering into careers even well away from the traditional tech world. The 2021 Complete Computer Science Training Bundle can help you stay current with the job skills you need, and at $39.99, 97% off MSRP, it'll help you learn at your budget and your pace. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
You might remember an intriguing story from earlier this year, when an investigative journalist discovered that Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates had been quietly buying up so much farmland that he now appears to own more of it than anybody else in America. The story — that the guy behind MS-DOS and Internet Explorer was going all in on agriculture — raised eyebrows in the media, but we never got a satisfying answer about why the billionaire philanthropist was buying up all that farmland. At least, that was the situation until this week, when Gates held yet another "ask me anything" meet-and-greet on Reddit, this time to promote his new book about climate change. During the AMA, one of the top questions cut right to the chase. "Hey Bill!" a redditor wrote. "Why are you buying so much farmland?" Gates' answer was hard to follow. "My investment group chose to do this," he wrote. "It is not connected to climate." That sounds like a firm enough answer, but then the billionaire appeared to contradict himself, "The agriculture sector is important," he continued. "With more productive seeds we can avoid deforestation and help Africa deal with the climate difficulty they already face." Then he doubled down on the climate connection, speculating about whether biofuels could help cut down on engine emissions. "It is unclear how cheap biofuels can be but if they are cheap it can solve the aviation and truck emissions," Gates wrote. What's the takeaway here? Unclear. Maybe Gates was trying to say that the farmland investments were purely financial, but that he sees ways that they could help the environment. Or maybe he just likes sharing his opinions, even if they don't always add up. READ MORE: I’m Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and author of “How to Avoid a Climate Disaster.” Ask Me Anything. [Reddit] More on Bill Gates: Bill Gates and Richard Branson Invest in Lab-Grown Meat Startup Share This Article 
Rental properties have always made excellent investments from a purely financial perspective. The only problem for most people was that acquiring and managing them was a hassle. Researching and choosing a property, making an offer, navigating the closing process, finding tenants, and then carrying out your duties as a landlord—it’s all so complicated and time consuming. That’s why most people just put their money in stocks and bonds. But what if investing in rental properties was easier? What if you could research, purchase, and manage properties anywhere in the country from the comfort of your own couch? Because now, thanks to a high-tech real estate investing platform called Roofstock, you can. Before we get to Roofstock, you might be wondering why the single-family rental sector makes such a good investment. And really, it all comes down to four main factors. The first factor is variety. Right now there are approximately 16-million single-family rental units in the United States worth an estimated $3 trillion. With that many potential investment properties to choose from, it makes it a whole lot easier to find properties that meet all of your criteria. Second, single-family rentals give you two ways to make money. Not only do they generate income every month from rent, but when you select the right property in the right area, its value will appreciate over time. That, ultimately, is how you grow your wealth. Third, rental properties offer tremendous stability. Studies based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, S&P 500 returns, and U.S. Treasury show that investments in the SFR market offer similar returns to the stock market, but with less volatility. Fourth, and perhaps most importantly for anyone planning for the future, returns on single-family rentals are uncorrelated to the stock market because they are not affected by the same economic forces. That makes single-family rentals an excellent choice for anyone who wants to diversify their portfolio and hedge against market downturns. Roofstock is a comprehensive online platform that gives investors powerful tools to make smart decisions, making investing in single-family rental properties radically simple and efficient. With Roofstock, you shop for and buy rental properties through their online marketplace. This marketplace is curated using state-of-the-art AI analytics and features properties located all over the country. Each property has a proprietary “neighborhood score” designed to help you understand the area, as well as all other financial, quantitative, and qualitative data that you previously had to pull together from a variety of sources. Once you take ownership of your rental property you are free to manage it yourself. However, Roofstock can also put you in touch with reputable property managers. While that will cost you more money each month, it also means you are not limited to buying properties in your city, or even your state. And that in turn means you have access to more lucrative rental markets. Many of the properties on Roofstock’s marketplace already have tenants, which means you can start earning income as soon as you take ownership. However, Roofstock offers what they call a “Lease Up Guarantee” for vacant properties. Basically, if you are not able to secure a signed lease on your rent-ready home within 45 days of closing, they will cover rent for up to a year. Amazingly, the “Lease Up Guarantee” isn’t even Roofstock’s most impressive feature. They also offer a 30-day money back guarantee on the purchase of any property through their online marketplace. Seriously. If you are not completely satisfied with your real estate purchase, all you have to do is contact Roofstock within 30 days of closing, and they will start the refund process. If you’ve always wanted to invest in rental real estate, but you were intimidated by all the work involved, you need to take a look at Roofstock. Their all-in-one platform simplifies the process of purchasing rental properties and significantly reduces financial risk. In short, it’s a total gamechanger. Click here to learn more about Roofstock, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Progressive Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders suplexed tech billionaire Elon Musk in a Sunday tweet, excoriating the SpaceX CEO for pouring money into interplanetary space travel ambitions while inequality persists here on Earth. "Space travel is an exciting idea, but right now we need to focus on Earth and create a progressive tax system so that children don't go hungry, people are not homeless and all Americans have healthcare," Sanders said. "The level of inequality in America is obscene and a threat to our democracy." The tiff — and its background, which we'll get into below — are a crystal-clear illustration of a widespread tension in contemporary views of the future: whether we should wait until everyone is taken care of on our home planet before taking on the incredibly expensive task of sending people to other worlds, or whether it's feasible to pursue both tasks simultaneously. The spat between Sanders and Musk has been brewing since last week, when Bernie singled out Musk and fellow billionaire Jeff Bezos in an earlier tweeted missive. "We are in a moment in American history where two guys — Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos — own more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of people in this country," Sanders said at the time. "That level of greed and inequality is not only immoral. It is unsustainable." Musk, who's never been one to turn down a feud, fired back yesterday, asserting that "I am accumulating resources to help make life multiplanetary and extend the light of consciousness to the stars." And that, naturally, was when Bernie clobbered him with the tweet about children going hungry. The reality is that space travel is not currently an enormous drain on humanity's resources. NASA's budget is currently hovering around $22 billion annually, out of a national budget of nearly $5 trillion, and SpaceX's operation is significantly cheaper (though its ambitions are arguably just as large.) Instead, Musk and Sanders seem to be hashing it out in anticipation of a future in which off-planet exploration is a vastly more expensive endeavor than it currently is. Like Sanders admitted in his tweet, that's an exciting prospect — but hopefully it can grow in tandem with a comprehensive social safety net. More on Bernie Sanders: Bernie Sanders: Spend Money on the Climate Instead of Weapons   Share This Article 
Everyday, 80-percent of Americans drink coffee in an attempt to boost alertness, energy, and feelings of well-being. Sure, coffee is great for its ability to help us power up when we're lagging. But like most drugs, too much caffeine can be a bad thing. According to the American Psychological Association, at least eight studies conducted on caffeine found that it aggravated symptoms of anxiety and panic disorder. But even though over consumption can lead to negative side effects, coffee is still the number one way to consume caffeine, and that's unlikely to change. But what if you could consume the perfect cup of joe without these side effects? That's where the Strong Coffee Company's Daybreaker Latte comes in. Daybreaker Latte is the cup of coffee you've always dreamed about. This unsweetened latte is the perfect way to start your day. It’s dark, bold, and creamy, and is great hot or iced.  It’s designed to make you feel balanced and sharp without the jittery comedown associated with a caffeine boost. Daybreaker gives you the perfect dose of caffeine, designed to elevate energy and intensify focus similar to the way your regular cup of joe does. But Daybreaker does it better. That's because with a Daybreaker Latte, the boutique coffee shop experience is upgraded by the power of science. Strong Coffee Company's science backed ingredients result in a latte designed to make you feel balanced and sharp when it counts. The Daybreaker Latte recipe starts with high-quality single-origin Organic Colombian instant coffee. It's lower in acid and absolutely delicious. To give Daybreaker its bold and earthy kick, it's made with organic cocoa, which contains antioxidants making it functional as well as delicious. Next, there's 15 grams of Collagen to strengthen your hair, skin, and to aid in digestion. To boost brain function, there's C8-C10 MCT Oil (aka brain super fuel) that delivers energy and increases mental sharpness. And L-theanine helps to counteract the jittery effects of caffeine while boosting concentration, memory, and focus. Plus, it has 50mg of Hyaluronic Acid to keep your skin glowing and your joints lubed up and primed for action. The result is a laser-focused energy boost that helps you kick ass... in a zen kind of way. The Daybreaker Latte Subscription Progam was built for people that understand the best things in life include the perfect cup of coffee. In fact, when you choose the Daybreaker Latte Subscription you won't just be choosing to elevate your coffee game, but you'll also be getting 20-percent off your purchase. Your Daybreaker Latte will be delivered to your home at zero obligation, and you can cancel, pause, or modify your coffee subscription whenever you want. All that, and you also get access to FIVE Strongwork workouts per week designed by Celebrity Trainer, MMA Fighter, and Strong Coffee founder Adam Rothfelder. So what are you waiting for? Try Daybreaker risk free, and if you're not satisfied, Strong Coffee Company offers a 60-day money back guarantee. So let Daybreaker Latte make your mornings STRONG, and the rest of your day will fall into place. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Many years ago, anyone wanting to launch a website faced a crisis. With only a few domain extensions to choose from, good domain names were becoming as rare as Clubhouse users on Android. And that is very rare indeed. To solve the problem, a brand new selection of top-level domains was introduced back in 2015. One of the new extensions was .tech, which is now becoming a favorite with forward-thinking entrepreneurs and technology organizations. There are several reasons why .tech has proved so popular. Perhaps the most notable is that many short, memorable domain names are available. For instance, finance.tech and virtualreality.tech are both open for registration at the time of this writing. The equivalent .com domains have long since been claimed. Of course, .tech domain names also make visitors think of technology and the future. Presumably, this is why CES, the world-famous technology expo, was an early adopter of the .tech extension. Likewise, Viacom chose the extension for their media technology division. Putting your website in the same bracket is a smart move for immediate branding benefit. Getting your hands on a .tech domain is pretty straightforward: visit .TECH Domains and enter your desired domain name to check availability. The selection is vast, and you can claim a domain in minutes. Just as importantly, the .tech extension won't come with a big price tag. Domain names normally start at $49.99 a year, with savings on longer registrations. For a limited time, .TECH is offering an 80% discount on all one-year and five-year registrations. Simply enter the promo code TECHNOW at checkout for instant savings. Prices subject to change  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you've watched any of SpaceX's recent test launches, Starship prototypes have engaged in a white-knuckles mid-flight maneuver before descending back to Earth. Before landing, the Starship prototypes are designed to pull off a "belly flop" in which they switch off their engines, flip onto their front, and freefall horizontally before righting themselves — almost like a dolphin leaping out of the water. It's an incredible display of spacecraft maneuverability, but nailing the flip is crucial for SpaceX. These are just prototypes, but SpaceX expects the finished Starship product to return to Earth's atmosphere on its side, using the air around it to slow its fall before righting itself and landing on its feet. It's a cool idea, but it would also make for an interesting ride for anyone on board. The maneuver raises a serious question. The Starship is supposed to carry human passengers into space, so what would it feel like to actually be inside one during a belly flop? To get to the bottom of it, we tapped Christopher Combs, an assistant professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Texas San Antonio. You might recognize Combs as one of the experts who weighed in on a previous Futurism thought experiment — whether you could climb inside of a SpaceX Rideshare cargo launch and have any hope of surviving the journey. Thankfully, he says, the bellyflop should be substantially less perilous — once SpaceX figures out how to stop Starship from exploding afterwards — but we still wanted to figure out what it would be like to be on the inside. Here's our conversation, edited and condensed for clarity. Futurism: The Starship prototypes are doing this weird belly flop maneuver during their test hops. Aside from our question of rider experience, can you talk a little bit about what SpaceX is doing with this flipping technique and why it's showcasing this maneuverability? Christopher Combs: You don't have to do a belly flop to make a hop work for a few kilometers. They're trying to demonstrate this and showcase it because when they actually get up to orbit or get close to orbital speeds, then this thing has to slow down. You can't just come straight in with this kind of vehicle. They want to aero brake a little bit and kind of glide or coast into wherever they're going to land. When things are moving as fast as that or you're dealing with hypersonic aerodynamics, a rounded body is actually preferred in a lot of ways. They're kind of taking advantage of that saying, "Well, we're going to reenter, sort of turn this thing on its side, and fly up and use the flaps to control how we're coming in to basically be able to appropriately slow things down so that we don't have to use the rockets the entire time." Is that approach unusual? The other rockets that SpaceX has reused haven't returned sideways. Combs: I mean, unless you want to count the Space Shuttle. So it's almost like they said "Well, what if you took the Space Shuttle, but instead of putting wheels on it and landing on a runway, you wanted to land vertically with a rocket?" The Rideshare experiment that we talked about has an unhappy ending no matter how you look at it. But the Starship is actually expected to carry humans into orbit. But it seems like this maneuver would still make for a bad time. Combs: I mean, I don't know. I guess "bad" depends on your perspective, right? If you're a person that doesn't like roller coasters, I don't think you would like this. This isn't going to be your Southwest Airlines flight — there will probably be some discomfort. It's not going to kill you, obviously. I do wonder if it's one of these things where they say, you know, people with certain conditions maybe shouldn't do this. I would assume that that's going to happen. I mean, for spaceflight, I would kind of figure it would be a little bit stricter than "You must be this tall to ride." Combs: Yeah, right. One interesting thing about the flip, though, in terms of G-force: FlightClub.io has done modeling of these Starship tests to find the Gs that the vehicle experience. They were seeing two and a half or so, which is pretty manageable, especially for short times. That's nothing too scary. And in terms of the flip maneuver, it depends on where they put people. Where is your center of gravity relative to your center of pressure, and where are you sitting in relation to those points — that's going to determine how much force you actually see. But if you watch the videos and if you look at some of the things SpaceX has posted, the Starship kind of rotates more or less about the nose cone. So most of the rotation is happening closer to where the rockets are because of how they use the flaps and how they orient their axis of rotation when they do that maneuver. And I'm certain that that's intentional. Is that just a function of the rockets being at the bottom so the top rotates less? Is that something that needs to be deliberately designed? Combs: It depends on the location of the rockets, the location of the flaps, how the flaps are oriented, and the weight distribution of the rocket. We have a center of gravity, which is a kind of a geometrical and mass-determined thing. And then you have a center of pressure, which determines about what center your aerodynamic loads are acting. Those two things are going to determine how something rotates when a given force is applied. That's important in aircraft design and all kinds of things. And so they've set it up in a way, with their design, so that the axis of rotation is very close to where the crew is going to be located or where passengers are going to be. I am inferring that you're not going to feel a lot of Gs from the flip, I don't think, because of where they're able to locate that axis, but you're still going to spin a little bit. You're still experiencing some Gs from the deceleration — although not a crazy amount — so it will be a little bit uncomfortable and a little bit disorienting, maybe? Because you're going to be spinning. But not life-threatening stuff. Um, I wouldn't eat a hot dog on the flight. It might feel kind of carnival ride-ish. Do you think it matters where you're sitting?  Combs: I think it'll be a little bit different but not substantially. And I'm not exactly sure how they are going to orient people. But like, you're all kind of on the same ring. Depending on exactly how the axis lines up there will be some people that hardly feel anything, I think, and some people that get a little bit more. But still, it's not like the difference you would experience if you were down at the rocket end. This has to be deliberately designed for people. And I was curious if you had any thoughts on kind of the considerations that go into that from a technical standpoint. Are there extra steps that go into this that are designed to make the ride and especially flipping around more survivable, or maybe less nauseating? Combs: These are rockets, so you can manage things like thrust and impulse, and you design all that in. You can take things a little bit slower [than a cargo launch], maybe you pay more attention to how much things are vibrating, and you design more into, you know, making the environment comfortable. We've shown you can do this with the human space flight that's already happened, and there's going to be different standards for human space flight, but yeah, you would put different load limits and different types of force limits on your design. And you design how you're going to fire all of these engines up and everything like that. So yeah, you would handle it differently than then you would if it's just instrumentation or whatever. It's a consideration that you would make, but it's not something that is unthinkable. It's certainly different for crewed versus cargo launches, but what about flipping over and belly-flopping versus a vertical takeoff and landing? Combs: Kind of like we talked about, they had to make some considerations about where people were going to be relative to where the vehicle was going to rotate. They have got some limits on how hard they can make that maneuver and how fast they could do it. Those are considerations that would have to be made because you're kind of bridging the gap between what you do on an airplane and what you do with spacecraft. They would definitely need to kind of keep those things in mind. But at the same time, I do think there is a lot of engineering experience about what people can handle in terms of those types of loads and forces and experiences between all the stuff we've done in space flight, but then with aircraft as well. So there's a lot of legacy knowledge. I'd say [SpaceX has] some design limits, but they have to they're obviously going to have to continue to engineer things in a way where they can consistently [land successfully]. I want to ask about the explosive aftermaths that we've seen because, you know, obviously those are problems. Those don't necessarily reflect the crew's experience, barring a tragedy, but is there a balance that needs to be struck between building a rocket that's comfortable and building a rocket that works well? Combs: It's just raising the bar in your design. That's not to take anything away from what SpaceX is doing. These have all been prototypes. This kind of stuff happens when you're doing stuff for the first time. Right. And they blow up and they learn a lot from it. Combs: Yeah, and then you learn a lesson and you fix it. The fascinating thing about what SpaceX does is that they're learning all these lessons very publicly and with full-scale tests. And a lot of places don't do that. They're able to learn lessons really fast. We're kind of seeing the design process play out in front of us, which is an incredible thing to watch. But yeah, they learned their lesson and SpaceX has shown they don't continually make the same mistakes over and over. They'll fix one thing and then maybe something else pops up, but eventually they get it all figured out, which I anticipate is going to happen here because they've got good problem solvers there. And they were close last time. They were so close. Combs: Yeah, right. We're past the point of "Can this work?" They're just fine-tuning things, getting the details sorted out, getting this valve right or getting this pneumatic to work the way that it should, or making sure this leg doesn't fail in this way. And that's just engineering. Once they get to that point, then things should get really repeatable. SpaceX declined to comment. More on SpaceX: Could I Climb Into a SpaceX Cargo Rideshare and Yeet Myself Into Space? Share This Article 
Mathematics was once the invisible force in our lives. Yet as we've learned more about big data and algorithms, math has become front and center both academically and in furthering your career. The Mastering Mathematics Training Prep Bundle offers ten courses to get a better grip on math, and it's on sale now for just $29.99. This bundle starts with courses on discrete mathematics, precalculus, and Calculus 1 to refresh your knowledge of mathematical concepts and lay the groundwork for the rest of what you'll learn. From there, it branches out into number bases, different ways to express a number, and number theory, which looks at the patterns and relationships between numbers. Next, you'll learn about graph theory. Yes, generating a graph is as simple as a few button clicks, yet understanding how graphs work, and how they can express numbers, is crucial to data communication and data science. The bundle then focuses on the more complex aspects of modern mathematics and data science. Master Clustering Analysis for Data Science Using MATLAB focuses on using the popular open-source mathematics software for machine learning approaches. This flows into Mathematical Foundation for Machine Learning & AI, which lays out the math behind both to get you started using these approaches elsewhere. Meanwhile, Mathematics for Data Science & Machine Learning using R explores the R programming language and its connection to mathematics. The bundle wraps up with QC051: Math Prerequisites for Quantum Computing, designed to give you a background in the mathematics behind quantum computing. The mathematical minds behind these courses offer years of expertise in math, coding, and more. This includes highly rated Udemy instructors such as computer science professor, Nouman Azam, and mathematics instructor, Miran Fattah. Math helps us understand the world we live in, and understanding math is the key to better grades, a better career, and a better understanding of everything around you. The Mastering Mathematics Training Prep Bundle makes this math far more accessible, and at $29.99, 98% off, it does it for less. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As smartphones have put all our audio in the cloud to be streamed anywhere, they've sparked a debate: What's better, earbuds or headphones? The former are convenient and discreet, while the latter offer better sound and comfort. Human Headphones combine the best features of both and add in a Bluetooth speaker function while they're at it. And now you can get them for just $229 when you use coupon code LISTEN40 for $40 off at checkout.   Over-ear headphones, also called closed-cups, have superior audio quality compared to earbuds because their design covers the ear with sound-blocking materials, allowing you to focus on what you want to hear. They also have larger drivers, and the bigger the driver, the better the sound. However, as anybody who's tried to fold them can tell you, they can take up a surprising amount of space. Earbuds, of course, can fit anywhere, but even with noise-canceling and a perfect fit, you'll still have the audio around you bleed through to some degree, and while driver technology has improved, small drivers still can't beat their bigger siblings. Rather than struggling with a band that only partially folds, Human's design clips the cups directly to your ears, and the cups magnetically clip together. So, you save space, and you get better audio quality. The size also means there's room for beamforming microphones to track your voice during calls, dual 280mAh batteries to give you up to nine hours of listening time on a charge, and easy-to-use touch controls. And when clipped together and charged, you can use them as a Bluetooth speaker. There's even a translation function built-in with eleven languages available through the app. As Gear Patrol puts it, "They sound better than pretty much any pair of true wireless earbuds – the sound is fuller, more immersive and with considerably punchier bass." If you don't want to compromise, Human Headphones ensure you don't have to. And with the coupon code LISTEN40, they're just $229, making them that much easier to throw in your bag and go. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Today, we have so many cool gadgets in our homes, it almost feels like we’re living in the future. We can tell AI assistants to play our favorite music, ask our refrigerators how much milk we have left, or check our security systems to see if the Amazon delivery guy left the package behind the bushes as instructed. And everyday things are getting even smarter and more technologically advanced. Consider smart lighting, for example. A few years ago, wifi light bulbs were on the cutting edge of interior illumination. Today, they’re basic, entry-level smart home devices. Now, if you really want to take smart lighting to the next level, you’ve got to take a look at what they’re doing at Nanoleaf. Though some people don’t put much thought into it, good interior lighting is actually very important for regulating mood, productivity, and wellness. Where lights are positioned, for example, can determine how light gets dispersed. Overhead lighting is great for general purposes, but lighting a specific area can help boost focus and concentration on a specific task. Hue and brightness are also very important. If you want to relax and unwind, you definitely want a warm hue, and you probably want medium to low intensity. However, if you want to help you focus and maintain attention, you want cooler and more intense lighting. Last but not least, we have color to take into consideration. Studies show that light at the blue end of the spectrum stimulates the production of serotonin and dopamine, which tell the brain that it’s time to be awake. However, light at the red end of the spectrum stimulates the production of melatonin, which tells the brain it’s time to power down and go to sleep. Amazingly, thanks to modern technology, we now have the ability to create custom illumination settings for every possible occasion. And when it comes to custom lighting, nobody does it better than Nanoleaf. Nanoleaf is a smart lighting system that lets you use modular LED panels, bulbs, and led strips to create 100-percent customized lighting that fully integrates with all major smart home platforms. Obviously, the modular panels are the star of the Nanoleaf system. They come in a variety of shapes in different sizes, and mount on your wall with easy-to-use adhesive mounting plates. You can use Nanoleaf’s “Canvas” panels to create an entire wall of light, or use their “Shapes” panels to create stunning light mosaics. Your only limitation is a lack of imagination. Using intuitive the Nanoleaf app, you can customize every single panel, create custom scenes, or even download scenes designed for specific moods, such as game night, dance party, sleep, and so on. You can use the music visualizer to sync the panels to the beat of your favorite tunes, or take movie night to the next level by syncing your panels to your TV so they reflect what’s happening on the screen. Oh, and did we mention that Nanoleaf panels are also touch sensitive? Simply use the “Touch Actions” section in the Nanoleaf app to make the panels respond dynamically to your touch, control lighting settings, or even play interactive games. There’s no point in mincing words here. Nanoleaf is the ultimate smart lighting system. It doesn’t just create the perfect ambience for any occasion. It lets you create custom art that adapts to your mood. Sounds pretty awesome, right? Click here to order your Nanoleaf starter kit today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
President Joe Biden has announced that his administration has distributed 100 million COVID-19 vaccine doses in just 58 days — beating its initial goal of 100 shots in 100 days by a wide margin. "Before President Biden took office, he set a goal of administering 100 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines in his first 100 days, which meant increasing vaccine supply and then turning vaccines into vaccinations," reads a celebratory tweet by the White House COVID-19 Response Team. "Today, on his 58th day in office, we have reached that goal." The country is doling out doses of the vaccine at a record pace. During a Thursday speech, Biden claimed that the US is now distributing on average 2.5 million shots per day. Most of those are still going into the arms of seniors. According to Biden, 36 percent of those over the age of 65 are now fully vaccinated, a significant milestone considering the bulk of hospitalizations and deaths occur in those higher age groups. "These milestones are significant accomplishments, but we have much more to do, much more to do," Biden said. "The American rescue plan will help us do it." The president also cautioned that the war on the virus isn't over yet, especially with highly transmissible variants of the coronavirus looming on the horizon. "Wash your hands and stay socially distanced, and keep masking up as recommended by the CDC, and get vaccinated when it's your turn," he said. "Now is not the time to let down our guard." On Friday, Biden told reporters that the country could reach 200 million doses by his 100th day in office, according to the Associated Press. READ MORE: Biden beats his vaccine goal, doling out 100 millionth dose on Day 58 [Axios] More on vaccines: China Approves COVID Vaccine Made From Hamster Cells Share This Article 
In only a matter of weeks, NFTs have gone from works produced by renowned digital artists to brands shamelessly cashing in on the trend, offering up meaningless GIFs of toilet paper and pixelated JPGs of pizza slices. And while some artists are selling elaborate pieces of digital art at Christie's, some are aiming a little lower than that. In the latest entry of "NFTs that have simply gone too far," a man from NYC has decided to sell recordings of his own intestinal gas — his "farts," colloquially speaking — the New York Post reports. Brooklyn-based film director Alex Ramírez-Mallis's NFT, called "One Calendar Year of Recorded Farts" is pretty much exactly what it sounds like. It's a series of, well, fart recordings, with inventive names such as "The Tony Hawk Special Edition" and "Fart #0666." The entire edited audio file is an uninterrupted spree of emissions that goes on for 52 long minutes. The top bid for the collection is a cool 0.2 ether, or roughly $360. The recordings are also available individually, and one of Ramírez-Mallis's flatulent audios has already been sold for $85 or 0.05 ether. "If the value increases, they could have an extremely valuable fart on their hands," he told the Post. The ridiculousness of the NFT trend didn't fly over the film director's head. "The NFT craze is absurd — this idea of putting a value on something inherently intangible," he told the newspaper. "These NFTs aren’t even farts, they’re just digital alphanumeric strings that represent ownership." He may have a point. Many NFTs currently being sold on the most popular exchanges are simple files that live on the Ethereum blockchain, but don't actually include the art itself. The token is simply a link to where the NFT is being stored. In other words, if Ramírez-Mallis were to move his fart recordings to a different server, the NFT holders would likely have very little recourse and be left, well, without a fart NFT. "There’s that old saying, 'Why don’t they just frame the money?'" Ramírez-Mallis told the New York Post, "and this really is the embodiment of that." READ MORE: NYC man sells fart for $85, cashing in on NFT craze [New York Post] More on NFTs: NFTs Have a Huge Persistence Problem Share This Article 
If you're not on the Keto Diet, chances are someone you know probably is. That's because, in 2019, the number of Keto dieters doubled, making it one of the most popular ways to lose weight in the United States. But beyond weight loss, practitioners claim the diet helps people improve mental awareness, tone down inflammation, and boost heart health. But despite all these benefits, Keto can be pretty restrictive, especially for people with a sweet tooth. But what if you could stay on on high-fat, low-carb diet while also satisfying your chocolate cravings? That's where Key Nutrients Keto Cocoa MCT Oil Powder comes in. Keto Cocoa MCT Oil Powder is formulated to help you boost your ketones and fuel your brain while making you feel like you're cheating on your diet. The goal behind Keto Cocoa MCT Oil Powder is to make keto easier. To do this, Keto Cocoa uses clean, science-backed ingredients to help you feel better, sharper, and stronger while on your health journey. If you're on the Keto diet, drink it guilt-free, knowing that it has no added sugar, artificial ingredients, or additives. Plus, using it is simple. It mixes well in coffee, smoothies, and water for a simply divine keto hot chocolate. On the Keto diet, you eliminate carbs and replace them with proteins and fats. Medium-chain triglycerides (MCTs) are a special form of fat, derived from coconuts, that travel rapidly to your liver for ketone production. Ketones are tiny molecules that fuel your body with alternate energy when carbs are scarce. While in Ketosis, your body goes into a sort of fat-burning starvation mode that helps you lose weight. Because of this, Keto Cocoa MCT Oil Powder is perfect for getting an extra energy boost first thing in the morning, in between meals to curb cravings, and before workouts to help fuel up. However, you don't even need to be on the Keto diet to drink up its benefits. Keto Cocoa MCT Oil Powder elevates ketones even in the presence of carbs But to reap the maximum from this state-of-the-art product, it's best to drink it while on a Keto diet. Once consumed, Keto Cocoa MCT Oil Powder rapidly converts to ketones to fuel your brain and boost energy. Not only does the Keto Cocoa improve mental acuity, but it also helps curb cravings. This not-so-guilty-pleasure is made from real coconuts and has virtually zero carbs, resulting in a delicious MCT mix that will satisfy your taste buds while advancing your keto goals. Most importantly, it's a great meal replacement. Drink Keto Cocoa MCT Oil Powder as an alternative to breakfast, and power through your morning. Or enjoy it as a guilt-free afternoon treat to replace hunger pains with an energy boost. Key Nutrients' is so confident you'll love their Keto Cocoa MCT Oil Powder that they offer an ironclad 60-day risk-free money-back guarantee if you are not fully satisfied. So what are you waiting for? Exceed your tastebud's expectations by purchasing Keto Cocoa MCT Oil Powder now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The PIC (Programmable Intelligent Computer) microcontroller has been the best friend of engineers, inventors, and makers since they first arrived in 1976. These tiny yet mighty chips turn up almost everywhere, and even experienced hackers are surprised by their versatility. The PIC Microcontroller Engineering Projects Course Bundle, currently $49.99 (96% off MSRP), delves into where these venerable chips belong in the 21st century. This 13-course bundle is offered by the Educational Engineering Team, a team of skilled engineers that has been teaching students in the programming and microcontroller industry since 2007. Leading the charge is Ashraf AlMadhoun, an educator, Mechatronics engineer, electronics and programming hobbyist, and maker who has taught over 250 thousand students how to use PIC microcontrollers, Arduino, Raspberry Pi, and more. If you're experienced with programming or making, but haven't used PIC microcontrollers before, start with PIC Microcontroller Step-by-Step: Your Complete Guide. This seven-hour course gives you a full tour of how to program and control it, as well as introduces you to the many, many sensors, displays, and other tools you can connect it to. Makers can follow it up with Arduino Vs Raspberry PI Vs PIC Microcontroller and Make A PIC Microcontroller-Based Arduino Development Board. Coders and engineers can see where microcontrollers meet the real world with courses on microcontroller simulation for code testing, connecting a GUI to more easily troubleshoot projects, and using LabView and C with microcontrollers. Then, you can learn by doing. The bundle is dedicated to a host of build-along projects, including remote door locking systems; dot-matrix LED displays; motion detectors; garage door openers; wireless power transmitters; and much, much more. These projects are designed to introduce both new and experienced builders to the multitude of components that can be used, as a launchpad to building their own projects. You'll see how these chips interact with motion sensors, LCD displays, ultrasonics, and a host of input devices. These small chips have a big impact, and learning how to use them can change how you work, engineer, craft or invent. And with The PIC Microcontroller Engineering Projects Course Bundle, it's never been easier to learn how to use them. This 13-course bundle is on sale for $49.99, 96% off the $1,287 MSRP. That's less than $4 per course. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Facebook has teased a wristband-based augmented reality controller that could integrate the technology into our daily lives more seamlessly than ever — if the company is to be believed. Last year, CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook was getting set to release a pair of AR glasses as soon as 2021. Since then, we've gotten sparse details about the project, run by Facebook Reality Labs (FRL). The company elaborated on its vision earlier this month, announcing that it's hoping to augment the glasses with a new interface via a "soft wristband" designed to read signals from the spinal cord and use them to control the glasses. This week, Facebook released a new video, showing off a prototype of the wrist-worn device. It's chunky and features a small screen. According to the company's claims, the device picks up signals from a user's nervous system rather than forcing you to move your entire arm. In a new blog post detailing its latest efforts, Facebook said that a fully fleshed out vision of augmented reality is still many years out. Instead, the company decided to take "a closer look at a version that may be possible much sooner: wrist-based input combined with usable but limited contextualized AI, which dynamically adapts to you and your environment." On the wrist, the company says, the device is able to read neural data being sent to your hands from your brain, a wealth of information that can be interpreted using EMG or electromyography. These signals can then be turned into commands; the movement of a mouse or a simple mouse click, for instance, as shown off in the demo below. "What we’re trying to do with neural interfaces is to let you control the machine directly, using the output of the peripheral nervous system — specifically the nerves outside the brain that animate your hand and finger muscles," FRL Director of Neuromotor Interfaces Thomas Reardon said in the blog post. The same technology could even be applied to typing on a non-existent keyboard, as demonstrated below. "The signals through the wrist are so clear that EMG can understand finger motion of just a millimeter," the company notes in the post. "That means input can be effortless. Ultimately, it may even be possible to sense just the intention to move a finger." Facebook admits that plenty of "technical challenges remain" before its wrist worn interface can come to market. Time will also tell if consumers are ready for wearing AR glasses, let alone using armbands to control the glasses' interface — that is, if Facebook's tarnished brand when it comes to privacy isn't already enough of a turn off. READ MORE: Facebook teases wrist-controlled augmented reality [Engadget] More on the glasses: Facebook Shows Off Neural “Wristbands” to Control AR Glasses Share This Article 
It seems like no one is getting that deep, deep sleep we all need. This is especially true if you're sharing a bed with someone else, and have to deal with all the tossing and turning. According to a survey conducted by The Better Sleep Council, 63-percent of couples spend their nights separated, with 26-percent of those people saying they sleep better alone. Luckily, there is a better way. If getting restful sleep is at the top of your priority list, but you just can't bring yourself to sleep alone, you should know about Saatva's Solaire Adjustable Mattress. It might just be the most precise bed ever made. The Solaire Adjustable Mattress is designed to give couples the perfect sleeping experience at an affordable price point. It adjusts to the desired comfort level of both you and your partner. With six luxurious layers of comfort and 50 firmness options, you can adjust at the touch of a button. You and your partner will never have to compromise on comfort again. And if you're looking for superior lumbar support, look no further. Solaire's 5-zone Talalay latex offers uplifting support precisely where you need it most: in the all-important lumbar region. Body-hugging memory foam and a cushioned pillow-top add pressure-relieving comfort so your brain and body get some much needed rest. Saatva's Solaire Adjustable Mattress uses the best parts of their other luxury mattresses to ensure both you and your partner will get your best sleep ever. It's made of five interior layers and encased by an organic cotton cover. The top layer is made up of Saatva's 5-zone Talalay latex, followed by a layer of gel-infused, high-density memory foam, a moisture barrier, air chambers, and finally, a power edge enclosure to house the bed's mechanical components and provide edge support. All these layers help the Solaire conform to your body, no matter your comfort level. Not only that. but the layers also provide the right amount of support - and contribute to Solaire's ability to adjust to 50 firmness levels on each side.⁣ Saatva never wants customers to feel pressured to make up their minds. That's why they offer a 180-night at-home trial for all of their mattresses, including the Solaire Adjustable Mattress. When you choose the Solaire, you're choosing luxury, which includes free white-glove delivery and setup. Not only do they set up your new mattress in the room of your choosing, but they'll also remove your previous mattress and foundation for free. All that, and the Solaire also comes with a prorated 25-year warranty, which includes full-coverage on all parts for the first five years you own your Solaire Adjustable Mattress and all labor for the first 15 years. If you have any questions about any of this, you can always contact Saatva's sleep guides, who are available 24-hours a day, 365-days a year—nights, weekends, and holidays included. So what are you waiting for? Choose the Solaire Adjustable Mattress , and get the best sleep of your life without sacrificing the intimacy of sharing a bed with the one you love. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with Eight Sleep, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Whether you're working from a distance, want a bigger screen for gaming when you log off after work, or want to keep all your personal apps on one screen and work on the other, a portable monitor offers some crucial extra space. That's why UPERFECT is running a sale for up to 15% off across its range of portable monitors, which regularly rack up hundreds of four and five-star reviews on Amazon and other shopping sites. A versatile plug-in monitor with 1080p resolution, that can be used in landscape or portrait, this workhorse (pictured above), usually $219, is 10% off, or just $197.99. Quantum dot LEDs (QLEDs) have more brightness and color compared to standard LED monitors, producing more vivid scenes while playing games and streaming videos. You can save 10% on UPERFECT's version, making it just $224.99. If you're going to spend a long time away from outlets, your second screen should have its own battery. Typically $339, this monitor with its own onboard battery is just $289.99 after a 14% discount. Perfect for creatives on the go, whiteboarding, and playing touchscreen games, this touch-enabled monitor has an MSRP of $399, but with 15% off, it's just $339.99. Ideal for presentations, streaming, and detailed creative work, this 4K monitor, normally $339, is $305.99 with 10% off. This top-rated touchscreen monitor packs a bright screen and sensitive touch in a crisp 4K package, and at 14% off, $419.99, it's the best tool for gamers and creatives alike. If you've got a smaller laptop, or need a screen that more easily fits in your briefcase, you can save 14% on this versatile monitor, dropping the price from $229 to $195.99. The UPERFECT X might just be the brand's most innovative product yet, offering a unique dock that only requires you to connect your Android device. Suddenly, you instantly have a fully-featured laptop, keyboard, trackpad, and all. Usually $349.99, save 10% with this sale and turn your Android phone into a workstation for just $314.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's basically no question about where Leonardo da Vinci's Renaissance masterpiece, the Mona Lisa, is at any given moment. Barring unforeseen circumstances — or the heist of the century — the painting can be found in the Salle des Etats in the Louvre in Paris, France. But when it comes to purely digital works of art like non-fungible tokens or NFTs, the answer to that question of where a given piece of art is actually stored is far more complicated. In short, NFTs allow art collectors to prove ownership over a purely digital piece of art. That means the NFT can be an experience, a tweet, a techno song about NFTs, or even the burning of an original Banksy livestreamed on the internet. NFTs have quickly risen to become one of the most lucrative ways for certain artists to sell their art online, all thanks to the power of the blockchain, a public ledger that allows the buyer to prove once and for all that they are the original owner of said art — despite the existence of thousands of copies online. But that raises an important question. What does the buyer actually get? Would their new-fangled piece of art, or rather the deed over said art, survive if the NFT exchange where the buyer got their piece were to fold? In many cases, the answer appears to be no. The problem is the simple fact that the work of art itself isn't actually the NFT — the NFT simply points to it. Exactly where the art is depends on the NFT. In the most straightforward cases, the token itself is a document stored on Ethereum, a popular blockchain, that includes a simple URL to a server where the art is stored — it would be far to cumbersome and expensive to store it on the Etherum blockchain itself, as CoinDesk points out. In those cases, that effectively means that if a given NFT exchange were to fold, the original artwork would vanish with it. To UK-based software engineer Jonty Wareing, that should give art collectors pause. "In short: Right now NFT's are built on an absolute house of cards constructed by the people selling them," Wareing argued in a Twitter thread. In other words, when the startup that sells you a given NFT shuts down, those files will disappear along with them. A promising alternative is the InterPlanetary File System (IPFS). Just like a public blockchain ledger, IFPS attempts to decentralize where the content itself is being stored. Rather than referring to one instance or file, like how your browser is pointing you to the HTTP address of this very webpage, IFPS points to a number of different copies of that artwork around the world. If one were to call up said artwork, you'd be connected to the nearest copy on the server closest to you. Even then, "IPFS only serves files as long as a node in the IPFS network intentionally keeps hosting it," Wareing argues in a follow-up tweet. "Which means when the startup who sold you the NFT goes bust, the files will probably vanish from IPFS, too." And as art engineer Micah Elizabeth Scott points out in a reply on Twitter, there already have been instances where "some NFTs with IPFS resources" are no longer being "hosted anywhere." More worryingly, Nifty Gateway, a popular NFT exchange, may already be losing NFTs on IPFS. "Btw we’ve been tracking this for 7 days now and most of the files we check from Nifty Gateway on IPFS fail," Check My NFT, a voluntary asset ratings service that can check how well NFTs are stored, tweeted in response to Wareing. Futurism has reached out to Nifty Gateway for comment. We'll update this story is we hear back. An NFT is also only a single deed on one given blockchain, meaning that if the entire blockchain were to vanish, the NFT would disappear along with it. That may not be as much of an issue for well-established blockchains like Ethereum, but many NFTs are being sold based on younger blockchains, as Fortune reports. Generally speaking, there is currently no system in place to guarantee that any given NFT will persist over the years. The same can't be said about the Mona Lisa, or any physical piece of art for that matter. NFT exchanges, however, are open to the idea of a USDA-certified-organic-style "persistence seal," as CoinDesk reports. As of right now, the hype surrounding NFTs is immense. But the trend brings up some tough questions that anybody who is willing to put down seven figures should be able to answer first. Then again, perhaps NFTs are the embodiment of the hype itself. "When we talk about owning digital artwork, the thing we want is the glory of being the one who supported the artist," open-source advocate William Entriken told CoinDesk. READ MORE: It’s an NFT Boom. Do You Know Where Your Digital Art Lives? [Coindesk] More on NFTs: Elon Musk Says His Techno Song NFT Isn’t For Sale After All Share This Article 
Are you currently on the market for a new hobby that is both incredibly entertaining and intellectually stimulating? Do you love computers and technology? Have you always wanted to have your own personal robot arm that can 3D print a bottle opener and then use it to pour you a beer? If the answer to any or all of these questions is yes, then you really need to take a look at the Rotrics DexArm. The Rotrics DexAm is a versatile desktop robot arm designed to make coding and robotics fun and engaging. It runs on open-source software and features interchangeable modules that allow it to function as a 3D printer, a laser engraver and cutter, a pen plotter, and even an AI assistant robot. The DexArm is precise down to 50 microns. How precise is that? Well, a typical human hair is about 70 microns in diameter. So, yeah, that’s pretty precise. The DexArm’s 3D printing module can print using a number of versatile materials, including PLA (a kind of plastic), TPU (another kind of plastic), wood, and even carbon fiber. Its laser engraving and cutting module lets you engrave, etch, and cut on materials like cardboard, wood, and ceramics. Its pen holder module can draw anything from schematics to custom illustrations. And its soft gripper and air picker modules let you create all sorts of custom tasks. Unlike other 3D printers—which are just laser printers and not also laser engravers, etchers, and robot arms—the DexArm has a huge working range of 8.3 x 11.7 inches for 2D objects and 8.6 x 8.6 x 14.9 inches for 3D objects. If you install the DexArm on the optional sliding rail kit, the number of things you can create is practically unlimited. So what does all that mean in real world terms? It means you can use the DexArm to create and do almost anything you can imagine. Invent and print your own custom gadgets and household items. Create stunning one-of-a-kind illustrations. Teach the Rotrics DexArm to sign autographs or address envelopes. Or, yes, teach it to pour you a cold one after a long day at work. The possibilities are almost endless. Computer coding is one of the most important aspects of a good STEM education. Not only will it make individuals more employable and our economy more competitive, but it also helps us comprehend modern life and teaches valuable skills like cooperation and problem solving. If you’re looking for a fun and engaging way to get your kids into coding, or if you want to learn coding yourself, the DexArm is pretty much the perfect educational tool. The Rotrics DexArm comes with the free, open-source, and intuitive Rotrics Studio software which you can use to design projects and create custom automations for the DexArm. However, it’s also fully compatible with Scratch, the internationally acclaimed MIT-designed coding app your kids probably already know how to use. And for those who are a little more advanced, Rotrics provides API for using programming languages like C, C++, Python, Java, Javascript, and ROS. Whether you’re a coding expert or a total noobie, you can have all kinds of fun with the DexArm. The Rotrics DexArm robot arm comes with three different kits at three different price points. However, the best value is the Luxury Kit. It includes the DexArm, a 3.5-inch touchscreen controller, plus the pen holder module, laser engraving module, 3D printing module, soft-gripper module, and air-picker module—all for less than a thousand dollars. Rotrics also offers a number of accessories for the DexArm that you may find useful when you start working on more advanced projects. These include the aforementioned sliding rail kit, as well as a computer vision kit, a safety enclosure, and a conveyor belt. Isn’t it time you stop wasting time and money on boring hobbies that don’t produce or teach anything useful? The Rotrics DexArm will teach you about robotics, engineering, 3D printing, graphic design, computer programming, and artificial intelligence, and you’ll have a ton of fun doing it. And with a one-year warranty and 30-day money back guarantee, you have absolutely nothing to lose from giving it a shot. So click here to order yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While none of us will ever beat a computer, the delight of going brain-to-brain against a fellow human in chess can't be overstated. Chess helps you think tactically, approach problems by looking at the long term, and it's also a lot of fun. Yet mastering it can be tough, especially on your own. Fortunately, the Ultimate Beginner to Grandmaster Chess Course Bundle is here to take you from amateur to demolisher of the Sicilian, and currently you can do it for $89.99, 87% off the MSRP. Taught by grandmasters, each of these course bundles — 137 hours in all — show you how to dominate at chess. New to the game? Start with Chess for Beginners, which walks you through chess strategy in each step of the game. You'll learn about opening attacks, how to control the center of the board, how to play the middlegame to thwart your opponent, aggressive and positional playstyles, and how to deliver on the endgame. If you're more familiar with chess, try Advanced Chess Strategy. Over 44 hours, this explores how to overhaul your chess game and become more effective, with four courses exploring the Sicilian defense, endgame shortcuts, and 80/20 tactics to create problems that your opponent needs to solve, while you focus on winning. For those who love chess and are looking to move up to grandmaster, the bundle wraps up with Road To Chess Mastery. These courses look at how to hone your game when you've got a lot to do, how to make use of positional chess strategies, and delve into the latest endgame techniques in the chess world. Learning the Game of Kings is easy, and mastery is a constant intellectual challenge. The Ultimate Beginner to Grandmaster Chess Course Bundle can build your game and keep it sharp, and at $89.99, 87% off, it's even a smart fiscal move. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Online adult content has been plentiful and popular for decades, but events of the last 12 months or so have brought it to new heights of relevance. And by some divine coincidence, this development has coincided with big innovations in technology that have taken the form to new heights. Specifically, virtual reality sex is no longer the stuff of science fiction. And now anyone can explore VR sex to the fullest with the ridiculously affordable Titan VR Experience from KIIROO. The centerpiece of the Titan VR Experience is the Titan itself. KIIROO’s Titan stroker is the first and best interactive vibrating stroker that works in conjunction with virtual reality, or all on its own. This handheld stroker offers users an incredible level of sensation that might just make the old way of enjoying adult video content seem like something out of prehistoric caveman times. How does the Titan achieve these unparalleled sensations? They come from nine bullet-shaped vibrating motors within the Titan’s real-feel sleeve. Spend a little time with the Titan and you’ll be a fan for life, as its touch-sensitive control pads bring responsiveness that leaves any other comparable stroker in the dust. Got a playmate over the Internet? With two Titans, partners can control the sensations and feelings you experience through your own Titan with a hair-trigger level of sensitivity, almost as if they were in the same room (and even closer). But its killer app gives the device the ability to vibrate in time with thousands of adult videos. It's programmed-in virtual reality haptic interfaces allow you to feel like you’re in the middle of the onscreen action. These sensations can be enjoyed with both 3D VR content and regular 2D videos, and more are being made all the time. And the Titan VR Sex Experience gives you everything you need to explore this hidden media treasure trove in one convenient bundle. That includes the Titan stroker itself as well as a pair VR goggles that can work with virtually any standard smartphone, plus bottles of KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant and KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner, all shipped discreetly to your door at no extra charge. All together, these products represent everything a newcomer to virtual reality sex needs to explore thousands of pieces of interactive adult content, and everything a seasoned VR sex explorer needs to continue their research under the most optimal conditions possible. Whether everything you’ve been hearing about virtual reality sex has you ready to dive into the deep end, or if you’re just curious to see (and feel) what it’s all about, the Titan VR Experience is the best way to do it. So head over to the KIIROO online store and order your all-inclusive bundle right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists have developed microphones so sensitive, they're able to eavesdrop on a particle. And yet, the microphone you use for your daily audio needs probably hasn't changed much in decades. The AudioWow moves the microphone forward, packing not just a microphone but a whole recording studio into a matchbox-sized package. The AudioWow is more than a microphone, although it has a built-in omnidirectional mic that can be used to record almost anything. It's a fully integrated, self-contained sound card designed to sync with your phone or other devices through the included app and a Bluetooth connection. Once you've connected it, you can go in, configure all your settings, and test how you sound before you press record, tweaking the EQ, adding effects such as reverb, increasing the gain, and other adjustments normally reserved for when you have a deck and a full microphone. It also has built-in, multi-level noise cancellation, perfect if you're a musician looking to record anywhere, a podcaster who needs to contribute an episode on the road, or a video producer who needs a clean track. As it has a sound card and intelligent functions built-in, it can go further, live-transcribing what you say, for example, to create closed captions. This makes it perfect for phone calls where you need a complete record of the conversation. You can even drop a track from your monitors in real-time, so if you're not sure how the guitar is sounding, dropping the vocals to listen can be done live. It pairs easily with social sharing apps like TikTok for content creation, and you can even use it as a karaoke machine in your pocket. The AudioWow is not only available for 11% off, you can save an extra $20 with the promo code AUDIO20 at checkout, making it just $139 for the whole package. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Wherever we as a species go, we tend to figure out how to build a pool nearby, even when "nearby" means "13 stories underground." And that's got its positives, but it also means lots of towels to wash. So if you love swimming, or just would rather skip the towel after a shower, the Viatek Body Dryer can keep you clean. To ditch the towel, all you need to do is set up the body dryer near your shower, pool, or other water sources, and when you're ready to be dry, step onto the dryer. The body dryer senses your weight and deploys a gust of air moving at up to 100mph from underneath to dry you off. And as it'll support weight up to 350 pounds, the whole family can use it, pets included; you'll never have to chase a wet dog ever again. Even better, you've got plenty of control over the speed of the dryer and the temperature. It also comes with a convenient remote control for those times when you're struggling with a toddler, a dog, or another creature in your home who apparently runs at the first sign of a towel. The ABS plastic construction and rugged design means anywhere you can plug it in, you can set it up. Put it in the bathroom to reduce your towel consumption, or set it up by the pool so you can jump in, get in a good swim, and be dry in time to get on your next video conference with no one the wiser. Whether you want to reduce your towel usage to keep detergents and microplastics out of the environment, or need to look good for a video call after a quick shower after your workout, the Viatek Body Dryer makes it simple. And at $249.99 — 16% off the MSRP — it'll keep you dry for less. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It is no secret that cybercrime is on the rise. In the early days of the pandemic alone, the FBI reported a whopping 300-percent. According to the research done by the University of Maryland, a hacking occurs every 39 seconds. And no one is immune. If you have a mobile phone or a computer, a bank account, or store important files in the cloud, you too can become a target. However, there are a few simple things you can do to greatly reduce the risk of becoming the victim. One of them is getting yourself a virtual private network (VPN). And for most people, an easy-to-use VPN from TunnelBear is the best bet. A VPN is essentially an encrypted connection over the Internet from a device to a network. Thanks to VPNs’ complex encryption, your data remains safe, thus preventing ISPs or various other organizations from eavesdropping on your data. Although there are several free VPNs readily available, there are several downsides to them. Though they might be "free" to users, it still costs money to run a virtual private network, which is why some services resort to aggressive advertising. Some providers even sell your data to third parties for advertising purposes, thus defeating the purpose. And some pay services will keep you safe, but they are also extremely complicated, which makes them difficult to utilize for the average user. However, if you’re looking for an efficient, uncompromising VPN, you need to check out TunnelBear, an insanely versatile service you can use on your mobile phone, tablet, or PC. Whether you’re looking for online privacy and security or the ability to access content that is otherwise blocked in your country, TunnelBear provides you with a stable and secure service. It doesn’t sell or share your data with anyone else, and the company performs annual, independent security audits to evaluate privacy and security. There are several ways TunnelBear protects your privacy. First off, it hides your actual IP address, which means that no one can see your real location or trace your activity. Its “Vigilant Mode” also blocks all unsecured traffic if your connection gets disrupted for any reason, which keeps your real IP from being exposed. And it launches at start-up, so you're also not exposed while you wait to connect to the network. The service offers easy-to-use apps for all your devices. It's available for Mac, iOS, Windows, and Android. It can be used anytime, anywhere, meaning that you can securely browse through public networks, which are notorious for being a target of data theft. TunnelBear also allows you to access content that is otherwise blocked in your area. That's because it has servers located in 26-different countries, ranging anywhere from Peru to India. Once connected to the server, you can spoof your location and bypass regional censorship while browsing at lightning-fast speeds with guaranteed security. But most importantly, TunnelBear uses strong AES-256 bit encryption, one of the most trusted and secure types of encryption. Ever since its inception in 1998, AES has been the gold standard, and is used by the US Government and multinational corporations the world over. TunnelBear’s plans start at just $3.33 per month. The first plan, Unlimited, offers unlimited secure browsing, up to five connected devices, and priority customer service. If you own a business, you might want to check out Teams. It is a plan which offers the same perks listed above while also allowing up to five connected devices per user, a dedicated account manager, and centralized billing and management. Want to try it out? TunnelBear offers the first 500MB of data for free. And if you're still not sure, you can ask for another gigabyte of data for free. So click here to get started today with TunnelBear, and help take control of your online security. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As technology and finance have intertwined, it's wrought some complex changes in how we buy and sell securities. Core to this change has been the arrival of quantitative finance, which uses complex models and large data sets to automate investing. This is seen as the province of major financial institutions, but anyone with enough coding knowledge can do it themselves, as the Quantitative Crypto Trading Strategies for Intermediate to Advanced Learners Bundle, currently $144.99, shows us. The bundle includes three courses from Quantra, which develops courses with input from leading traders and exchanges, using the crypto market as a demonstration tool and aimed at those already knowledgeable about coding and finance: Quantitative Trading Strategies & Models discusses quantitative finance in detail to ground you in the overall theory. Over seven lectures, you'll learn about time series analysis, options, and derivatives. The course also covers autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA), generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity (GARCH) models, and how to use them; options and derivatives.  Finally, you'll discover how to implement this in Python. Then the bundle narrows in on cryptocurrencies. Crypto Trading Strategies: Intermediate discusses three different intraday trading approaches including how to code them in Python; backtesting; and how to assess risk: Finally, Crypto Trading Strategies: Advanced looks at using algorithms in Python to automate your trading. It delves into machine learning, statistical arbitrage, long-only moment, K-means clustering, Hurst exponents, and other techniques to craft your own specific trading strategy, built around your needs. You'll also learn how to analyze the performance of your trading as you take it into live markets, and how to refine your code and approach as you collect more data. The cryptocurrency market is only used as an example. All of these strategies were developed for, and can be applied to, other markets, from foreign exchange (forex) to the stock market. The course bundle is ideal both for those looking to begin using quantitative finance for their personal investing, and those who want to better understand how it works and its impacts on the market. Usually $577, currently the Quantitative Crypto Trading Strategies for Intermediate to Advanced Learners Bundle is $144.99, or 72% off, and perfect for better understanding the changing world of finance. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Curiosity is often defined as “a strong desire to know or learn.” However, as far as modern television is concerned, it appears that this strong desire is fading away. The golden era of basic cable offered channels like Discovery and The Learning Channel, which were committed to science and other educational programing. But over the last decade or so, that type of programing has been replaced by reality shows and other dumbed-down entertainment. However, the golden era of streaming services is just beginning, and Curiosity Stream is the service that focuses exclusively on non-fiction, educational, science-focused programing that demystifies complex topics and brings the very definition of curiosity back on the screen. Curiosity Stream is an award-winning streaming service founded by John Hendricks, an entrepreneur who has over 30 years of experience running channels such as Discovery Channel and Animal Planet. Discovery Channel was broadcast in over 220 countries and territories, and it seems that Curiosity Stream is following its footsteps. In just 6 years of existence, it's managed to rack up over 13-million users in over 175 counties. In October 2020, it became the leading streaming service in fact-based programing, and one of the biggest streaming services, standing by the side of giants such as Netflix. The service works on the same principle as Netflix. You sign up, and with just a couple of clicks, you have access to one of the largest libraries of award-winning documentaries and originals. The content is organized into a couple of groups, which include History, Science, and Technology. Each of these groups offers various documentaries presented by some of the world’s most renowned scientists and television personalities, including Stephen Hawking, Richard Hammond, and David Attenborough. And you can watch it all in HD or 4K, depending on the plan you choose. There is no doubt that Curiosity Stream will satisfy your thirst for in knowledge, as new shows are added weekly. It offers over 3000 titles, 900 of which are originals. All of the titles can be streamed on any device, and there are no geographical restrictions. This means that you will be able to watch your favorite documentary without having to use a VPN or worry that it’s going to get blocked while you travel. Curiosity Stream offers several subscription plans, both monthly or annually. The HD monthly plan costs just $2.99 per month, while the HD annual plan costs $19.99. For those who wish to enjoy the documentaries in a higher quality, Curiosity Stream also offers 4K plans, which cost $9.99 per month and $69.99 per year. They also offer a sneak preview of their award-winning documentaries, free of charge. So don't wait. Click here to get started with Curiosity Stream, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
3D printing has made it possible to print out a new house, a steak, a nuclear reactor, you name it. So, it stands to reason that this technology can create the intricate toys we could only dream of when we were children. Toybox is dedicated to getting kids in on the fun — while building an interest in STEM — with its tabletop 3D printer serving as an infinite toy chest while teaching kids about engineering, materials, and art. And even better, right now, it's just $314.99, 32% off. Toybox is made to be kid-friendly, starting with the design. It's built to fit anywhere from kitchen tables to inside rooms, It's totally safe for kids to handle, with an LCD touchscreen that makes using it a snap. And it connects over Wi-Fi, making it easy to use any handy device to print. Using different plastic filaments, which are non-toxic and biodegradable, all kids need to do is use an Android or iOS device to scroll through the ever-growing toy library, pick a design, and press print. The open-sided design lets them watch as the parts are printed out, and then they can assemble their own toys, make gifts for grandparents, and much more. It makes it easy to understand the concepts behind 3D printing. As they get more engaged, though, Toybox has tools that let them experiment and design their own models. There are apps and tools galore for kids to begin experimenting with different designs and more complex approaches. And, as they grow out of that, they can begin uploading other models, as the Toybox is fully compatible with STL, OBJ, and g-code files. Building game pieces, constructing better dioramas for school projects, or just experimenting to see what you can print, the Toybox is a great way to get kids interested in STEM. And at $314.99, 32% off the MSRP, it's a lot cheaper than yet another visit to the toy aisle. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
"Hacker tries to poison city water supply" used to be a movie plot. Now it's just another news headline. As we become a more computerized, digital society, the need for white-hat hackers and ethical hacking becomes ever greater. Fortunately, it's also never been easier to learn how to protect the world around you. The All-In-One 2021 Super-Sized Ethical Hacking Bundle will show you how, and it's just $42.99, 98% off the MSRP. Ethical hacking has both offensive and defensive modes, and they complement each other. Offensively speaking, you've got the art of penetration testing, or pen testing. While Hollywood makes this look like a matter of strings of code, these courses will lay out how pen testing actually functions. Every system has multiple layers, from the people who use the keyboards to the wireless networks they connect to. On the defensive side, once you know what gaps lie in a system, and how to find them, you'll then learn how to seal them off. The courses include instruction on common cybersecurity tools like Burp Suite, Kali Linux, Metasploit, and OWASP ZAP, which are especially useful if you're just starting out. If you're more advanced, and perhaps know a little code on your own, there are courses that look at how Python is used in ethical hacking, offering a new perspective on coding. Finally, when you're looking for that next step on the career ladder, courses touch on both how to obtain cybersecurity certifications and how to go freelance and collect bug bounties. The world around us is only getting more complex, and that means new and potentially dangerous flaws are increasingly revealed. Whether you're looking for a career protecting the systems around us, or want to build those systems better, The All-In-One 2021 Super-Sized Ethical Hacking Bundle will show you how, and at $42.99, 98% off, it'll do it for less. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
An original by world famous street artist Banksy was lit on fire during a livestream — and promptly sold for $380,000 worth of Ethereum as a non-fungible token (NFT), the BBC reports. Ironically, the artwork, titled "Morons," is a critique of the fine art market itself. The black and white print shows an auctioneer at the auction house Christie's, the same auction that sold an NFT for $69 million earlier this week. Next to the auctioneer is a framed image with the caption: "I can’t believe you morons actually buy this." In case you need a quick primer, NFTs allow collectors to claim ownership over a digital work of art. You can think of it as a kind of blockchain-based passport or a representation of a given digital asset. It's meant to signify original ownership, even if the piece has already been copied a million times before. The trend has taken the fine art market by storm over the last couple months, culminating in digital artist Beeple selling his "The First 5000 Days" piece for a cool $69 million at Christie's. Critics of the Banksy-burning livestream called it out for being wasteful and tasteless. "It's a total stunt, playing off the fact that these things are going for big money," Ossian Ward, author of the book "Ways of Looking: How to Experience Contemporary Art," told the BBC. "You can say anything is a work of art," Ward added, "but if you burn a Banksy and then want money for it, that ranks pretty low on the art scale for me." The people behind the burning, however, call the stunt "an expression of art itself," as Mirza Uddin, the spokesman for Injective Protocol, the blockchain company behind the stunt, told the British broadcaster. "We specifically chose a Banksy piece since he has previously shredded one of his own artworks at an auction," Uddin added. Injective Protocol is already planning its next steps. "We’re already planning our next event in collaboration with a prominent artist," Uddin told CoinDesk. "Our aim is to bridge the world of traditional art with the world of NFTs. So, we’ll definitely be doing more to uphold this ethos." The burning is a great example of the versatility of NFTs. The whole concept is meant to demonstrate that art ownership can take on many different forms, including an ownership stake listed on the blockchain. It allows for a monetary value to be set for not just a physical representation, in the form of a framed painting or three-dimensional  sculpture, but something more abstract as well. There are no guarantees, however; purchasing NFTs come with some inherent risks. The cryptocurrencies used to make the purchase are likely to fluctuate wildly, as they always have done. It's still far too early to tell whether NFTs are the future of digital art collection. But when Banksys are already being sacrificed for the cause, more paintings are bound to land on the chopping block next. READ MORE: Banksy art burned, destroyed and sold as token in 'money-making stunt' More on NFTs: An NFT Painting Just Sold For $69 Million Share This Article 
As huge swathes of the West Coast are facing some of the most serious droughts the region has ever seen — almost certainly as a result of climate change — atmospheric scientists are trying to come up with solutions. Eight US states are now using a technique called "cloud seeding" to encourage clouds to form and provide drought-stricken regions with some much needed water, Scientific American reports. The technique involves releasing silver iodide particles, which have very similar structures to ice, in the air, often from planes. Once they reach the inside of clouds, they attract droplets, which then cluster and freeze as they gather. The result, in theory: more fresh water reaching the ground. The idea of cloud seeding has been around for decades, since at least the 1940s, but the practice couldn't be more relevant today as temperatures rise, increasing the risk of droughts. In fact, some researchers are now warning of increasing risks of "megadroughts" that could last for decades. "Certainly we’re in a better position now to address that question than we were 10 years ago," Jeff French, an atmospheric scientist at the University of Wyoming, told SA. "The state of the science has progressed to the point that it is a question that we can and should be trying to address now." So far, the most common use for cloud seeding has been to generate more snow. This snow precipitates in the winter, and then melts in the spring, providing millions with fresh water. "Water managers basically have two choices, and both of them are implemented," French told the magazine. "One is to somehow reduce the demand through conservation, and the other is to somehow increase the supply. And cloud seeding is a relatively inexpensive proposition." There's one big problem, however: we're not entirely sure how well it works. Experiments throughout the second half of the 20th century have yielded disappointing results. But that's not stopping states including Colorado, Utah, and Wyoming from attempting to make it rain using the technique. Some programs, according to Scientific American, saw an increase of five to 15 percent more snowfall compared to areas with no cloud seeding — yet these programs were unable to scientifically prove a causal link between cloud seeding and more snow. Scientists like French are still not entirely convinced cloud seeding would be a viable solution to droughts. But with a rapidly changing climate, it's arguably worth trying every trick in the book to save drought-prone regions. READ MORE: Eight States Are Seeding Clouds to Overcome Megadrought [Scientific American] More on cloud seeding: China Is Rolling Out an Enormous “Weather Modification” System Share This Article 
There may be far more water trapped inside Mars than we initially thought. According to a new paper published by researchers at Caltech in the journal Science today, Mars may still hold anywhere between 30 and 99 percent of the ancient water from its lakes and oceans within its crust, with less water escaping through the planet's atmosphere than previously thought. It's an exciting prospect, suggesting that most of the water may not have disappeared into space as the planet's atmosphere thinned out over the last three billion years. Back then, scientists have theorized that Mars had enough water to cover the whole planet by an ocean 330 to around 5,000 feet deep, about half of the Atlantic ocean, according to a NASA statement on the new research. Some of this water did escape into space via the Martian atmosphere — but not all, according to the researchers. "Atmospheric escape doesn’t fully explain the data that we have for how much water actually once existed on Mars," lead author and Caltech PhD candidate Eva Scheller said in the statement. By analyzing data from a number of NASA's missions, the researchers studied how much water there was over the planet's history and compared it to how much water there is in the planet's atmosphere and crust now. The researchers suggest that the two processes combined — water being trapped in minerals in the planet's crust and atmospheric escape — could account for a relatively high percentage of observed deuterium. Deuterium is a hydrogen atom which is "heavier," because it has a proton and a neutron, when compared to its "lighter" counterpart, which has just a proton. This "heavier" hydrogen is far less likely to escape into atmosphere than its counterpart. The team concluded that much of this water is trapped in hydrous minerals, something you can find here on Earth as well. This could account to anywhere between 30 and 99 percent of Mars' total water loss in its first one to two billion years, according to the researchers, with atmospheric escape accounting for the rest. Rather than being recycled back into the atmosphere through volcanism, the water trapped in minerals on Mars are drying out permanently. In other words, "water [on Mars] is now locked up in the crust or been lost to space," according to Michael Meyer, lead scientist for NASA’s Mars Exploration Program. There's a lot we still don't know about how much water there is on Mars right now, making it almost impossible to predict just how habitable the Red Planet is. But we do know that Mars was likely far more habitable billions of years ago. Most excitingly, NASA's Perseverance Mars rover is exploring the Jezero crater, believed to have been an ancient lakebed several billion years ago. "It will be right there to investigate what might have been the mechanisms that caused water sequestration in these minerals in the crust," Scheller told MIT Technology Review. READ MORE: Mars’s lost water may be buried beneath the planet’s crust [MIT Technology Review] More on water on Mars: Scientists Just Found Three More Reservoirs of Liquid Water on Mars Share This Article 
A hapless walrus had a rude awakening — it woke up on an iceberg floating off the northern shore of Ireland, where walruses do not typically live, after drifting all the way from the North Pole. At least, that's the prevailing theory explaining why the confused walrus was spotted by a young girl on her stroll, British newspaper The Independent reports. In other words, the walrus is all of us having a rough start to yet another season of daylight savings. "Myself and my daughter were out walking on the beach down near the lighthouse," Kerry, Ireland local Alan Houlihan told the Independent. "He breached out of the water onto the rocks and gave us a bit of a show." "I thought it was a seal at first and then we saw the tusks," Houlihan told the Independent. "He kind of jumped up on the rocks. He was massive. He was about the size of a bull or a cow, pretty similar in size, he’s big, big." A video taken by Houlihan shows the massive mammal awkwardly perched on a nearby rock. "He was sitting on the rock now kind of posing, at one stage there he threw up a fin and it looked like he was giving us all the birdie," he added. Walruses of this kind usually calls the Arctic home. Experts believe it may have been possible the poor animal drifted all the way to Ireland after falling asleep on an ice shelf. Kevin Flannery, marine biologist and director of Dingle Oceanworld, a local aquarium, told The Independent that it's "the first confirmed sighting of a walrus" in Ireland. "He’s from the Arctic," Flannery said. "I’d say what happened is he fell asleep on an iceberg and drifted off and then he was gone too far, out into the mid-Atlantic or somewhere like that down off Greenland possibly... He would be pretty tired and pretty hungry at this stage." Before attempting its long journey back, the walrus will hopefully get some much needed rest. "Hopefully he’ll get a few scallops around Valentia," the biologist told the newspaper. "But at this point, he wants to rest. He’s come from the North Pole, possibly off Greenland." READ MORE: Girl who spotted Irish walrus has ideas for names – depending on if it’s a boy or a girl [The Independent] Share This Article 
The rise of non-fungible tokens (NFT) into the mainstream has launched a host of important questions.  How do NFTs impact the intellectual property rights of artists and creators?  What are their long-term applications for works of art? What does it mean to actually "own" something? But there’s perhaps an even bigger question that has yet to be answered: How the hell do you pronounce NFT, anyway? I regret to inform you that I've been told we are now pronouncing "NFT" as "Nifty." — Ian Bogost (@ibogost) March 12, 2021  Indeed, with NFT recent surge in popularity, it was only a matter of time before it entered the realm of GIF pronunciation discourse. So, we decided to take to Twitter to conduct a highly scientific and rigorous survey to see how exactly folks pronounce it.  How do you pronounce "NFT"? — Futurism (@futurism) March 12, 2021  The results were… well, predictable. At the time of writing this, an overwhelming majority of the 840+ respondents said that they pronounce it "en eff tee"— which makes sense. Though "nifty" is a fun alternative, NFT doesn’t lend itself nearly as well to flexible and ambiguous pronunciations as GIF does.  (I mean, hell. GIF even has an entire section in its Wikipedia page dedicated to its pronunciation.) BOTTOM LINE: Until we start seeing talking heads and influencers boldly proclaiming otherwise, you should be safe sticking with "en eff tee."  But don't let that discourage you from living your truth. If "nifty" is truly the pronunciation that bursts forth from the wellspring of your soul when you look at NFT, then say nifty! You might end up setting a trend for the rest of us.  Though you can also truly embrace chaos and pronounce it completely differently: No. NFT rhymes with daft. — Michael Gallagher (@Gallagher4NY) March 12, 2021  Share This Article 
THE CLOSEST NEIGHBORING STAR TO OUR SUN, a small red dwarf called Proxima Centauri, is about 4.24 light-years from Earth. That might not sound like much — but even for one of the fastest spacecraft ever built by mankind, NASA's interplanetary traveler New Horizons, it'd take more than 78,000 Earth years to travel there at top speed. If we ever want a chance of traveling to other parts of our galaxy, we're going to have to go a lot faster than that. One potential workaround would be a "warp drive," popularized by the science fiction franchise "Star Trek," which would bend the fabric of spacetime to achieve travel at the speed of light — or even, possibly, faster. For the most part, warp drives have remained confined to the realm of sci-fi. But now — perhaps, and with numerous caveats — that may be starting to change. A pair of researchers associated with a little-known startup called Applied Physics recently published a paper, accepted into the peer-reviewed journal Classical and Quantum Gravity, suggesting that actual warp drives could be "constructed based on the physical principles known to humanity today." Alexey Bobrick, a PhD student from Lund University in Sweden who co-authored the paper, admits that an immense amount of work is still needed before the idea could ever be practical. "Simply put, a lot would still need to happen," Bobrick said in an email. "Before our paper, the validity of warp drives technologically, given the science we know, was completely out of the question. Now it’s just extremely difficult, but doable." "Just because we have the mathematical understanding of how to achieve something, that does not mean we have the engineering ability," he added. The ambition, though, seems real. Bobrick likened the current moment to the calculations done by NASA scientists in the early 1960s, which set the groundwork for Neil Armstrong's "one giant leap for mankind" as he stepped onto the Moon in July 1969. The idea, which Bobrick fleshed out in the paper with Gianni Martire, a tech entrepreneur who founded Applied Physics, builds on an existing concept first brought forward by Mexican theoretical physicist Miguel Alcubierre in the early 1990s. His Alcubierre Drive, a purely speculative warp drive, could theoretically allow a spacecraft to travel faster than light by contracting space in front of it and expanding it behind. There's one big problem, though. The Alcubierre Drive would require negative energy to work, and negative energy probably doesn't exist — or, at least, it isn't accounted for by today's models of physics. But in their new paper, Bobrick and Martire suggest that some tweaks to the Alcubierre Drive could make it possible — without the need for negative energy. The catch is that, unlike the Alcubierre Drive, it would be able to go fast, but no faster than the speed of light. In fact, "we can now construct a warp drive that does not require negative mass and can be built with ordinary matter," Bobrick told Futurism. "Thus we have made warp drives physical and thus have built the foundational math for warp field mechanics." Harold White, the Advanced Propulsion Team Lead for the NASA Engineering Directorate and a longtime researcher of Alcubierre Drive-like concepts, told Futurism that he isn't quite convinced by Applied Physics' paper — though, he said, the ideas in it could still have merit. "In the end, my view is that some of the same problems remain," White told Futurism after reviewing the paper, "so it is still to be determined if one might ever be able to implement the idea of a space warp." Rather than claiming outright that their drive can surpass the speed of light, Bobrick and Martire suggest the physical warp drive could be used to travel at subluminal speeds — but still orders of magnitude faster than conventional propulsion systems that exist today. White called subluminal warp a "very appealing idea," adding that if "one could achieve large fractions of the speed of light, then it might be possible to visit some of our stellar neighbors in decades rather than centuries. No small achievement!" Joseph Agnew, graduate research assistant at the University of Alabama with a penchant for warp drives, would tend to agree. "Subluminal speeds are how we've explored the galaxy thus far, it just depends on the degree to which we're talking!" he told Futurism in an email. "A good point of reference is to assume that the maximum subluminal speed is 0.99 times the speed of light (particle accelerator speeds), which you generalize to '1' for napkin calculations." That would mean, at maximum subluminal speeds, visiting the Alpha Centauri system would still result in a "9+ year round trip time for the astronauts in that spaceship, not accounting for time dilation effects and other relativity-based phenomena," according to Agnew. Other galaxies, however, or more distant parts of our own, would still require a far speedier craft. "For example, the nearest major galaxy (of many, many galaxies) is Andromeda, which is 2.5 million light years away," Agnew explained. "So if you'd like to take a vacation to Andromeda, or perhaps move there, like a settler in the old west, it would take you a year to get there at the superluminal speed of 2.5 million times the speed of light!" To Sabine Hossenfelder, German author and theoretical physicist, Bobrick and Martire's physical warp drive makes a lot of sense and could be a sensible extrapolation of Alcubierre's foundational work. Bobrick and Martire's warp drive is "basically a bubble," she explained in a YouTube video about the paper. "It has an inside region, which they call a passenger area." Inside this region, spacetime is unchanging, meaning that there aren't any changes to gravitational forces inside of it. Here's where the proposed physical warp drive concept gets even wilder: time passes differently inside this bubble when compared to the outside. "You cannot break the speed of light barrier for the passengers themselves, relative to spacetime," Hossenfelder explained. "So instead, you keep them moving normally in the bubble, but then you move the bubble itself superluminally." That could lead to some mind-bending phenomena. The drive "may slow down the time for the passengers inside it," Bobrick told Futurism. "In principle, by quite a lot. In other words, the passengers will not age fast while they travel, even if they travel slowly and far." The physical warp drive would work best if passengers were seated next to each other, kind of like a wide disk sailing through space, moving with its face forward. That's largely due to the fact that you'd need less energy to get going. "The flatter it is in the direction of travel, the less energy you need," Hossenfelder said. But before we stuff space travelers inside a pie-shaped pod and blast them off in the direction of Proxima Centauri at the speed of light, we still have plenty of other challenges to overcome. Assuming the research holds up, there would be the immense challenge of actually building a warp drive based on the work. "It's very much a case where it's an interesting concept and will have to be poked and prodded to figure out if it holds in all cases or if certain assumptions are valid," Agnew told Futurism. "I like the approach [Bobrick and Martire] took and the paper is well-referenced, but as usual, it's always important to retain a healthy dose of scientific skepticism." Another challenge may be financial. Although Applied Physics' goals are lofty, it's not clear how much funding it has — and both Bobrick and Martire were evasive about the business side of the startup. "Everything about Applied Physics" can be found on the company's about website, Bobrick said. "No other information about AP will be made to the public at this time," he added. Martire declined to say whether the company was working on a prototype of the actual warp drive. "Unfortunately at this time, we cannot make any further comments," Martire wrote in an email in which he pointed to a mysterious "More surprises soon..." link on Applied Physics' website, and made an off-the-record comment. Still, there are moments when it sounds as though Bobrick and his collaborators are imagining a near-term future in which warp travel could be possible. At one point, Bobrick suggested that the tech would be best implemented in small craft than in "massive starliners," a strategy that he speculated could "start a new age of research, a warp age." It's impossible to say, knowing what we currently do, whether Applied Physics is onto something. But perhaps, by taking inspiration from science fiction and daring to dream, humanity actually does stand a chance of finally venturing beyond the farthest reaches of our solar system. More on warp drives: Professor: Progress Toward Warp Drive Has Been “Enormous”   Share This Article 
A work by digital artist Mike Winkelmann, better known as "Beeple," has sold for an astonishing $69 million at world-renowned auction house Christie's. The work, titled "The First 5000 Days" was, according to Christie's, the "first purely digital work of art ever offered by a major auction house." "The First 5000 Days" is a non-fungible token, or NFT for short. That means it's a unique, purely digital asset that is stored on a blockchain, the type of ledger that powers cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, using unique identification codes and metadata. In other words, it's a truly one-of-a-kind digital representation of a digital asset — even if the work has been copied a million times online. It's an official claim to the ownership over the original of a given piece. That makes it fundamentally different than a simple video or image file you could download from the internet. Since the NFT itself is unique, art collectors are hoping their NFT assets will be able to hold value. They also have hard-coded information embedded in them to always make sure the piece of art can be traced back to its rightful owner — a strong selling point in the theft-prone world of fine art. The popularity of NFTs has skyrocketed in 2021, signaling that blockchain-based digital assets could become the ownership model of the future. Just this month, Canadian artist Grimes made over $5.8 million in just 48 hours from selling her "WarNymph" digital collection in the form of NFTs. One 50 second file went for a cool $390,000. The fact that an NFT has now sold for five figures at one of the biggest auction houses in the world only underlines that art collectors are taking the trend more seriously than ever before. To many, particularly those who are directly profiting off of it, the trend marks a turning point, opening the floodgates for digital artists to imbue their work with monetary value and a way to legitimately sell their work online. In fact, up until October, Beeple never made more than $100 off of a single print, according to The Verge. "I do view this as the next chapter of art history," Winkelmann said, according to The Verge. "Now there is a way to collect digital art." Critics of the rise of NFTs, however, question the trend and see it as monetizing hype surrounding digital art. It might also not be as secure as it is made out to be. In exactly the same way NFTs allow artists to sell unique pieces of art, digital works can be sold off as authentic even if they aren't. Relying on blockchain technology is also inefficient, and can be environmentally harmful. And to many others, the NFT market will always be overshadowed by the one for physical art. There's always the chance that this is all a fad that will go away, particularly when we're able to visit art collections and museums in person again once the pandemic eventually comes to a close. But the immediate excitement over a new approach to art collection has already infected the minds of some very influential — and wealthy — people in the art space. Does that mean we'll still be talking about NFTs as much as we are right now in a matter of years? That's arguably unlikely. When was the last time you heard about CryptoKitties? READ MORE: Beeple sold an NFT for $69 million [The Verge] Share This Article 
In September, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg revealed that the company was planning on releasing augmented reality glasses as soon as 2021. Now, the social media company wants to take the concept a step further. According to a new blog post by Facebook Reality Labs (FRL), the company is hoping to hook up the AR glasses to a "soft wristband" designed to read signals from the spinal cord, that can control the glasses. Here's how the system would work out in the real world. "Say you decide to walk to your local cafe to get some work done," the blog post reads. "You’re wearing a pair of AR glasses and a soft wristband. As you head out the door, your Assistant asks if you’d like to listen to the latest episode of your favorite podcast. A small movement of your finger lets you click 'play.'" The wristband captures neural input through "electromyography," a process that involves scanning for electrical signs that travel from the spinal cord to the hand. Facebook claims the signals are "so clear that EMG can detect finger motion of just a millimeter." The whole idea is to lower the barriers to entry for AR and make the experience as seamless as possible — what Facebook calls "the next era of human-computer interaction." "In order for AR to become truly ubiquitous, you need low-friction, always-available technology that’s so intuitive to use that it becomes an extension of your body," Facebook Reality Labs FRL chief scientist Michael Abrash said in the post. "That’s a far cry from where [human-computer interaction] is today. So, like [computer mouse inventor Doug] Engelbart, we need to invent a completely new type of interface — one that places us at the center of the computing experience," he added. Rather than simply clicking on UI elements on a flat screen, interacting with augmented reality poses its own unique challenges. Facebook is hoping to come up with "ultra-low-friction input" that is as basic as a hand gesture or a voice command. It also wants to use artificial intelligence to "make deep inferences about what information you might need or things you might want to do in various contexts," according to the company's blog post. Facebook is aware that the adoption of such AR devices won't happen overnight. The company is hoping to "get that interface into people’s hands over the next 10 years, even as it continues to evolve for decades to come." While Facebook's reputation should give anybody pause before they purchase any personal devices that are able to collect even more data about them, the company's ambitions could signal a new era in how technology integrates into our daily lives. How long that future is still out is anybody's guess — but judging by the fact that we're all already walking about with a supercomputer in our pockets, it's probably not too long until we accept augmented reality into our lives. READ MORE: Facebook's ready to talk about how its AR glasses will work with neural wristbands [CNET] More on AR: The US Army’s New Goggles Could Let Soldiers See Around Corners Share This Article 
NASA's Perseverance Mars rover just shot its laser at a rock on Mars. In a clip uploaded to SoundCloud, we get to listen in on the scientific instrument doing its work. "You’re listening to the first audio recordings of laser strikes on Mars," a tweet by the rover's official account reads. "These rhythmic tapping sounds heard by the microphone on my SuperCam instrument have different intensities that can help my team figure out the structure of the rocks around me," the tweet reads. "The microphone serves a practical purpose by telling us something about our rock targets from a distance," Sylvestre Maurice of the Institute for Research in Astrophysics and Planetary Science in Toulouse, France, said in a NASA blog post about the instrument. "But we can also use it to directly record the sound of the Martian landscape or the rover's mast swiveling." The SuperCam's laser is designed to study the mineralogy and chemistry of rocks from a distance of up to 20 feet away. NASA is hoping to aid scientists in finding signs of fossilized microbial life as well. "One of seven instruments aboard the Mars 2020 rover that launches this summer, SuperCam was built by a team of hundreds and packs what would typically require several sizable pieces of equipment into something no bigger than a cereal box," NASA's official description of the laser reads. "It fires a pulsed laser beam out of the rover's mast, or 'head,' to vaporize small portions of rock from a distance, providing information that will be essential to the mission's success," the description continues. The laser heats up the rock to around 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit. A special camera then analyzes the plasma released by the rocks to study their chemical makeup. It's not the first time we've gotten to hear Perseverance's fascinating recordings, taken on a planet over a hundred million miles away. Earlier this year, Perseverance shared the first-ever microphone recordings from the Martian surface. "Things are sounding really good here," the rover tweeted earlier today, with a link to the eerie sounds of Martian winds. "This mic is located at the top of my mast. For this [February 19] recording, my mast was still down so the sound is a bit muffled." It hasn't even been three weeks since Perseverance landed on Mars — and we've already been able to see some amazing results. The rover still has plenty of aces up its many sleeves, so it will only get more exciting from here. More on Perseverance: NASA May Have Picked a Place to Fly the Mars Helicopter Share This Article 
All complex aerobic life on Earth as we know it will eventually die as oxygen levels deplete in our planet's atmosphere. Fortunately, that won't happen for another billion years or so, according to an international team of researchers. But eventually, New Scientist reports, Earth's atmosphere will return to the considerably lower oxygen levels of its early history — and that will be bad news for any surviving inhabitants, including descendants of today's humans. The team, made up of environmental scientists from Toho University in Japan and the Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta say that in about 1.08 billion years, atmospheric oxygen levels will drop to below one percent. The study was part of NASA's Nexus for Exoplanet System Science, an initiative to study the habitability of exoplanets. While the study paints a dire picture for life on Earth, the results could have larger implications for how we define a habitable planet — or at least if a planet once was capable of harboring life. "The drop in oxygen is very, very extreme — we’re talking around a million times less oxygen than there is today," Georgia Tech researcher Christopher Reinhard told New Scientist. That process could occur over the span of only 10,000 years, a blink in time considering our planet's age of roughly 4.5 billion years. As the Sun grows hotter, it will cause more carbon dioxide to absorb heat in the atmosphere. Eventually, these CO2 levels will become low enough that plants will no longer be able to rely on photosynthesis, triggering a mass extinction event. This drop will "most probably be triggered before the inception of moist greenhouse conditions in Earth’s climate system and before the extensive loss of surface water from the atmosphere," the team writes in a paper published in the journal Nature Geoscience today. Filling in for the lack of oxygen, the atmosphere will see a considerable increase in methane gases, with levels rising as high as 10,000 times the amount when compared to today. The ozone will also be depleted, causing the Earth's surface to be bombarded with ultraviolet light from the Sun. While oxygen plays a crucial part with how we understand life as we know it here on Earth, the study "suggests that even for planets around other stars that are very similar to Earth, large amounts of oxygen may not be detected in their atmosphere, even if they can support, or have supported, complex life," Kevin Ortiz Ceballos at the University of Puerto Rico, who was not involved with the research, told New Scientist. READ MORE: Most life on Earth will be killed by lack of oxygen in a billion years [New Scientist] More on planet habitability: Finally, Scientists Find an Earth-Sized Exoplanet in Its Star's Habitable Zone Share This Article 
Humans, as a species, love cats, so much so that we're willing to spend thousands trying to bring back a lost furry friend. Fortunately, if you want to know more about your favorite laser chaser, and get a sense of their future health needs, Basepaws can help. And you can test your kitty for just $129.99, 12% off the MSRP. Testing your cat's DNA is as simple as testing your own. Use a cheek swab provided in the kit for five seconds and then mail it back to the Basepaws team. The swab picks up cells from inside the cheek that can be sequenced, giving a full view of your cat's unique genome. After the full process is done, and the proper analysis conducted, you get back a detailed report which includes: Breed composition: This looks at 21 breed types across four breed regions, giving you a little insight into the history of your furry sidekick and their ancestors. While this won't confirm a pedigree, it'll be a fun look at where your cat comes from, especially if they're a rescue. Chromosome map: This colorful chart breaks out exactly where your cat's genetics came from, useful both for understanding the results and as a teaching tool for families wanting a fun STEAM lesson. Health-related genetic markers: Basepaws looks for 39 different genetic markets tied to 17 common feline diseases. While genetics are not destiny, you can use this information when making health decisions, and possibly steer your cat away from health problems later in life. Wild Cat Index: Just for fun, you can see how closely related your cat is to larger wild cats. If you're curious about your cat's history, or wondering how best to keep them healthy, at $129.99, 12% off, Basepaws will give you the data you need. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The Internet is undoubtedly the greatest thing to happen to the human pursuit of knowledge since the advent of the printing press. Never before has so much information been so widely available for anyone to consume, anywhere, any time. You can literally just pick up your phone and spend hours watching incredible videos about the evolution of birds, or the nature of space-time, or how quantum computers work, or any other topic that piques your interest. It’s absolutely incredible. And yet, despite all that, there’s still something special about a book, isn’t there? Something special about the touch, the smell, the weight? About picking one up and flipping through its pages? About being engrossed and engaged without screens, cables, or batteries? Well, the folks at What If certainly think so. That’s why they decided to make a book out of their award-winning science videos. It’s called What If 100, and if you’re looking to upgrade your coffee table reading material, you’ll definitely want to check it out. What If is a popular web series that aims to inspire a passion for and appreciation of human imagination. Over the last few years, this series has produced some of the coolest and most thought provoking science, history, and humanities content on the web. That’s why they have 25 million followers across six media platforms in nine different languages, and it’s why their award-winning videos average 200-million views every month. For those who have not come across it, each episode of What If starts with a wild hypothetical question, like what if the sun exploded tomorrow? Or what if you were swallowed by a whale? Or what if we could refreeze the arctic? The show then uses real science to answer these hypothetical questions. The result is an epic journey of imagination through new worlds and possibilities, some in distant corners of the Universe, others right here on Earth. But they always examine the latest theories and research in a way that is fascinating and engaging. Viewers get hooked by seemingly wild and impossible situations that are fun to think about, while at the same time learning about the real world and universe around them. In its relatively short existence, What If has asked and answered a lot of interesting, weird, difficult, unusual, and downright bizarre questions. Now they’ve chosen 100 of them to be featured in their first ever book. The hypothetical questions asked above are just a few examples of what you can find in What If 100. Other thought-provoking hypotheticals in the book include: What if Earth had rings like Saturn? What if Earth was shaped like a donut? What if extinct animals could be brought back to life? What if we could open a portal into a parallel universe? What if plastic was never invented? What if an asteroid hit the earth? What if time travel was possible? And so many more. What If 100 was specifically created to foster a love for science and instill the kind of critical thinking and openness to new possibilities humanity will need in the 21st century and beyond. It’s perfect whether you’re looking for a gift to inspire the next generation of dreamers, scientists, explorers, engineers, environmentalists, and humanitarians, or you just want to treat yourself to a fun book and some imaginative intellectual stimulation. From publisher Underknown, What If 100 features 224 pages full of stunning concept art and a forward by renowned science communicator and professor of theoretical physicist Michio Kaku. Host of numerous science programs for the BBC, the Discovery Channel, and the Science Channel, Kaku is the author of numerous New York Times bestsellers, including Physics of the Impossible, Physics of the Future, and The Future of the Mind. What If 100 is currently on sale in hardcover and eBook formats, and purchase of the former includes a free copy of the latter. Click here to purchase your copy today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
What if we could traverse distances on an astronomical scale, in a blink of an eye, through the use of a wormhole? It's a topic rife with speculation — but if recently published research is anything to go by, traversing through an interdimensional wormhole may not be quite as far-fetched as it sounds. Two separate groups of researchers have suggested new theories as to how to make wormholes safe enough to be traversable by humans. Both papers were published today in the journal Physical Review Letters. Long used as a convenient plot device in science fiction, wormholes would connect two distant corners of the universe through an interdimensional portal — though, unsurprisingly, their existence has yet to be proven. And then there's also the problem of gravitational collapse. If wormholes were to exist, any conventional matter would end up jamming the connection up as something travels from one side to the other. That's why some theorists suggest using exotic matter to keep the wormhole open. But we may not even need exotic matter, as Jose Blázquez-Salcedo from the Complutense University of Madrid and his colleagues suggest. In their framework, matter is made up of fermions, an elementary particle that is treated by many as the building block of matter. By changing the fermions' mass and charge, Blázquez-Salcedo argues that traversable wormholes could indeed exist — but only if the ratio of the total charge to the total mass within the wormhole is larger than a theoretical limit originally set by black holes. There's one problem however: the suggested wormholes would only be microscopic and far too small for humans to traverse through. But Juan Maldacena from the Institute for Advanced Study, New Jersey, and Alexey Milekhin from Princeton University may have a solution for a much larger traversable wormhole. Their five-dimensional wormhole, as detailed in a separate paper, could theoretically allow a person to travel across an entire galaxy in less than a second, experiencing a force of less than 20 g. The only trouble is that only the person traversing the wormhole would perceive a second going by. To any outsider, the journey would appear to take thousands of years. READ MORE: Wormholes Open for Transport [Physics] More on wormholes: Astrophysicist Says It’s Likely We Can Travel Through Wormholes Share This Article 
A controversial 2018 research paper about the discovery of an elusive subatomic particle has been retracted by the reputable journal Nature, the BBC reports. The team, led by researchers from Microsoft, claimed at the time to have discovered evidence of the "Majorana particle," named after the famed 1930s Italian physicist Ettore Majorana. The particle, the researchers claimed, could make quantum computers less error prone. At the time of the discovery, the finding was hailed as a breakthrough for the quantum computing field. But unfortunately, the researchers seemingly didn't do their homework. According to the retraction published by the authors in Nature, the researchers "unnecessarily corrected" some data without clarifying, and mislabeled a graph, making it misleading. "We can therefore no longer claim the observation of a quantized Majorana conductance and wish to retract this," they wrote in Nature. "We apologize to the community for insufficient scientific rigor in our original manuscript." The team originally had proposed to create qubits, the equivalent of a single bit in a conventional binary computer, with the characteristics of Majorana particles, theoretical subatomic particles that have puzzled physicists for decades. In effect, their method would have created an entirely different way to create quantum computers, allowing for scaled down, next generation machines. But it wasn't meant to be. It now appears that the researchers did not in fact find evidence for the elusive particle. "I don’t know for sure what was in their heads," University of Pittsburgh professor Sergey Frolov who was not involved in the research, told Wired, "but they skipped some data that contradicts directly what was in the paper. From the fuller data, there’s no doubt that there’s no Majorana." Microsoft isn't dissuaded by the news. "We are confident that scaled quantum computing will help solve some of humanity’s greatest challenges, and we remain committed to our investments in quantum computing," read a statement from the company, as quoted by Wired. READ MORE: Microsoft-led team retracts quantum 'breakthrough' [BBC] More on the research: New Evidence for the Existence of this Theoretical Particle is a Step Towards Quantum Computing Share This Article 
Music is literally everywhere in the universe. Yet, making great music can be intimidating, regardless of the genre. Ableton Live helps by putting an enormous suite of production tools and filters a click away, and the Complete Ableton Live 11 Music Production Essentials Bundle ($35.99, 97% off) will show you how to maximize them. Ableton Live has its roots in the DJ scene, where the company's founders homebrewed software for their band's live performances. Where other software tools at the time were built to engineer music, Ableton Live was constructed to work like an instrument. It was one of the first software tools that automatically matched beats, allowing DJs to focus on other parts of their work. It's also built to be a production tool, so you can take your song from rough idea to polished hit without closing the window. Think of it as a more advanced version of composing hits at the piano. The bundle, with eight courses and eleven hours of instruction, starts from the very beginning, introducing you to how Ableton functions as a tool and an instrument, and how to perform basic functions. From there, you'll explore how to develop the arrangements for your song; using warping to sync music clips and samples, automating different tasks while composing, applying effects and features, and mixing and mastering. The bundle closes with two courses on music theory and songwriting, and how to apply those concepts when you're working in Ableton Live. Music production can be a complicated job, but the rewards of creativity make the effort worth it, and Ableton Live is the ideal tool kit to help you turn that song in your head into something everyone can hear. And at $35.99, 97% off the MSRP, this bundle will make composing and performing that much more accessible. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Former NASA deputy administrator Lori Garver believes that the agency's extremely expensive and overdue Space Launch System (SLS), the rocket meant to return American astronauts to the surface of the Moon, just isn't worth the money and the wait. In a new interview with CBS, Garver argued that "I would not have recommended the government build a $27 billion rocket," referring to the SLS, "when the private sector is building rockets nearly as large for no cost to the taxpayer." Waiting in the wings is SpaceX. The Elon Musk-led company has made extraordinary strides in developing its Starship rocket in recent months. Several prototypes have already taken flight, albeit with varying degrees of success. Meanwhile, the SLS's first core stage sits inside NASA's Stennis Space Center in Mississippi, awaiting its second static fire test, which was originally planned for February 25. The non-reusable system was first announced almost a decade ago and has cost the agency tens of billions of dollars over that time in development costs. In that same time span, SpaceX has successfully launched dozens of cargo missions to the International Space Station, as well as two crewed missions. Starship, SpaceX's competing heavy-lift launch system, is designed to deliver up to 100 passengers to the Moon and even Mars. The company is also still competing for a NASA contract to build a variant capable of delivering American astronauts to the lunar surface as soon as 2024. To Garver, it's not too late to send a Starship to the Moon with NASA astronauts on board. When CBS's Bill Whitaker asked Garver if NASA should "pivot and start relying on SpaceX and commercial launchers — for the moon and beyond," Garver had a clear answer: "Undoubtedly. We should've before now." But if current leadership is anything to go by, that change likely won't materialize. "I know what the timelines are for the [Space Launch System], but it’s hard to determine what the timeline is and capabilities are for the Starship," Steve Jurczyk, the new acting administrator of NASA, told Futurism last month. Jurczyk added that it's "just hard for me to determine how we would leverage capabilities like Starship and the Super Heavy that would launch Starship without understanding their timeline, their capabilities, and a lot more detail." The new acting administrator is confident NASA's long overdue and far over budget rocket is the way to go. "What I can say now is that the Space Launch System is farther along than the Starship or any other commercial [project] with respect to a super heavy-lift capability that’s purpose-built for human spaceflight missions," Jurczyk told Futurism. If all goes according to plan, NASA's SLS will launch the first uncrewed mission as part of its Artemis program around the Moon in November. A crewed mission to lunar orbit is set to follow in August 2023. But if the last couple of years filled with delays are anything to go by, that launch date is far from set in stone. And SpaceX isn't sitting idly by. After being selected as one of three companies to develop human landers for NASA's Artemis missions in April, the company won a $53 million contract in October to demonstrate an in-space fuel swap between tanks on one of its Starship spacecraft. Refueling in orbit could allow Starship to make the long trek to the Moon and even establish a more permanent presence on the lunar surface. It's still too early to tell where NASA's priorities lie or where they could shift, but the SLS isn't dead yet, despite SpaceX's recent advancements. But one thing is for sure: the United States has a massive opportunity to deliver the first woman to the surface of the Moon. Whether that will occur in 2024 or later is anybody's guess. READ MORE: NASA's new race to put a woman on the moon [CBS] More on SLS: The Head of NASA Says He’s Not Quite Sure About SpaceX’s Starship Share This Article 
Python lies underneath a surprising amount of what we use. When we filter images, use popular websites like Instagram, or play games, Python was likely what they were built on. And, it's behind the scenes, too, running cybersecurity tools, maintaining networks, and helping out in daily life. Mastering Python is key to an IT career, and the 2021 Premium Python Certification Bootcamp Bundle offers 41 hours of training for $34.99, 98% off the MSRP. Python is so popular, because, like its namesake, it's powerful and flexible. If you've studied other forms of programming, you'll get up to speed with Python quickly, and it's easy to implement in a huge range of environments. It's also good for newbies, thanks to a design philosophy opposed to clutter and obscurity. In Python, the goal is that there's "one, and only one" way to do something, so once you learn how to automate a task, filter an image, or grind through a dataset, you won't have to babysit your code. This bootcamp bundle is built for everyone who wants to learn Python. New coders can start with the absolute beginners course, that over five hours and 55 lessons breaks out the basics of Python, and can even be learned with families. You can then move on to the fundamentals of the language. If you've used Python before but it's been a while, a course breaks down Python 3 and what's changed. From there, the courses explore ethical hacking, image filtering, artificial intelligence, automating Excel files, web design and automation, and even making video games. It all wraps up with a course on getting certified as a Python programmer. Whether you want to open up a new career, or just want to understand how your phone works, Python will crack open a new window on the world. And for $34.99, 98% off, these bootcamps make it accessible to anyone. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The future isn't all flying cars, jetpacks, and express trips to Mars — it's could also be the ability to give yourself an orgasm at the push of a button. Or at least that’s what Justin Lehmiller, a social psychologist and research fellow at Indiana University’s Kinsey Institute, believes. Lehmiller, who is also the host of the "Sex and Psychology" podcast, recently gave an interview with The Wall Street Journal in which he explained some fascinating developments in the future of sex and "sextech." For example, he thinks that eventually there could be an "orgasm button" that'll give you pleasure at the tip of your finger. "There are doctors working to implant electrodes near the spinal cord to give you an orgasm at the touch of a button," Lehmiller told the WSJ. "This technology could help people with disabilities or who have trouble reaching climax. But the risk is that it becomes a crutch — rather than trying to cultivate fulfilling sexual experiences, people will go right for the climax." According to Lehmiller, sex toys will also become more sophisticated in the future. In fact, we'll even see the rise of practical sex robots.  Along with being able to address physical desires, he believes, these robots will be able to address our emotional needs as well. "Some toys will be about intimacy, not just sex," Lemiller told the WSJ. "Robots will be able to hold your hand or provide other comforting behaviors." Some examples of devices currently available are remote control toys that allow partners to provide sexual experiences at a distance, and even a pillow that "will transmit your partner's heartbeat to it." Of course, there's also plenty of dangers with all this — especially when it comes to VR sex.  "Do you need someone's consent to have sex with them virtually?" Lehmiller posed. "Another downside is we don’t know what the impact of engaging with a virtual fantasy is going to be. If someone engages in a virtual act that would be illegal in real life, will that escalate the fantasy and make them want to play it out in the real world?" There's also the issue of privacy and security, he says. After all, we might see more companies offering virtual sexual experiences. That might mean forgoing your privacy and offering up your sex data to a private corporation.  "Whatever you do in the virtual world, there will be some digital footprint," he said. "Who has access to that? What if your sex data gets hacked and revealed publicly?" So while this technology has the ability to truly benefit people's lives, the amount of ethical, privacy, and security concerns can be enough to turn anyone off.  (But hey, if you want an orgasm device installed in your spine, we honestly can't blame you.) READ MORE: How Tech Will Change Sex and Intimacy, For Better and Worse [WSJ]  More on sex: This AI-Powered Oral Sex Robot Puts the “Deep” in Deep Learning  Share This Article 
It's hard to predict the march of technology, yet it's clear that the need for IT professionals is enormous and growing. Similarly, the speed at which technology is moving makes it difficult for even the hardest-working pro to pick up the skills they need on the job. Certification courses help you advance your career, and the 2021 Complete CompTIA Certification Prep Super Bundle puts sixteen of CompTIA's best at your fingertips for just $69, 98% off the MSRP. The Computing Technology Industry Association (CompTIA) is a non-profit, vendor-neutral trade association launched in 1982. It came about, in part, because IT professionals and vendors knew that the industry was growing faster than the methods of the time, like apprenticeships and higher education, could manage. Hence, it created certification courses: exams professionals could take backed by the association that demonstrated they had the knowledge companies needed. And the need has only grown as the world becomes more networked, systems become more elaborate, and the risks involved in downtime and attacks grow. Each course takes an in-depth look at both how to pass the exam and collect the knowledge that you need. If you're just getting started in IT, check out the A+ courses, which are all about what IT support professionals need to launch their careers. There are courses on cybersecurity, both from a day-to-day basics perspective and more detailed courses if you want to specialize. If you've got a grounding in the basics, you can specialize with certifications in server architecture, networking, cloud, and more. And, if you're aiming to become CIO, there's an exam to demonstrate your project management skills. IT is a fast-moving, fast-growing industry. Even the experts know that by next year, the landscape could be totally different. Getting certified is a great way to stay on the top of your IT game, and at $69, 98% off, this bundle makes it cost-effective as well. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Virtual reality may get all the hype, but while Beat Saber is cool, augmented reality is training fighter pilots, and a whole lot more. If you're a freelancer looking to add a twist to your portfolio, a small business who wants to bring more to virtual conferences, or just looking to experiment with what AR can do, Aryel makes it as easy as drag-and-drop, and a lifetime subscription is just $69.99, 92% off. Aryel is designed to be simple to use. To start with, your customers won't need to download an app to use it. Aryel is a web platform; so as long as they've got a smartphone with a camera, they'll be able to see your work. As for how they engage, that's up to you. Use QR codes, images, or locations to launch the tool – whatever you need. Similarly, whatever you want to project for your audience, Aryel will make it happen. You can add text, video, 3D objects, audio, and more, with room for up to 350MB of assets. Not an artist? Tap into the growing digital library of assets, 300k strong and growing. It's also completely white-label, so your message and brand come through loud and clear. In addition to the basics, like how many times your work is scanned and viewed, the built-in analytics and tools in Aryel learn which devices are the most popular and for which operating systems, making it easier to optimize your campaign. Similarly, integrating with LinkedIn, Facebook, Google Analytics, Hotjar, Unsplash, and more is as simple as a few clicks. Augmented reality is a great way to make your business stand out, to explore the future of virtual art, and to stand out at an online trade show. And, with a lifetime subscription costing just $69.99, 92% off the usual price, it puts AR within anyone's reach. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
More people than ever before are trying to kick the habit of smoking cigarettes. After years of warnings, the health risks associated with tobacco have finally penetrated the public consciousness. But that doesn’t mean quitting is any easier. After all, tobacco contains nicotine, which is extremely addictive. Beyond that, many smokers have trouble leaving the ritual of smoking behind. But thanks to the hemp flower in Oklahoma Smokes, you can kick the nicotine habit without having to give up those comfortable smoking rituals cold turkey. Oklahoma Smokes hemp flower cigarettes are actual cigarettes. The difference is they contain no tobacco or nicotine. Instead, Oklahoma Smokes are rolled with all-natural and indoor grown hemp flower, which is rich in CBD oil. They're as smooth and satisfying as a regular cigarette, without any of the addictive or habit-forming chemicals found in regular tobacco. Anyone who’s ever smoked knows that at least half the pleasure of a cigarette comes from the physical act of smoking and has nothing to do with the dangerous chemicals that are found inside. With Oklahoma Smokes, you can continue to enjoy all the best parts of smoking without the nicotine and other harmful chemicals. And when used in conjunction with other stop-smoking aids, they can be even more effective at helping you get rid of your addiction to conventional cigarettes. Not only is every Oklahoma Smokes cigarette guaranteed to be free of tobacco or nicotine, they’re also double lab tested to keep out any harsh chemicals, additives, toxins, or pesticides. Research has indicated that smoking hemp flower cigarettes like Oklahoma Smokes can tangibly reduce nicotine cravings. That’s because hemp flower itself has craving-reducing properties, and they’re enhanced when consumed in the form of the familiar cigarette. Basically, with Oklahoma Smokes, you can cut back your nicotine habit without having to give up smoking cold turkey. Of course, the CBD found in hemp flower has plenty of other benefits that have nothing to do with quitting smoking. These benefits may include, but are not limited to reducing anxiety, physical aches and pains, and even insomnia. If you’re skeptical about Oklahoma Smokes hemp flower cigarettes’ ability to serve as substitutes for your traditional pack, you should know they’re specifically engineered to look, feel, and smoke just like traditional cigs, only without tobacco. Each flavorful smoke will have you feeling calm and relaxed. Apart from a slightly faster burn (owing to the brand’s special additive-free paper), you might be surprised at how closely Oklahoma Smokes can mirror the tobacco smoking experience.. Right now, you can get a pack of 20 Oklahoma Smokes for just $15.99. But you can save even more if you sign up for a regular subscription or upgrade to a larger volume. So head over to the Oklahoma Smokes online shop and get yourself a pack or a carton today. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
There's a multitude of languages, and even our devices are getting better at speaking them. But, what if you live in a world where you can't hear or speak perfectly? The All-in-One American Sign Language Bundle gives you a foundation in one of the most popular sign-based languages, and it's currently $34.99, 94% off its usual price. Why Learn ASL? To give you an idea of how useful ASL is, it's one of the most common languages in the United States. It's also been shown to improve vocabulary, spatial reasoning, and confidence in everyone who studies it. Kids, in particular, benefit from learning ASL, the belief being that looking at language through more than one lens helps cross-train linguistic and spatial skills. ASL In Daily Life The bundle includes thirteen courses – a total of 29 hours – focused on ASL in everyday life. It starts with the basics, with a full beginner course, a complete walkthrough of the manual alphabet, a series of fingerspelling exercises that show you how to more effectively sign and read signs, and to spell a word when you don't know, or there isn't, a sign, and finally, the story, Tom Loves Ruth, which uses a narrative to develop your signing and reading skills. From there, you can explore the personal side of communicating, including personality questions, emotional questions like "How are you?", colors, pronouns, action verbs, animals, numbers, and everyday phrases. The course finishes with a focus on beginning ASL for business ideal for people looking to add ASL to their resume. Whether there's someone in your life you want to communicate with more effectively, or you want to learn a new language in a new way, the All-in-One American Sign Language Bundle opens a window into a new linguistic world. And at $34.99, 94% off, it's never been easier to learn to sign. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Dear Futurism Readers — I’m James Del. For the past 4 years, I’ve been the publisher of Futurism.com — but this is my first time writing for the site. Nice to finally meet you. Broadly speaking, it’s my job to ensure that our small, ten-person operation has the means to continue supporting itself as we bring curated and original science and tech news, perspective, takeaways, and features to our millions of monthly readers and subscribers. I’m writing to you today for a few reasons, but first and foremost: Thank you. The support of our readers has been tremendous over this last year — this absolutely unprecedented, weird, frightening, incredible moment in time — and Futurism truly would not be here through all this madness if it wasn’t for all of you visiting, sharing, and discussing our work every day. So: Thanks. Again. It means the world. And our jobs. Next thing: Futurism introduced a new subscription paywall late last year. And we really appreciate those of you who’ve already signed up (which you can do right here.) Right now, the subscription is $5.99/month (or $59.99/year). Being a subscriber gets you full access to all of our articles, our archives, and an ad-free experience on the website. Some of you have (to our great surprise!) been excited to pay for the site, and support our work. Others have been disappointed in having to pay for the site. We get it. And we know asking for more money is kind of annoying, and I wish we didn’t have to do it. But we’re a small team, an independent, non-mainstream, insurgent media effort, with big dreams for the future. And the digital ad market is such that we simply can’t rely on advertisers alone to make ends meet. Your support isn’t making any rich people richer, or being spent on a fancy new office cold brew machine (we actually shut our Brooklyn office down amid the pandemic). It’s directly supporting the writers whose work you see on the site every day — it goes, directly, into the survival of Futurism. So if you appreciate the work this team does, please consider signing up for a subscription. Every little bit helps. Finally, a few of you have reached out to let us know that you love the site, but can’t afford to pay for it. I’ve been particularly moved by the number of educators and students who have reached out with stories about how important Futurism is to them. If you’re a regular reader facing either financial hardship or work in education (including students), please reach out to our customer support team. We want this content to be as broadly accessible as possible, and we trust that our readers who can afford it will do the right thing and help support that mission. In exchange, we’re here to support our readers who simply can’t right now. This is a lot of text from someone you don’t normally hear from, so I really appreciate you taking the time to make it this far. Since Futurism’s beginnings, we’ve always tried to provide a digestible, shareable way to better understand the future we’re living in. It’s my core belief that while the future can often seem scary (especially as of late), through collective understanding and appreciation for facts, science, and technology, we can better appreciate the possibilities that make the future less scary and more exciting for all of us. As ever, here’s to the stories of tomorrow, today, and may we continue to work for you, our readers, to keep telling them. James Del Publisher, Futurism.com Share This Article 
For a long time, anybody who wanted to go solar had to fork over a ton of capital up front and accept that they might never get it back. However, over the last decade things have changed dramatically. Today the cost of installing residential solar energy systems has never been lower, while the potential return on your investment has never been higher. And while the process of making the switch to solar power can be extremely complicated, thanks to companies like Understand Solar, you don’t have to figure it out on your own. Understand Solar is a third party solar energy advocate. They don’t sell solar panels, and they don’t install them. What they do is provide free personalized solar energy assessments, educate consumers, and put them in touch with local installers. To get your free personalized solar energy assessment, all you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. After that, an Understand Solar expert will contact you via phone to go over your assessment and answer any questions you may have. If you’re ready to move forward, they’ll set up in-home estimates from multiple highly-rated local installers. But absolutely no commitment is required. Your assessment may reveal that, for one reason or another, solar energy just isn’t right for you. If that’s the case, your Understand Solar representative can explain why. However, you might learn that solar energy makes so much sense for you, you’re practically losing money if you don’t go for it. The average cost of installing solar energy systems has dropped a whopping 70 percent over the last decade. Obviously, as the startup costs have gone down, solar energy systems have become much better long-term investments. However, figuring out whether solar is a good investment for you can still be very complicated. The first step is figuring out what local, state, and federal government subsidies and tax incentives are available to you. Then you have to determine how much sunlight your home gets, which determines how much solar energy you can capture with a photovoltaic power system. This depends on where you live as well as the positioning and architectural features of your house. After that, you have the most complicated factor: determining the effects of your local electric company’s rates and policies. For example, do they charge flat rates all the time, or are the rates higher during peak hours? Do they charge higher or lower rates based on your consumption? Do they allow net metering, which lets you use any extra electricity you generate and put back into the grid at a later time? What are the projected rates over the next 10 to 15 years? Questions like these will determine how much or how little money a solar energy system can save you on traditional electricity. Finally, there’s also the issue of how much value a solar power system will add to your home. Generally speaking, homes with solar energy systems sell faster and for higher prices than homes without solar energy systems. But the full value added will depend on the real estate trends in your area plus the answers to the questions above. When it’s all said and done, the experts at Understand Solar may help you realize solar energy is not a good investment for you. However, you may discover that, when you factor in projected increases in electricity rates over 10-to-20 years, all the money you’ll save on traditional energy, plus the value a solar energy system can add to your home, solar panels can be a very good long-term investment. In fact, depending on where you live, it’s even possible that an investment in solar energy could outperform traditional investment portfolios over the course of 15-to-20 years. Of course, you won’t know how much an investment in solar energy could be worth to you until you get your free personalized solar estimate from Understand Solar. So what are you waiting for? Click here now to get started. It won’t cost you a thing, but it could very well change your future for the better. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
SpaceX has finally managed to land its massive Starship rocket in one piece. Well, at least for several minutes. The 165-foot stainless steel structure lifted off at around 6:15 pm EST on Wednesday, and its maiden voyage ticked most of the checkboxes: the belly flop, the burn to flip itself upright, the landing. One checkbox, though — the "not exploding" one — remains elusive. Minutes after SpaceX cut off its official live stream of the event, a violent explosion kicked the entire rocket high up into the air, bringing it crashing down to Earth seconds later, obliterated. SN10 was no more. All that's left is a massive pile of twisted steel. But SpaceX CEO Elon Musk focused on the bright side. "Starship SN10 landed in one piece!" Musk tweeted after the prototype's demise. "SpaceX team is doing great work! One day, the true measure of success will be that Starship flights are commonplace." He also acknowledged the rocket's demise, writing "RIP" and granting it an "honorable discharge." The test launch was something we've never seen before — a testament to SpaceX's engineering prowess. But at the same time, it was the third Starship explosion in as many tests — and, as such, a sign of the rising stakes for the ambitious and expensive project. Elon Musk intends Starship to enable permanent human settlements on Mars and the Moon — and many more Starships may have to be sacrificed before the first brave astronauts step aboard one. The real question right now is how many. True to form, Musk's timeline is aggressive: SpaceX has another nine months or so to launch the first Starship spacecraft into orbit, and only two years to send one all the way around the Moon and back. SpaceX is clearly willing to throw all of its weight behind the project, launching three separate full-scale prototypes in less than four months. And already — arguably — it has plenty to show for it. But the company still has a lot of work to do, as evidenced by the latest Starship wreckage. And whether it ultimately succeeds is anyone's guess. More on Starship: SpaceX’s Third Starship Prototype Lands, Explodes Minutes Later Share This Article 
The hackers of today are becoming smarter and smarter. They're also becoming more evil. Remember the recent attempt to poison a city by hacking its water treatment plant? That's pretty freaking evil. Your digital safety is at risk, too. That's why it's worthwhile to invest in a little cybersecurity. The Deeper Connect Nano Decentralized VPN Cybersecurity Hardware offers that and more. For $199.99, this hardware creates a virtual private network, or VPN, as well as a firewall to further protect you. We use the internet to buy all sorts of junk, inserting our credit card numbers online left and right. We even file our taxes online these days, and that paperwork includes even more sensitive information, such as our social security numbers or tax IDs. You want to be sure you have the right tools to protect your identity and information. The Deeper Connect Nano Decentralized VPN Cybersecurity Hardware doesn't require a subscription like some other VPNs do. It isn't connected to any servers, either, so you don't have to worry about any stored data being accessed or leaked to hackers. For parents who are worried about ads or inappropriate content popping up for their kids, they can also filter out some of this online through the device. Digital security for the little ones is important, too. What's more, the VPN promises to speed up your internet speed. If you're not worried about your privacy, I'm sure you'd at least appreciate faster internet. This VPN started from an Indiegogo campaign that sold the idea as the "world's first decentralized VPN and firewall." Supports raised nearly $1 million to make this product reality. Now, it's available to everyone. Make the Deeper Connect Nano Decentralized VPN Cybersecurity Hardware yours for only $199.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
After a promising flight, SpaceX's SN10 Starship prototype landed gently on Wednesday evening — where it remained on the ground for several minutes before violently exploding. Four and a half minutes after launch, after piercing the clouds at an altitude of roughly ten kilometers, the 165-foot stainless steel tower smoothly flipped itself onto its front to perform a "belly flop maneuver" intended to slow its descent. It then fired its thrusters and landed gently. However, it appeared to have landed at an angle, and flames could be seen at its base. Minutes later, it blew up — like its two predecessors. BREAKING *EXPLOSION* - SpaceX Starship Prototype SN10 exploded after landing pic.twitter.com/cUHNiMSeGp — Insider Paper (@TheInsiderPaper) March 3, 2021  The landing was a step in the right direction. The prototype used its three Raptor engines to flip itself back upright before safely making contact with the ground vertically on the launch pad below. "Third time's the charm, as the saying goes," the SpaceX official narrating the official stream said, before the explosion. After the rocket landed, crew on the ground attempted to put out a fire at the base of the rocket using fire hoses. It also appeared to be leaning a little.   A first attempt had to be canceled Wednesday afternoon due to a "slightly conservative high thrust limit," according to a tweet by SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. "Increasing thrust limit & recycling propellant for another flight attempt today." Today's launch marks the third full-scale launch of SpaceX's Starship prototypes. Both of the rocket's predecessors SN8 and SN9 flew to an altitude of roughly ten kilometers as planned in December and February, but neither quite stuck the landing, ending their respective journeys in two massive fireballs. SN10 was the first prototype to use all three of its Raptor engines to slow its landing. SN8 and SN9 only ignited two of their three Raptor engines to assist in slowing its descent prior to landing, a big part of why they met their demise upon landing. SpaceX is accelerating its development pace. It took the company only five weeks between lining up the rocket at its facilities and the actual launch. SN8 and SN9 took between six and ten weeks, according to Teslarati. If all goes well, the company wants to attempt its first orbital test launch some time this year, with the goal of visiting the Moon just two years later. If SpaceX has its druthers, SpaceX will launch a crewed Starship mission all the way to Mars just three years from now. How today's explosion fits into that plan remains to be seen — but the gentle landing was a step in the right direction. READ MORE: Starship | SN10 | High-Altitude Flight Test [SpaceX] More on Starship: Billionaire Says He’ll Fly Eight People Around the Moon for Free Share This Article 
Radiation detection company US Nuclear Corp is trying to woo NASA into signing a contract to develop a fusion-powered spacecraft propulsion system that could take future space travelers all the way to Mars. In a collaboration with Magneto-Inertial Fusion Technologies, Inc. (MIFTI), a UC Irvine spinout focusing on developing a thermonuclear fusion-based generator, the company is hoping to help NASA send the first-ever crewed mission to Mars as soon as the early 2030s. "Sooner than you think, human engineers and adventurers may be building the first town on Mars," reads the company's lofty statement. Earlier this year, NASA sent out a call to companies, challenging them to come up with electric nuclear (in which thermal energy generates electricity to drive thrusters) and thermal nuclear (in which heat from nuclear reactions acts as the propellant itself) propulsion systems for its next generation of spacecraft thrusters. Relying on nuclear power propulsion would allow future spacecraft to use far less fuel and complete a round-trip to the Red Planet in only two years or so, according to NASA. US Nuclear claims that the fusion power generator being developed by MIFTI could deliver ten million times the energy per payload pound when compared to conventional chemical rocket fuels. The generator also could cut down a one-way trip to Mars down to just three months and could generate power for thrust "anywhere there is water or ice, and unlike fission, is not dependent on the ready supply of enriched Uranium," according to a statement. Fusion power also means future space travelers wouldn't have to shield themselves from the radiation being put out by a nearby fission reaction. The company has some extremely ambitious plans. "US Nuclear and MIFTI are just a few years away from building the world’s first fusion power generator which could later be used to power space travel," the statement reads. The promises should be taken with a grain of salt. Fusion rocket technologies are still in their early stages and have yet to be demonstrated. And, as a point of fact, scientists have yet to build a practical fusion power facility back on Earth. Futurism has reached out to US Nuclear Corp for comment. The company is also not alone in trying to develop a nuclear fusion propulsion system in space. A team of researchers at NASA's Glenn Research Center published a pair of peer-reviewed papers last year outlining a new method to trigger nuclear fusion in space. "Scientists are interested in fusion, because it could generate enormous amounts of energy without creating long-lasting radioactive byproducts," Theresa Benyo from NASA’s Glenn Research Center said in a statement at the time. "However, conventional fusion reactions are difficult to achieve and sustain because they rely on temperatures so extreme to overcome the strong electrostatic repulsion between positively charged nuclei that the process has been impractical," she added. In their two papers, the team described a new method that would enable fusion reactions using deuterium, a non-radioactive hydrogen isotope at room temperatures — instead of compressing or heating the isotopes to beyond the temperatures found at the center of the Sun. But such a fusion drive is still a distant dream. For one — despite the team's novel methodology — the reactions wouldn't provide nearly enough thrust. Fusion power is an elegant solution to a problem as old as space travel itself — that conventional rocket fuel will quite literally only get us so far. By focusing our efforts on nuclear propulsion, whether generated from radioactive materials or complex fusion reactions, we stand a chance to take space travel to its next logical conclusion. READ MORE: Think About Taking Your First US Nuclear Fusion Powered Trip to Mars and Back [US Nuclear Corp] More on fusion drives: Fusion-Drive Spacecraft: Express Solar System Travel Share This Article 
It is no secret that from a privacy and security perspective, the Internet is more dangerous than ever. We're constantly bombarded by popups, malware, and various other malicious software. However, apart from visible troublemakers, there are also the less visible threats. For example, while people generally don’t think twice before connecting to public hotspots, they are far from safe. Hackers can intercept the data you share via public networks, making your personal information vulnerable to theft. Not to mention the privacy threats posed by "legal" actors such as ISP, online marketers, and the government. Luckily, staying safe online is not as complicated as it seems. For example, protecting yourself with a virtual private network, or VPN, is more user-friendly than ever. And when it comes to choosing a VPN provider, PureVPN is among the best in the business. A VPN is used to secure the online traffic between your computer and a server. It encrypts your traffic and hides your IP address (think of IP address as a phone number of your computer), which makes hacking into your device practically impossible. This is quite important, as ISPs don’t provide you with any encryption at all. What’s more, some ISPs can collect and sell your browsing data to third parties for advertising purposes. If you don’t want your Internet history to become part of an Orwellian dystopia, think about using VPN. But which VPN should you choose? As VPNs have experienced significant growth in popularity, there are plenty of providers to consider. Though there are several free VPNs readily available, those can become risky. VPN servers cost, which means that VPNs also have to make money somehow. This is why they often resort to selling your browsing data to third parties for advertising purposes, which defeats the entire purpose. Though several paid VPNs exist, PureVPN stands out. With over 6,500 servers in more than 140 countries, PureVPN is considered one of the best services around. There are plenty of things PureVPN offers aside from ncryption. Some countries tend to block content for various reasons. However, with PureVPN, you can bypass these restriction. This way, you don’t have to worry about logging into your Netflix account if you’re in a country that doesn’t support it. However, it’s not just about Netflix. With PureVPN, you can access just about anything that’s on the Internet. Apart from bypassing various restrictions, PureVPN can make your Internet connection significantly faster. ISPs tend to intentionally slow down connections for various reasons. However, with PureVPN, you don’t have to worry about any blocking. How often have you received that annoying popup about cookie preferences? This is just one of the methods used to monitor your activity. However, with PureVPN, all hackers and ISPs learn about your activity is - gibberish! PureVPN uses AES 256-bit security, which is essentially a system that has become the standard for encryption. Used by various governmental and non-governmental organizations, the AES system is guaranteed to make your browsing security much safer. And best of all, PureVPN doesn’t log your browsing history, making your connection even more private and secure. Right now,they're offering a seven-day free trial, starting at just $0.99. If you're not satisfied with PureVPN, you can ask for a full refund with one click. So why wait? Click here to get started with PureVPN, now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you had the foresight way back when to invest in cryptocurrency, good on you! You know that values have skyrocketed, and while currencies such as Bitcoin certainly aren’t mainstream yet, there are forces at work to strengthen the technology (that being Blockchain) behind them. Not only does Blockchain ensure a more secure way of dealing with cryptocurrency transactions, but through Ethereum, it is also used to store and execute “smart contracts,” essentially self-executing contracts with the terms of the agreement between buyer and seller being directly written into lines of code. You'll learn everything you need to know about Blockchain with the Blockchain Certification Advanced Training Bundle. To wit, in 2016 IBM invested hundreds of millions of dollars to try and merge artificial intelligence and blockchain into a single, powerful prototype. Microsoft announced in 2017 the release of the Confidential Consortium (Coco) Framework, an Ethereum-based protocol that will allow large corporations operate on the Ethereum Blockchain.  Blockchain, as a technology, refers to a decentralized public digital ledger that records transactions across many computers. All of the information is stored in many different computers at once across the internet, and this makes it hard for anyone to break into a single computer or steal the data. This provides a way to securely and efficiently create a tamper-proof log of sensitive activity, making it excellent for international payments and money transfers. The technology can be used to decrease the cost of these transfers by reducing the need for banks. This Blockchain Certification Advanced Training Bundle offers two in-depth courses that will explain the concepts and objectives of the technology, as well as data structure and identifiers. It will teach you how to create blocks and add them to the blockchain with the help of mining. You will be given the opportunity to buy and sell bitcoins and set up smart contracts on Ethereum. You will even be taught the tools to set up your own blockchain network using Hyperledger. You'll get all this and more for only $29. That’s 96% off the $899 suggested price. (Sorry, bitcoin not accepted … yet!) You will receive 35 hours of instruction and access for one year. Don’t miss out on your chance to learn all about the advanced digital ledger technology that’s revolutionizing industry. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In case you haven’t noticed, ebikes have been taking off in popularity. Not only are they an economically and ecologically smart alternative to other forms of transportation, they’re also extremely fun to ride. If you’ve been thinking about getting yourself an electric bike and getting into the action, the Ecotric FAT20S900-MB 48V ebike is one of the very best ways to do so. Not only is the Ecotric FAT20S900 fun, easy to ride, and comfortable, but it’s also portable, eco-friendly, and very easy to store thanks to its foldable construction. The Ecotric FAT20S900 will take you almost anywhere with features like pedal assist and on-demand throttle modes. No matter what the terrain between you and your destination looks like, this ebike’s 20″ x 4″ tires can keep you moving forward through mud, snow, dirt, sand, and anything else you’re likely to encounter. But the bike is also practical enough for everyday errands like grocery store trips or other regular chores. Powered by a 500-watt electric motor with a removable 48-volt 13Ah lithium battery, the Ecotric FAT20S900 can reach a top speed of 20-miles per hour. It’s aerodynamically designed and ergonomically constructed from a durable aluminum alloy, so it’s built to last even in the face of plenty of the natural punishment that will come about from regular use. But even though it weighs in at a hefty 55 pounds, you can fold it up and store it easily in the trunk of your car or even under your desk at work, and it doesn’t take up too much space. While you’ve got the ebike at work, you might charge up its removable battery, which takes 5-7 hours to charge completely. One of the coolest features of the Ecotric FAT20S900-MB 48V is its upgraded smart LCD screen. This delivers real-time data on speed and battery power, and it also has a USB charging port for keeping your phone juiced up as you ride. Not mechanically inclined? Then you’ll be relieved to know that all of Ecotric’s ebikes are 90-percent assembled right out of the box, so you’ll be able to complete the process without too much trouble. Many people who use electric bikes describe them as instantaneous, addictive fun, and the Ecotric FAT20 is one of the best in the game. Ecotric is so confident in your satisfaction that it offers a 30-day home trial so you can test it out risk-free. It comes with free shipping and handling, and a two-year warranty built into the price. So you have very little reason not to give Ecotric a try if you’re interested in adding an ebike to your personal transportation fleet. Whether you're ready to give an electric bike a try for the first time, or you want to upgrade your current ebike with one of the very best available, head over to the Ecotric online store and order your own Ecotric FAT20S900-MB 48V ebike now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's nothing more magical than science. Well, except perhaps a microscope. That's what makes so much of our scientific discoveries possible, after all. Just recently, an international team of researchers were able to observe space-time crystals on camera. A transmission X-ray microscope made that possible. Now, we can't make that possible from the comfort of your home. But this Veho DX Discovery USB Digital Microscope with Stand will allow you to zoom in up to 200 times on whatever scientific discovery is hiding inside your home, outside in your yard, or even in your lab if you're still commuting into one. The stand is $80 off for a limited time with coupon code VEHO80. That means you'll only pay $99.95 for this cool gadget. The Veho DX Discovery USB Digital Microscope with Stand can shoot photo and video at a high-resolution. You can see the tiniest of objects—even just 1.2 millimeters. The microscope comes with a stand to help you position it on a surface, but the cradle also adjusts so that you can use it as a handheld microscope. The software that comes with your purchase makes it easy for you to record and save your findings to your computer and, ultimately, share with your wider team. Amazon customer reviews make it clear that it's a great device for the price. The USB port on the microscope allows for easy sharing to your computer screen. One user was excited to share that the microscope would make for a perfect present: "This microscope plugs into your PC, so you can see bugs, leaves, hair—even pores opening and closing on skin. Just the kind of things to fascinate kids. I'm sure it has plenty of serious uses too. It can be maneuvered into small spaces if you're looking for something, for example. Great toy for something that isn't a toy!" Make the Veho DX Discovery USB Digital Microscope with Stand yours for only $99.95. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everyone knows plants can make your home or office more beautiful. However, the benefits of indoor gardening actually go way beyond mere aesthetics. Cultivated indoor green spaces are scientifically proven to provide numerous health and wellness benefits that can make a noticeable impact on your daily life. So if you are not surrounding yourself with greenery, you could be doing yourself a huge disservice. That being said, traditional indoor gardening is not for everyone, whether it’s because you don’t have the space, or because you just don’t have a green thumb. And if that’s the case for you, and you’d be interested in an innovative new way to incorporate plants into your home or office, you need to check out Blooming Tables. Believe it or not, the idea that cultivated green spaces are good for your health is not some half-baked idea cooked up by the neighbor lady who talks to her plants and swears they love Mozart. There are actually numerous scientific studies that confirm the positive impact plants can have on our health and wellness. One study published in the Journal of Physiological Anthropology found that cultivated green spaces can reduce psychological and physiological stress and anxiety. Another smaller study found that plants can help sharpen attention and focus. And multiple studies conducted in a variety of offices and college campuses have confirmed that having plants in your workspace boosts both productivity and creativity. So the science is pretty clear: plants are really good for you. And now, thanks to Blooming Tables, you can bring plants into your home or office with living furniture. It's the perfect combination of beauty and functionality. Blooming Tables are terrarium tables that let you experience all the aesthetic and wellness benefits of plants in an entirely new way, bringing the beauty of the outdoors indoors while simultaneously turning your everyday furniture into stunning works of art. Featuring a sleek minimalist design, these incredible tables are available as desks, coffee tables, end tables, or even slim entryway tables. So how do they work? Blooming Tables have built-in waterproof acrylic tubs that let you plant succulents, vines, cacti, or even edible, highly nutritious microgreens. The glass tops are secured in place with UV resistant suction cups and easily removable for watering and tending to your plants. And on the bottom of each table there’s a simple valve that allows you to easily drain excess water so your plants don’t drown. Indoor gardens are a great way to connect to nature and beautify indoor spaces. However, if you’re looking for something more unique than old-fashioned potted plants—something more sophisticated and visually stunning that will take the decor of your home or office to another level—you need to check out Blooming Tables. They’re far more reasonably priced than you might imagine, and they could exactly what you need to create a new kind of indoor plant paradise. So click here to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Sometimes it seems like we’re facing an epidemic of sleep troubles. The modern era just wasn’t engineered with the goal of everybody getting a decent shut eye, and as a result, many of us are suffering on a nightly (and daily) basis. That means it’s up to us to try and take control of our own sleep habits.  And for many, Som Sleep is a sleep aid that might just be the perfect solution. It’s not unusual to worry about using a powerful prescription sedative for fear of becoming addicted, not to mention all the other potentially dangerous side-effects you might have to worry about. But Som Sleep was created to give users a good night’s rest with minimal side-effects, all in the form of a delicious berry-flavored drink that’s effective without being habit-forming. This is accomplished by way of the Original Som Sleep Formula, or “Som Stack,” which combines natural ingredients with green tea to give your body the nutritional building blocks of a good night’s sleep. What is the Som Stack? Primarily it’s a proprietary blend of L-theanine, GABA, melatonin, as well as water, cane sugar, erythritol, natural flavors, citric acid, magnesium citrate, stevia leaf extract, and pyridoxine hydrochloride. Your mouth’s not watering yet? Well, it also has a tasty berry flavor that helps it go down smooth when you take it about half an hour before bedtime. Som Sleep is powerful enough that it’s not recommended for use unless you’re ready to devote at least 7-8 uninterrupted hours to sleep. At the same time, it’s also gentler than typical sedatives, and you don’t have to worry about it turning into a habit. If you’re having difficulty sleeping but are reluctant to try a sedative due to concerns over addiction or other side effects, Som Sleep might be an ideal solution. More good news: Even though Som Sleep was primarily developed as a daily sleep supplement, it also has some extra nutritional value: Every serving contains Vitamin B6 and magnesium, nutrients that are both integral for the process of biosynthesis. Almost everybody could use a little help in the sleep and biosynthesis departments, and if you’ve been particularly concerned about your lack of rest, there’s really no reason not to give Som Sleep a try. And with a subscription plan, you can save 20 percent on each Som Sleep 12-pack when they are delivered to your door every. There are 30, 45, or 60 day plans available, depending on your preference, and you can cancel any time. A 12-pack of Som Sleep will cost you $29.99, but with a subscription plan, that price comes down to $23.99 per 12-pack. And unless you go for faster shipping speeds, there are no additional shipping charges for a Som Sleep subscription. So if you’re ready to give Som Sleep a try, either with a subscription or a one-time order, head over to the Som online store and get yours, now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Even though you're probably working from home, the worst thing you can do for your mental health is sit around in your pajammas. In fact, according to NAMI, maintaining a solid self-care routine is one of the best ways to take care of your mental health during the pandemic. This includes getting dressed each morning, even if all you're doing is walking from your bedroom to your new office (aka your living room). The best way to ensure you'll keep this up is by ditching your after-work comfy clothes for dress clothes made for comfort. That's where Kinetic Pants from Ministry Of Supply come into play. Ministry Of Supply is based in Boston and born in the labs of MIT. Their clothes are engineered for motion, comfort, ease of care, and sustainability. Most importantly they produce clothing that's comfortable and wearable, so you want to get dressed up even if you don't have to. Ministry Of Supply's Kinetic Pants are not your parent's dress pants. They were conceived with wearability in mind so they won't just sit in the back of your closet waiting to be worn. These pants are designed to provide unrivaled, resilient stretch that responds to your movements and bounces back wear after wear. The Kinetic Pant fits so well thanks to a meticulous design team obsessed with engineering a pair of pants for optimal performance. Each pair of Kinetic Pants is designed, built, and tested before being packaged and shipped, because Ministry of Supply guarantees all their products for life. Not only that, each pair of Kinetic Pants is designed to fit your body like it was tailor-made for you and only you. This is made possible thanks to Japanese Primeflex® polyester, which is a woven fabric that bends and stretches like a knit. So you'll feel like you're wearing sweats but look like a million bucks. Kinetic Pants are a cut above other dress pants thanks to the fabric used, Japanese Primeflex® polyester. Not only is Primeflex® polyester naturally wrinkle-resistant, but it's also water repellent. They're designed to perform under pressure thanks to a material that bounces back the more you wear it. Primeflex® uses your own body heat to release and relax wrinkles within fifteen minutes, all without the use of harmful chemicals. Plus, the material's hydrophilic interior pulls moisture away from the body, while its hydrophobic exterior evaporates that moisture. So you'll always look sharp, even if you're wearing them for multiple days in a row. Most importantly, they're machine washable so you can get away with multiple wears before tossing them in with the rest of your laundry. Did you know the apparel and footwear industry is one of the top contributors to global carbon emissions? According to data from the United Nations, fast fashion contributes 1.7 billion tons of greenhouse gases, over 8 percent of the global annual carbon output, which is more than aviation and the shipping industries combined. Ministry Of Supply believes that through science, there’s a better way to produce apparel, and they're proving it through how they do business. Zero° is Ministry Of Supply's commitment towards a more sustainable future using science to recycle materials, reduce their carbon footprint, and reuse garments. Using these techniques Ministry Of Supply plans to reverse the cost of every carbon emission they've contributed since their inception in 2012, and beyond. Ministry Of Supply's Kinetic Pants aren't just another pair of dress pants you'll avoid wearing. Think of them as the best-looking pair of athleisure you own, because you'll never feel like you're wearing anything else. Plus, Ministry Of Supply offers returns and exchanges on any order within 30 days, and returns for store credit within the first 100 days. All that, and they offer free shipping in the U.S., too. What are you waiting for? Pick up your pair of Kinetic Pants today, and finally feel good about working from home. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The unconditional love of your dog is unlike anything else on this planet. And thanks to all the extra time we've been spending at home, their company is more important than ever. According to data from the American Pet Products Association, Americans spent $99 billion on their pets last year, which nearly $9 billion more than two years ago. And if you're going to spend so much on your pet's health, why aren't you spending an equal amount on their safety? The American Humane Association estimates 1 out of 3 household pets become lost at some point, and nearly 10-million pets are lost or stolen in the US every single year. So if you don't want your pooch to become a statistic, you need to know about the Fi Smart GPS Dog Collar. The future of dog collars has arrived, and it's smarter than ever. The Fi Smart Dog Collar is made for the outdoors. It's waterproof (up to 1.5m deep for 30 minutes), dirtproof, and adventure proof--thanks to an armored aluminum face plate and reinforced internal metal armor for resistance to bites. The Fi's design ensures even the most rambunctious of dogs won't wear it out. Not to mention it's safer for both you and your dog when you're walking at night thanks to the LED light built onto the GPS Dog Collar. The Fi Smart GPS Dog Collar is the smartest dog collar ever built. In order to track your pup with accuracy and speed, Fi uses three constellations of satellites. It also uses a LTE-M cellular network to communicate GPS information, and is the first tracking collar to do this. LTE-M is a cutting edge technology for low power, long distance communications. Most importantly, the Fi Smart Dog Collar is fine-tuned for escape detection, meaning you're alerted the second your pup's collar realizes it's no longer connected to the app or your home wifi. It is the fastest, most accurate way to be notified when your dog escapes. Plus, the Fi Collar is ‘smart’ and will dynamically connect to Wifi Access Points or local Bluetooth beacons, such as your phone or the Fi Charging base, to save energy and maximize battery life. When it comes to locating your pooch, Fi's app is designed to make the process as simple as possible. Fi's Lost Dog Mode reunites you with your pup quicker than ever by updating their location in real-time and flashing the LED light in red to make your dog more visible. Although Fi's app is designed to locate your pup, it also helps you keep them in shape by using its step tracker. Not only can you customize your dog's steps goal, you can make it fun and compete with others! Fi's app also allows you to add Dog Walkers with restricted access, so you can have peace of mind when they take your dog for a stroll. Whatever happens during that walk - you'll both have access to your dog's walk history and exact location. Most importantly, the app is a community for dog owners just like you. By purchasing the Fi Smart Dog Collar you're joining the Fi pack and can discover other #fidogs nearby! Right now, you can try Fi Smart Dog Collar risk free with free shipping, 1-year warranty and 30-day GPS trial! So, what are you waiting for? Order the smartest dog collar ever built now so you can know exactly where your pooch is no matter where you are. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's never been a better time to be a mechanical engineer. From self-assembling solar panels to earthquake-proof buildings, the field is seeing enormous advances in design and materials that make for better, safer, and just cooler things. If you want to know how the stuff around you is built, and how to create it, the Complete Mechanical Engineer & Design Certification Bundle has 17 hours of training to get you started, and it's just $29.99, 96% off. Here's what you'll learn. If you've ever had an idea for a product, and wondered how to refine that ore into an actual product, start with this four-hour course. Mechanical design and product development is how a concept is turned into a workable product that can be tested, played with, and sold. Broken into 86 lectures, it lays out the process every step of the way, perfect for both new engineers and those wanting to branch out.  How can engineers put together machines that can take the stress of burning oil to drive an engine or dive underwater so deep that the slightest flaw would crush it like an empty soda can? The answer is the mechanics of materials. This four-hour course discusses how to measure the stress on materials, how to compensate for those stresses, and the mathematics behind how different materials bend and twist under different pressures.  Say something that you own is made of steel. Is it carbon steel or stainless steel? And why did the designers use that particular type, instead of another, or even something else entirely? Understanding the properties of materials is crucial to good design, and this course breaks it down to a granular level in 63 lessons across three hours. You'll learn what properties to look out for, what common types of materials are generally used, and how to choose the right materials. With new materials being pioneered, and new uses for old materials being uncovered every day, it can make the difference between an idea and a workable product. While everything you use started out as a unique prototype to be tested, abused, and refined, eventually the finished product not only had to be designed, but how it was going to be built at scale was determined. This is where design for manufacturing comes in: the science of building a product so that the parts used to assemble it can be made and assembled as quickly, cheaply, and safely as possible. In the three hours of this course, you'll get an overview of how a product transitions from that aforementioned prototype into the product you bought off the shelf. You'll also learn how different processes, like forging and injection molding, present new challenges to design, and how to best overcome them.  Sheet metal fabrication is an easy way to quickly stamp, bend, grind, and otherwise engineer parts. Yet, getting the most from each sheet while creating high-quality parts can be no easy task, even with the simplest of parts. This course will explore sheet metal work across 79 lessons, from working with it in the shop to how to use design software to maximize its potential in any shop. Why just use products, when you can understand how they're built, and even put together your own? Ideal for newbie engineers and experienced designers alike, the Complete Mechanical Engineer & Design Certification Bundle is just $29.99, 96% off the MSRP. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A new report released Friday shined a light on the growing need for the US space defense system. Researchers at the Center for Strategic and International Studies called attention to the lack of defenses to guard against — yes — threats in space, in a new report published on Feb 26. Titled "Defense Against the Dark Arts in Space: Protecting Space Systems from Counterspace Weapons," the study warns of the vulnerabilities of the United State's current satellite infrastructure that belligerent nations could potentially exploit.  While space weapons might seem like a more recent development (with initiatives such as the US Space Force), weapons have been prevalent in orbit since the Cold War. Militarization initiatives have included arming satellites with ballistic missiles.  As a result, nations have begun to invest in technology such as missiles, jammers, lasers, and cyberattack systems to take down these satellites. "What we wanted to do with this report is look at the other side of the equation," CSIS analyst and co-author of the report Todd Harrison told Space News. "Yes, we see all these threats to space systems, but what do you do about it?" The report recommends a number of ways for the US government to protect its satellites orbiting Earth—and they can be broken down into two categories: passive and active defenses. Passive defenses make our satellites and other infrastructure "harder to target or better capable of withstanding attacks," according to the report. They include things like awareness systems that warn of impending attacks and dangers to satellites.  Active defenses focus on taking out the threat directly. Think "the best defense is a good offense." It includes measures like lasers to disrupt incoming anti-satellite weapons, as well as spacecraft that physically intercept and capture threatening satellites. The report is an interesting, if slightly scary, look into the ever-growing militarization of space. With the Biden administration’s blessing of the US Space Force, it wouldn't be unreasonable to expect investment into orbital weapons and defense systems — if not the idea of them — flying into orbit a little more in the future.  READ MORE: Report: Space weapons are a fact of life, but there are many ways to counter them [Space News] More on related: The White House Says That Space Force Has Its “Full Support” Share This Article 
Every organization needs programmers — whether you're a retail operation that goes from app to warehouse to doorstep, or an industrial firm installing instrumentation and sensors through every facility to better monitor its output. Whether you're looking to supercharge your career, expand your IT skills, or change industries in 2021, the Premium Learn To Code 2021 Certification Bundle, now 98% off at $59.99, will show you how with help from some of the industry's top instructors. Every organization needs a website, but that site has to be optimized for both desktop and mobile, built with SEO in mind. Ideally, it also has a variety of widgets and features built-in. This bundle includes courses that ground you on HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python, and Ruby for web development, so you'll learn how to maintain, update, and upgrade websites quickly and easily with code-along projects that reinforce what you've learned. Courses include: Apps have become central to personal and professional lives, and, as industries like fintech expand, developing flexible, powerful apps will become a central need for businesses across the spectrum. This bundle will show you both iOS and Android applications, how to use and build APIs, and the best way to keep apps on the cutting edge. Courses include: Java is one of the most common programming languages. You'll find it behind apps, in website code, and in a host of other places. This training will show you everything you need to get started with Java on a professional level, with courses including: Python is one of the most effective and popular programming languages, found in data visualization tools, website architecture, and a host of other applications. It's also known for being easy to learn. Having a background in Python is the foundation of a successful coding career. In this bundle you'll find: Finally, you can choose some different directions to go in once you've developed your overall coding skills. Or if you're experienced in coding and want to branch out, try these courses: It wasn't so long ago that not everyone had a smartphone, voice assistants were still limited to Star Trek, and a "smart fridge" meant having an icemaker. Learning the core skills of a coding career, and adding new ones, will help you future-proof your working life. And at just $59.99, you'll have the ultimate in updated for 2021 coding training to make it happen. Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For the first time ever, researchers were able to catch space-time crystals on camera using a transmission X-ray microscope. Time-crystals aren't the subject of a corny sci-fi novel. They're the time-space progression of crystals, a solid material made up of a crystal lattice, a highly ordered collection of atoms. Time crystals not only form a repeating atomic lattice structure, they occur symmetrically over time as well — continuously rearranging themselves to periodically form their original structure. Now, an international research team — one that's a collaboration between scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems and the Polish Academy of Sciences in Poznań in Poland — caught micrometer-sized space-time crystals made out of magnons, a quasiparticles made up of collectively excited electrons spinning in a pattern, on video for the very first time. So far, observing time-crystals has been exceedingly difficult. Researchers have only been able to observe the phenomenon in nanometer-sized structures that were super-cooled to extremely ow temperatures. This time around, the team was able to observe much larger space-time crystals on a micrometer scale at room temperature. "We took the regularly recurring pattern of magnons in space and time, sent more magnons in, and they eventually scattered," Nick Träger, a doctoral student at Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, co-author of the paper appearing in the journal Physical Review Letters, said in a statement. "Thus, we were able to show that the time crystal can interact with other quasiparticles," Träger said. "No one has yet been able to show this directly in an experiment, let alone in a video." To create the video, the team beamed radio-frequency currents through a small strip of magnetic material at the end of a microscopic antenna. The resulting microwave field caused the magnetic field of the material to oscillate. These magnetic waves then created recurring patterns that repeated themselves not only over space but time as well. The researchers were shocked at how stable and widespread such time-crystals were, which may mean that these magnons could eventually make the jump out of the physics lab, and into the real world. "Our crystal condenses at room temperature and particles can interact with it – unlike in an isolated system," lead author Pawel Gruszecki, a scientist at the Faculty of Physics of the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań, said in the statement. "Our crystal condenses at room temperature and particles can interact with it – unlike in an isolated system," he added. "Moreover, it has reached a size that could be used to do something with this magnonic space-time crystal. This may result in many potential applications." READ MORE: World's first video of a space-time crystal [Max Planck Institute] More on time crystals: Scientists Observe “Time Crystals” Interacting With Each Other Share This Article 
We've all heard the complaint, maybe in our salad days of schooling, that we'll never use math in the "real world." But, come on: Stop and consider that you use math constantly. You calculate tips, pay off your credit card, make investments in your fintech apps, and more. And this all goes without mentioning the math, in the form of computer code, that unfolds all around us every day. The Mastering Discrete & Financial Mathematics Bundle, just $34.99, a 97% discount, will change that with 84 hours of content explaining the foundations of everything from splitting the check to breaking down big data. The course starts with 17 hours of education on discrete mathematics. Mathematics divides into two broad categories: Continuous, where you can theoretically just keep going, and this branch, which deals more with logic and countable sets. Over the 116 lessons, you'll learn the foundation of computer code, financial calculations, and more. What was once called "arithmetic," number theory is the pure mathematics behind the encryption you use to protect your files and why your phone can churn out calculations ever faster, year after year. In the 63 lessons across eight hours, you'll explore numbers bases, primes, factorials, and more building up to learning how this theory lays the groundwork for the science of cryptography. How do we turn numbers into visuals? In the course of these 66 lessons, you won't just learn the ins and outs of making graphs, you'll learn why they work, how we use graphs to make sense of and find patterns in discrete mathematics, and the core of data visualization. You may have heard that computers are "binary," that is, at root, everything they do boils down to long strings of ones and zeros. That means computers think in base 2. We tend to think in base 10, but we've used many other bases throughout history, and there's even more to it then and now. This one-hour course divides bases into 12 easy lessons to give you a background in why bases matter and why humans and computers use different bases. Humanity has been using pre-calculus since well before we invented calculus. Trigonometry helped us navigate the seas and survey the land, while algebra pioneered the algorithm, which underlies so much of the modern day. Over 21 hours, and 112 lessons, you'll learn pre-calculus and its practical applications, as well as how it's used in a more abstract approach. Calculus is best described as the study of continuous change and the impact of small factors on a broader system. It wasn't so long ago that this high school staple was wildly controversial, right down to arguments over who invented it that linger to this day. Fortunately, you don't have to get into the scandal to learn calc; these 93 lessons will break it down for you in simple, handy ways to master it.  The bundle closes with two courses that explore the practical side of all this abstract math. First, spend two hours learning how all this math comes to bear on markets, why discrete math matters so much to complex financial decisions, and how to use financial math for your own benefit. And finally, discrete math is key to data science, which is underpinning everything we do from social surfing to geolocation tools and more. This ten-hour course will explain the math behind it. Understand the world around you in all its complexity with The Mastering Discrete & Financial Mathematics Bundle, and for 97% off, no less. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Ever since its inception, the Internet has been growing exponentially. However, with a plethora of content comes a plethora of threats. Large-scale hacker attacks, identity thefts, DDoS attacks, and other serious crimes have become all too common. However, so have tools for staying safe online. One of the most popular methods of protecting your connection is a VPN. And rightfully so. Not only do they reduce your risk of becoming a victim of cybercrime, but they also allow you to stay anonymous and bypass regional content restrictions. And when it comes to VPNs, NordVPN is the best in the business. A VPN (Virtual Private Network) is essentially a service that protects your Internet connection and privacy online. Imagine it as a tunnel between you and other websites. That tunnel secures your data, which would otherwise be susceptible to theft or other misuses. Though some people initially dismissed VPNs as too complex, many providers have greatly simplified their services while maintaining their security. One such company is NordVPN. Starting as a childhood friends project in 2012, NordVPN has become a VPN giant, owning over 5400 servers in 59 countries. Today, NordVPN serves over 14-million users. And in 2019, NordVPN was a founding member of VTI (VPN Trust Initiative), which is a team of leading VPN providers focused on improving digital safety for consumers. So, how does NordVPN make the surfing experience better for you? First of all, NordVPN secures your data using the AES 256-bit encryption system. The system is recommended by the NSA for securing classified information. It has also become a staple in today’s cryptography, and is used worldwide by governments, cybersecurity experts, and various companies. However, you don’t need to understand the sheer complexity of encryption. NordVPN can be downloaded as an app, and only takes a click to encrypt your data. Apart from protecting your data, NordVPN makes your browsing considerably faster by bypassing ISP throttling. As various ISP’s tend to intentionally slow down your internet connection for various reasons, NordVPN bypasses this, allowing you to browse at the maximum possible speed. This means that you will be able to watch your favorite shows and browse your favorite content without having to think about the terrible connection. With the subscription to NordVPN, you can access over 5,500 servers on up to 6 devices simultaneously. Want to see blocked pages in your country? NordVPN has you covered. It offers servers in countries like Estonia, Georgia, Taiwan, Japan, and South Africa so you can bypass restrictions and browse the Internet without any limits, obstructions, or borders. NordVPN can be accessed from your mobile device, tablet, or laptop, while the app is readily available on Android, Apple Store, and Windows Store. NordVPN also covers you from possible malware or adware. Although some VPNs were notorious for selling their customers’ data to third parties for advertising purposes, NordVPN has a strict no-logs policy, meaning that your private data stays secure anyplace, anytime. But don’t take their word for it. Along with 14-million users, some of the world’s most famous YouTubers, including PewDiePie, Philip DeFranco, and Casey Neistat use NordVPN. NordVPN is celebrating its 9th birthday this year, which is why they currently offer 68% off their 2-year plan, which comes to only $3.61 a month. At that price, why wait? Get started with NordVPN now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Bitcoin started as an unusual experiment, and since then, it's grown, in boom and bust, to the point where you can buy a Tesla with Bitcoin. Getting started, though, has become complex. Fortunately, for as little as $10, you can get all the tools you need to invest, and support a great cause while doing it. Included in the bundle is: Winning is simple; just buy a block of entries, where the more you buy, the more entries you get, with a discount the more you give: You can kick in for as many entries as you want, at any value that you want. And the money goes to an important cause. Music education helps kids learn new skills and explore their culture. The Playing For Change Foundation works to ensure that everyone has access to the music of their culture, by giving local educators the resources they need to teach kids their musical traditions. Their goal is to create music education that's sustainable and grounded in the cultural fabric. Since its founding in 2007, Playing for Change has touched more than 40,000 lives around the world, and currently operates 15 music programs in 11 countries around the world. You can learn more about Playing for Change on their About page. Restrictions: You must be at least 18 years old to win. Winners must not be residents of Belgium, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Italy, North Korea, Singapore, Sudan, Syria, or Thailand. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Instead of finding one big black hole at the center of a cluster of 250,000 stars, a pair of astronomers made a very, very unusual discovery: Evidence of a concentration of much smaller black holes, causing nearby stars to move in seemingly random patterns. The discovery, as detailed in a paper published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics earlier this month, could rewrite the way we understand the formation of black holes — particularly the gargantuan ones usually found at the cores of other galaxies. "We found very strong evidence for an invisible mass in the dense core of the globular cluster, but we were surprised to find that this extra mass is not 'point-like' (that would be expected for a solitary massive black hole) but extended to a few percent of the size of the cluster," said co-author Eduardo Vitral of the Paris Institute of Astrophysics (IAP) in Paris, France, in a NASA statement. Vitral and his colleague Gary Mamon looked at years of observations of NGC 6397 — a globular cluster some 7,800 light-years from Earth — collected by NASA's Hubble space telescope and the European Space Agency's Gaia space observatory. "Our analysis indicated that the orbits of the stars are close to random throughout the globular cluster, rather than systematically circular or very elongated," Mamon said in the statement. The team suspects that the remnants of massive stars — including white dwarfs, neutron stars, but predominantly black holes several times the mass of the Sun — could be causing this near-random movement, given the velocity and locations of the stars making up the cluster. "Ours is the first study to provide both the mass and the extent of what appears to be a collection of mostly black holes in the center of a core-collapsed globular cluster," the team wrote in their paper. Clusters of small black holes could also be the source of gravitational waves or ripples in spacetime, which have previously been observed by several telescopes around the world. So how could we explain the existence of much bigger supermassive black holes at the cores of galaxies that can be several orders of magnitude bigger than the ones spotted by the astronomers? The team suggests that over millions of years, the small black holes could be brought towards the center of the cluster to form an intermediate-mass black hole, as The New York Times reports. Considering the cluster has been around for roughly 13 billion years, it's unlikely this intermediate-mass black hole will ever form. But as they say: Perchance to dream (a nightmare of small black holes forming a Voltron-like monster black hole). READ MORE: Hunting for a Giant Black Hole, Astronomers Found a Nest of Darkness [The New York Times] More on black holes: Black Holes May Devour Stars From the Inside, Like Cancer Share This Article 
A space colonization company has some bold plans to turn a specific kind of science fiction into reality: Artificial gravity. Which you may recognize from, say, Interstellar, The Martian, Halo, Cowboy Bebop, 2001: A Space Odyssey, and more. The Orbital Assembly Corporation's (OAC) bold vision? To construct a gigantic orbital space station called Voyager that can hold up to 400 passengers. And then, spin fast enough to provide them with artificial gravity, as Space.com reports — and they want to get started as soon as 2025. OAC's medical advisor Shawna Pandya presented the idea during a one hour long event on January 29. If the company can actually achieve this incredibly ambitious goal, Voyager could become the largest human-made structure in space. It will even feature bars, libraries, gyms, and a spa. OAC has at least plenty of expertise among its ranks, including NASA vets, engineers, and pilots. The company is hoping to start with sending a smaller scale prototype into orbit, 200 feet in diameter, which will spin fast enough to simulate the gravity of Mars. A giant robot called the Structure Truss Assembly Robot (STAR) will then build the much bigger Voyager station piece by piece — while in orbit. "This will be the next industrial revolution," John Blincow, founder of The Gateway Foundation and the CEO of OAC, promised during the event. OAC claims it already has commissioned a STAR prototype which will be tested in California. To say that the company has plenty of hurdles to still overcome would be a gross understatement. We don't even know if spinning up a man-made structure in space will provide the angular momentum needed to create artificial gravity. And then there's the matter of money. OAC is open for private investment until April 1, but even with the likes of SpaceX bringing down the cost of flying cargo to orbit, building a space station is arguably going to be prohibitively expensive. So far, the company has raised $1 million. But OAC has done its homework. Their extravagant vision of space colonization may not materialize within the coming decades — even if they manage to fly a single piece of its station into space before then. But at least somebody is thinking ahead of what our future in space might look like. READ MORE: Company plans to start building private Voyager space station with artificial gravity in 2025 [Space.com] More on the Gateway: A Startup Wants to Launch a Space Hotel Named After a Nazi Share This Article 
We throw away a lot of plastic, and it will stick around for decades. That includes your cotton swabs. Worse, cotton swabs aren't particularly effective at their primary job, namely cleaning out your ears. Shoving a swab in your ears just grinds the wax into your ear canal further. Fortunately, SPADE, the smartest ear wax removal system, can not only do the job better, it can do it for just $99.99, 21% off the MSRP. The ear is a marvel of self-cleaning. As you produce ear wax, also called cerumen, and it does its job, that wax is pulled out of your ear canal by new skin growth and by the natural movement of your jaw as you talk and eat, where it simply falls out. That said, there are situations where you'll need to remove wax. This is usually when the amount of wax in the canal affects your hearing, called "impacted earwax"; if you're unable to move your jaw normally for long periods of time, such as after a dental or other surgical procedure, if multiple infections damage the ear, or if water or other matter gets trapped in the cerumen. Swabs, however, aren't ideal. In fact, many methods of ear wax removal, like swabs, are a cause of ear blockages. SPADE solves this issue by offering Ear Picks in four different shapes to make it easy to remove the offending matter while leaving your healthy wax alone. There's even temperature control, so you don't have to put a cold SPADE in your sensitive ears. Another problem with swabs is you generally have to navigate by feel, and touch can be a deceptive sense. Anybody who's had a grain of sand go under their eyelid knows that touch can make a tiny speck feel like a boulder, and that can leave you wiggling a swab around in your ear, crushing down wax and doing damage, for a tiny annoyance. SPADE, though, offers an endoscope on the end and connects to your phone with an app via Wi-Fi, so you can see what you're doing. The camera has three megapixels, offering great resolution at its size, paired with six LEDs to give you plenty of light to observe. And the app has photo and recording tools, so if you're concerned, you can snap it and email it to your doctor right away. In fact, even if you leave well enough alone in your ears otherwise, if you or a family member are prone to ear infections or other issues, SPADE is a quick way to take a look inside and see what's going on. It's easy for parents and those in elder care to use, and is gentle on sensitive ears. SPADE is also built to be easy to use, in every regard. The handle is designed to be ergonomic whether you're cleaning out your own ears or seeing what's going on in the noggins of your kids. The charging base uses USB-C, so you'll have plenty of spare cables. And the battery keeps your SPADE running for up to sixty days after a single charge. Even the cap is magnetic, making it easier to keep track off and your Ear Picks covered. Swabs may be useful for applying make-up and cleaning off delicate surfaces. But they're just not engineered to go into your ears, and they're not designed for the planet. SPADE's designed to solve your ear wax problems, and at $99.99, 21% off the MSRP, you'll spare yourself the swab, and save a little money into the bargain. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In an ideal world, everybody would get all the nutrients they need, in exactly the right doses, from delicious, locally sourced, organic foods. But let's be real. For the vast majority of the human race, that simply is not possible. We can’t all be like Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen, who have personal chefs that whip up swiss chard summer rolls and pineapple cucumber gazpacho whenever they want. So many of us get the nutrients we lack in our diet from multivitamins. Or at least we think we do. In reality it’s not that simple. First off, no two bodies and lifestyles are exactly alike. The vitamins your body needs and is capable of absorbing might be completely different from the vitamins someone else needs. Secondly, most of the nutrients and minerals in generic drugstore multivitamins don’t actually get into your system because of poorly designed delivery methods. That means most of them just get flushed out of your body and right down the toilet. But it doesn’t have to be this way. Thanks to modern science and a high-tech wellness startup called Rootine, now you can create personalized vitamins and nutrient supplements based on a comprehensive analysis of your DNA, lifestyle, and blood nutrient levels. Intrigued? You should be. So let’s roll up our sleeves and talk science. The basic multivitamins you get at your local drugstore have two primary problems: it’s hard to actually get them into your system, and it’s almost impossible to tell if you’re getting the quantities your body actually needs. The first problem is a result of the standard oral delivery method, which has intrinsically poor bioavailability. That means the vitamins are flushed out of your body before they can be absorbed into the bloodstream. The second problem is a result of genetics. While the labels on all the vitamin bottles may list recommended daily values, the reality is your body may be genetically predisposed to over-absorb some vitamins and under-absorb others. The good news is that Rootine has developed solutions to both of these problems. First, they created a slow-release microbead delivery system. These microbeads gradually get dissolved and absorbed over the course of 10+ hours so that not a single microgram of nutrition gets flushed down the toilet. Second, Rootine created a system that uses nutrigenetics and metabolomics to determine exactly what nutrients your body needs and is capable of absorbing. Nutrigenetics is the study of how slight genetic variations affect the way your body absorbs and metabolizes nutrients. Metabolomics is the systematic identification and quantification of metabolites, which are the byproducts of metabolic processes in cells. By assessing levels of certain metabolites, we can get an idea of how the body processes specific nutrients. Rootine uses a DNA Test to determine how your genetics impact nutrient absorption. This test analyzes over 50 single nucleotide polymorphisms that have been proven to impact nutrient absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and receptor function. If you want to take things a step further, Rootine can also use blood test results to analyze metabolites and determine how nutrients function in your body. This analysis can only be performed by a handful of labs around the world, and it reveals nutrient deficiencies that traditional blood testing misses. While the science behind Rootine is pretty complicated, actually using their service is not. When you sign up, you start by taking a two-minute “lifestyle quiz.” Rootine then sends you an easy-to-use cheek swab DNA test. After you send it back, Rootine runs their tests, analyzes your samples, and creates a custom report with nutrient dose recommendations, all of which is shared via their secure online customer dashboard. Then they create daily personalized vitamins and ship a 90-day supply right to your door. Rootine’s vitamin packs contain 18 nutrients that research has conclusively proven to be beneficial to humans. These include vitamin B12, vitamin B6, vitamin C, vitamin D, folate, magnesium, zinc, calcium, iron, and many more. No two bodies are exactly alike. And no two bodies have the exact same nutritional needs. So isn’t it time you ditched one-size-fits-all multivitamins? Sign up for Rootine, take their DNA test, and get a bespoke multivitamins regimen created specifically for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We all know the importance of STEM education. The trick is figuring out how to get kids interested. After all, it’s not like you can reason with kids. You can’t just sit down and patiently explain that STEM instills creativity, critical thinking, and problem solving skills, or that, in our ever-changing and increasingly technological world, STEM skills will prepare them for the jobs of the future. They’re not going to understand what you’re talking about. And even if they did, kids wouldn’t care. They aren't motivated by future thinking. So how do you get kids to take an interest in science, technology, engineering, and math? You meet them where they are. And if you’re kid happens to love video games, there’s probably no better way to get them interested in STEM than the Nibble DIY Game Console from CircuitMess. Of course, kids are supposed to be covering STEM subjects like coding and engineering in school. However, with all the disruption to education over the past year, and all the uncertainty as kids switch back and forth between remote and in-person learning, chances are their STEM education has been a little lacking. So it might be time to take things into your own hands and get your kids engaged with STEM learning at home. In fact, even if you’re one of the lucky ones, and your kids’ education hasn’t suffered as a result of COVID-19 lockdowns, it’s always good to reinforce what your kids are doing at school. Regardless of your personal situation, the Nibble DIY Game Console is the perfect tool for at-home STEM learning. Why? Because it’s so fun, your kids won’t even realize they’re learning. The Nibble DIY Game Console from CircuitMess is a retro game console that teaches electronics and programming. How? By making you build it and program games yourself! That may sound intimidating, but don’t worry! This awesome project is totally suited for people without any electronics and coding experience. In fact, the recommended age for the Nibble is nine years and up. Also, you don’t have to master the art of coding video games to start playing. The Nibble comes loaded with four retro games inspired by arcade classics: Bonk, Invaderz, Snake, and SpaceRock. Once you build the console following the easy-to-understand build guide, you can pop in some battering and start playing. When you’re ready for the next challenge, you can learn to program your own games using CircuitMess’s CircuitBlocks code editor. CircuitBlocks is very similar to other beginner coding programs such as Scratch and Code.org, making it ideal for people just starting out. And all Nibble software is completely open source, and all the schematics are available for download. So if you’re already a programming wiz—or you’re planning to be—the sky's the limit! When you order the Nibble DIY Game Console, you get a box with all the components and tools you need. That includes: The Nibble console features a 32-bit 160MHz processor, 4 MB of storage, a 1.4 inch display, WIFI connectivity. It takes approximately two hours to build even with no previous experience. As previously mentioned, the recommended age is 9 and up, which means it is perfect for a group-family project. However, the Nibble DIY Game Console is obviously not just for kids and families. Anyone who loves gaming, electronics, or programming will absolutely love this kit. So if you’re looking for a fun and educational new hobby for you or your family that costs less than $100, the Nibble DIY Game Console is a must have. Order it now, because these things WILL go out of stock. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
One of the most common side effects of getting older is hearing loss, but oftentimes we're not actually going deaf. In fact, as we age, a buildup of earwax can begin to affect our hearing in ways we do not expect. According to a study published in the National Library of Medicine, ear wax accumulation can affect the hearing of almost 10-percent of people, with an even higher percentage for impaired or elderly people. Not only that, but Ear wax buildup leads to 12-million visits to the doctor and 8-million ear wax removal procedures yearly. When it comes to ear wax build-up, prevention is the best way to avoid having to see your physician. So if you don't want to end up as one of these stats, you need to know about the SPADE Smart Ear Wax Remover. It actually lets you view the inside of your ear as you clean it. Did you know cotton swabs don't actually clean your ears? Instead of pulling wax out, they push it deeper into your ear canal. This is not the case with SPADE Smart Ear Wax Remover, which is equipped with a 3MPX camera that wirelessly streams a full view of the inside of your ear to your iPhone or Android over Wi-FI. Basically, it lets you safely performe an endoscopy treatment in the privacy of your home. And thanks to its six inner-mounted LEDs, the SPADE allows you to clearly see stubborn ear wax build-up without ever sparing your comfort. The SPADE comes with EarPicks™, an expertly designed tool to scoop out stubborn earwax gently, safely, and effectively. And it does so at any depth, without missing a spot. You can also choose from four different shapes to fit inside any ear canal. And with its 3-in-1 charger, dock, and storage base, you'll never have to worry about batteries. Each charge gives your SPADE up to 60 days of use in one full charge. SPADE Smart Ear Wax Remover was designed with incredible attention to detail. Everything, from each EarPick to its temperature control system was designed to make the ear wax removal process much more effective, not to mention easier. How you use it is simple. Start by downloading SPADE's app on your iOS/Android device and pair it with your brand new pen-shaped ear wax remover tool. When the app and tool are connected, you will begin to see the camera from the removal tool wirelessly transmitted to the app on your smartphone. That's when the real fun begins. After choosing the SPADE EarPick that best fits inside your ear, you can begin to explore and clean your inner ear the right way. Inside the box of your SPADE Smart Ear Wax Remover, you'll find everything you need and more to hear clearly.  Each purchase of Smart Ear Wax Remover comes with all the necessary tools to safely and effectively remove ear wax. This includes 23+ EarPicks, which are designed to fit in a variety of ear hole shapes and sizes, a USB-C charging cable, three massage feathers, thee alcohol swabs, two EarPick rings, and a charging base. Despite coming with so many accessories,  SPADE Smart Ear Wax Remover fits neatly on any bathroom countertop without sacrificing much surface area. So what are you waiting for? With SPADE Smart Ear Wax Remover you'll prevent yourself from needing costly procedures as you get older. So click here now to help prevent inner ear ringing and hearing issues in the future with the SPADE Smart Ear Wax Remover. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Most people tend to associate jump ropes with games that kids play in the school yard. But jump rope isn’t just for kids. It’s actually one of the best and most effective exercises you can do, provided you have the right equipment and a little guidance. And the Crossrope Get Fit Jump Rope Bundle gives you all you need to be successful, and more, in achieving your fitness goals. Crossrope has completely demolished the exercise status quo in developing their jump rope fitness systems. They’ve reinvented the jump rope itself with innovations like weighted ropes and high-performance ergonomic handles to create the most efficient workout ever. How efficient? You can burn more than a thousand calories in an hour jumping rope with Crossrope, much more than other exercises like swimming and jogging. And with Crossrope’s weighted ropes, you can activate virtually every muscle in your body, from your neck down to your feet, with one easy-to-master exercise. Crossrope jump ropes are designed to be used at any fitness level, and their patented “fast clip system” lets you swap out lighter ropes for heavier ones and vice versa depending on whatever it is you want to exercise with. And the Get Fit Bundle gives you the perfect mix of light and heavy ropes to get started with, making it the ideal entry point into the Crossrope universe. Altogether, you’ll get two light ropes weighing 1/4lb and 1/2lb for cardio and HIIT workouts, and two heavy ropes at 1 and 2 pounds for full-body workouts. The Bundle also includes a 30-day free trail of the Crossrope Premium app. That means access to the full Crossrope Premium library of workouts and challenges and special features like advanced filtering, saving your favorite workouts to find them later, and keeping track of your overall jumps with Crossrope Count. If you decide to keep it, Crossrope Premium will cost you $9.99 a month, but you can also opt for Crossrope Lite. The Lite version of the app is completely free, and includes: Crossrope’s weighted ropes are engineered to be used by any fitness or skill level. Even if you’ve never jumped rope before, these tangle-free ropes will make it easy to learn and master in no time. And if you do know something about jumping rope, you already know that it’s a great way to lose weight, improve your strength, and get your heart pumping. So if you’re looking for the ideal way to incorporate jumping rope into your fitness regimen, the Crossrope Get Fit Bundle is it. So head over to the Crossrope site now and place your order today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of researchers at the University of Colorado at Boulder have developed a wearable that can tap into its wearer's natural body heat to virtually turn the human body into a battery, no lithium-ion battery required. The bendy device can shape itself to be in contact with the contours of the skin and can be worn like a ring or bracelet. "In the future, we want to be able to power your wearable electronics without having to include a battery," Jianliang Xiao, UC Boulder associate professor and senior author of the paper published in the journal Science Advances this month, said in a statement. So far, the small device can generate a single volt of energy. While that doesn't sound like a lot, it's already enough to power small-scale electronics including watches or fitness trackers.   Xiao argues the new device is far more environmentally friendly as a result of being fully recyclable. It can even heal itself, like a kind of electronic skin. "Whenever you use a battery, you’re depleting that battery and will, eventually, need to replace it," he said. "The nice thing about our thermoelectric device is that you can wear it, and it provides you with constant power." The device works thanks to a series of thin thermoelectric chips being inserted into a base made out of a stretchy composite called polyimine. Liquid metal wires connect these chips to allow for a current to flow. The concept is simple. As the skin heats up, the thermal energy radiates outwards. The device takes advantage of this flow rather than letting the radiated heat go to waste. The wearable can easily be scaled up, the researchers say. "What I can do is combine these smaller units to get a bigger unit," Xiao said. "It’s like putting together a bunch of small Lego pieces to make a large structure. It gives you a lot of options for customization." But we're still at least five to ten years out before the technology makes its way into the wearables of the future, according to the researcher. READ MORE: New Wearable Device Turns Your Body Into a Biological Battery [UC Boulder] More on electronic skin: Scientists Invent Artificial Skin That Can Feel Pain Share This Article 
The value of bitcoin fell to just over $52,000 on Monday from heights of $58,000 earlier in the week — a nosedive that could be in large part due to a tweet by Tesla CEO and cryptocurrency buff Elon Musk and a comment made by Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen. It's a reminder that the cryptocurrency is still highly susceptible to drastic changes in valuation. All it takes to topple the house of cards is a tweet by the richest person in the world. "An email saying you have gold is not the same as having gold," Musk argued in a Saturday tweet. "You might as well have crypto." Musk also argued that "like all data" cryptocurrencies are "subject to latency and error," which both will be minimized as the system evolves. "That said, BTC and ETH do seem high lol," Musk added in a characteristically tongue-in-cheek follow-up tweet, referring to bitcoin and ethereum, an alternative open source cryptocurrency. Adding to the drama was Yellen, who warned of an "extremely inefficient" bitcoin in an interview with CNBC earlier this week. "I don’t think that bitcoin... is widely used as a transaction mechanism," she said. "To the extent it is used I fear it's often for illicit finance," she added. "It’s an extremely inefficient way of conducting transactions, and the amount of energy that’s consumed in processing those transactions is staggering." She has a point. Mining bitcoin, an extremely inefficient and power hungry process that requires an immense amount of computer processing, was found to consume more electricity in a year than all of Argentina, as the BBC reported earlier this month. Bitcoin's recent volatility shouldn't come as a shock to anybody. With Elon Musk pulling the strings — his electric car company bought a whopping $1.5 billion worth of the cryptocurrency mere weeks ago — bitcoin is becoming more relevant than it has ever been. The financial sector is also warming up to the idea of transactions being made on its networks using decentralized cryptocurrencies. But widespread adoption doesn't address the heart of the issue: volatility caused by an unbacked decentralized currency. To some, Musk included, it's a golden opportunity. To thinkers like Yellen, though it's a boondoggle. And that tension is likely to persist over the following months and years. READ MORE: Bitcoin drops after Musk tweet, Yellen warns it's 'extremely inefficient' [CNET] More on Bitcoin: TESLA REVEALS PLAN TO SELL CARS WITH BITCOIN Share This Article 
British engineers are preparing to test the fuel mix that could one day power the largest nuclear fusion experiment in the world, Nature reports. Researchers at the Joint European Torus (JET), a fusion reactor at the Culham Centre for Fusion Energy in Oxfordshire, UK, began conducting fusion tests involving tritium, a radioactive isotope of hydrogen, back in December. The tokamak, a commonly implemented donut-shaped reactor design, was converted into a one-tenth scale reactor of ITER, the world's largest planned nuclear fusion research project that began assembly in July 2020. ITER is set to start operations no sooner than 2025. This summer, researchers at JET will begin experiments involving both tritium and deuterium, a different hydrogen isotope. The concept is simple, with plasma of both isotopes combining in order to release heat. The heat is the result of helium being produced, bringing temperatures inside the reactor up to 100 million degrees, several times hotter than the Sun's core. This additional heat then sustains further fusion reactions, as Nature explains. At least that's the theory. No fusion reactor has yet managed to produce more energy out of these cascading reactions than what it took to start them. JET's initial goals aren't quite that ambitious as it gears up to find the right fuel mix for the much bigger version at ITER. The researchers are hoping to sustain reactions for at least five seconds to collect all the data they need about how tritium behaves. "What we are after is physics information that we can use to validate our understanding, and then we can apply that to preparing the future machine," Joelle Mailloux, co-lead of the experiment at JET, told Nature. Making matters even more complicated is the fact that bombarding neutrons created by the mixing of tritium and deuterium will make the inner facility quite radioactive. So radioactive, in fact, that humans won't be able to safely step foot inside for at least 18 months. That means it will have to work the first time. For now, fusion energy remains an extremely elusive form of generating power. While there is considerably more weight behind efforts to make it a reality than there just ten years ago, on the small startup and international scale alike, practical fusion power has yet to materialize. But once realized, it could represent an entirely new form of virtually limitless energy — minus the risk of a nuclear meltdown. READ MORE: Fuel for world’s largest fusion reactor ITER is set for test run [Nature] More on fusion: Korean “Artificial Sun” Fusion Reactor Sets New World Record Share This Article 
Marketing collective MSCHF has decided to let a robot dog equipped with a paintball loose inside an art gallery — and it's letting people around the world take control of it remotely, The Verge reports. The campaign is called "Spot's Rampage," in a nod to the Boston Dynamics robot dog Spot, and it'll kick off on February 24. Those who want to take control of the paintball-blasting killer robot can do so via the event's website. Every two minutes, a new randomly selected person will get control over Spot. "We’ve put a Spot in an art gallery, mounted it with a .68cal paintball gun, and given the internet the ability to control it," reads the event's description. "We’re livestreaming Spot as it frolics and destroys the gallery around it." It's a fun take on an otherwise terrifying vision of the future in which killer robots come for us all. "When killer robots come to America they will be wrapped in fur, carrying a ball," the collective writes in a statement. "Spot is Rob Rhinehart’s ideal pet: it never shits," a reference to the inventor of Soylent. Spot manufacturer Boston Dynamics isn't thrilled. "Today we learned that an art group is planning a spectacle to draw attention to a provocative use of our industrial robot Spot," reads a statement posted to its Twitter account. "To be clear, we condemn the portrayal of our technology in any way that promotes violence, harm, or intimidation." Boston Dynamics also warned that any breaches of its terms and conditions would end up voiding the robot's warranty. It's unclear if those terms say anything about paintball guns. The event is a surprisingly literal — but mostly light-hearted — commentary on a chilling future in which robot police dogs patrol our streets with weaponry mounted to their backs. "It feels like five years from now, I could be walking around Brooklyn and just see one of these things with like a taser on it being controlled by the cops," MSCHF member Daniel Greenberg told The Verge. For now, that future is fortunately still many years out — that is, if it ever materializes. Spot isn't coming to get you any time soon. Greenberg admitted that "it really does nothing other than walk, to be totally honest." READ MORE: MSCHF’s latest drop lets you control a Boston Dynamics robot with a paintball gun on its back [The Verge] More on Spot: Boston Dynamics Robodog Has a Dexterous Arm in New Video Share This Article 
Update: NASA is now releasing a much larger number of RAW images from Perseverance. We have the details here. If you’ve been keeping track of the Perseverance Mars rover mission, you’ve no doubt seen the stunning images NASA has released of the landing. However, one planetary scientist has a simple question about the pictures NASA isn’t releasing: Where the hell are all the RAW images from Perseverance? It is now 2 full sols after @NASAPersevere landed, and still there are no raw images being posted at https://t.co/3dGR1OX2bO . On every previous Mars mission since the MERs landed in 2004, these pages have given us all views of the daily operations of @NASA's Mars missions. — Emily Lakdawalla (@elakdawalla) February 20, 2021  In a detailed Twitter thread, planetary scientist and author of The Design and Engineering of Curiosity: How the Mars Rover Performs Its Job Emily Lakdawalla criticizes NASA for withholding the RAW images.  The agency typically publishes many unedited images in the RAW format taken by its orbiters and rovers like Curiosity and Perseverance. The images give the public a timely look at a mission’s goings-on and can be incredibly useful tools for scientists and researchers.  Over the lifetime of a mission, NASA typically posts hundreds of thousands of RAW images for the public. For example, the administration posted nearly 400,000 RAW images for the Curiosity mission. In fact, they had posted hundreds of RAW images on the first day of the Curiosity mission alone. Now compare that to Perseverance, which at the time of writing this, has only three RAW images posted despite being more than three Earth days in. It all begs the question: Where are the RAW images? NASA did not immediately respond to Futurism’s request for comment — but we have a few hypotheses as to what’s happening, ranging from plausible to, well, you'll see: Perseverance ran out of battery. We’ve been there before. You hop in an Uber and get halfway to your destination before you realize that you forgot to charge your phone. Well, the same thing happened here only, this Uber costs $2.4 billion.  NASA is backing down from its historical commitment to transparency. We hope not — we and the public would lose a lot of valuable access to its latest scientific work. Perseverance exploded. By this point, Percy’s Mastcam-Z, SuperCam, and Navcam should have deployed using a small pyrotechnic charge. Maybe one NASA engineer got excited and packed a little too much gunpowder into the charge.  The photo department is confused. We get it. Technical specifications are hard. Perseverance has gained sentience. Skynet is live. The robot uprising is here. But alas, we can thank our lucky stars that it occurred on a planet more than 100 million miles away and not on Earth.  Martians stole Perseverance. Look, you’d get upset if a semi-autonomous rover the size of an SUV landed in your backyard too... or at least you’d want to take it for a quick joy ride. Perseverance saw something NASA doesn’t want you to see. See above.  Whatever the reason ends up being, we’ll keep you posted on the latest developments.  More on Perseverance: NASA Rover Releases First Photos From the Surface of Mars Share This Article 
According to new research by scientists from NASA and the German Aerospace Center (DLR), some Earthling microbes — and even black mold — could survive the hostile conditions on the Martian surface. The research could enhance our understanding of how Earth-based life could survive on a different planet — and could have implications for future space missions as well. In an experiment, the researchers sent microorganisms to the stratosphere, the second major layer of the Earth's atmosphere above the ozone layer that most closely represents the conditions on Mars, using a weather balloon. The container, dubbed the the MARSBOx (Microbes in Atmosphere for Radiation, Survival and Biological Outcomes experiment) payload, was kept at both Martian pressure and filled with artificial Martian atmosphere. Some layers were shielded from radiation, while others weren't. One Earth-based bug in particular weathered the hostile environment particularly well. "Some microbes, in particular spores from the black mold fungus, were able to survive the trip, even when exposed to very high UV radiation," DLR microbiologist Marta Filipa Cortesão, joint first author of the study published in the journal Frontiers in Microbiology, said in a statement. The experiment could help us distinguish extraterrestrial life, if we ever encounter any, from life that simply hitched a ride from Earth. It could even save astronauts' lives on longer trips into deep space. "With crewed long-term missions to Mars, we need to know how human-associated microorganisms would survive on the Red Planet, as some may pose a health risk to astronauts," said DLR's Katharina Siems, who also worked on the research. But microorganisms aren't always bad news, either. "In addition, some microbes could be invaluable for space exploration," Siems added. "They could help us produce food and material supplies independently from Earth, which will be crucial when far away from home." "Microorganisms are closely-connected to us; our body, our food, our environment, so it is impossible to rule them out of space travel," Siems said. According to the researcher, the MARSBOx experiment is "a really important way to help us explore all the implications of space travel on microbial life and how we can drive this knowledge towards amazing space discoveries." READ MORE: Life from Earth could temporarily survive on Mars [Frontiers] More on Martian life: Elon Musk: “Doesn’t Seem to Be Any Life in This Solar System” Share This Article 
Watching NASA’s Perseverance rover touch down on the Red Planet this week, it was impossible not to be struck by a sense of awe at humanity's scientific achievements in our race to the stars. The spectacle invited us to dwell on our place in the universe — and the countless ways in which we reach toward even the most distant frontiers. It also brought to mind a pressing question. If I were dropped in Jezero crater with a pressurized spacesuit, could I defeat NASA’s mighty rover in hand-to-hand — or at least hand-to-robot-arm — combat? In the red corner we have the most technologically advanced robot ever to explore beyond Earth. It’s bristling with sensors, armed with a fearsome drill and a laser, fueled by a plutonium power system, and ruggedly constructed to withstand the harsh Martian environment. And in the blue corner we have me, a physically unremarkable representative of a species which likes to think of itself as the apex predator of the nearby planet of Earth. In reality, I like to think that Perseverance and I would be the best of friends. The rover is a peaceful scientific investigator, searching Mars for signs of ancient life. And it’s controlled by humans on Earth, which means it’s subject to a communications delay of up to 20 minutes. But to make things interesting, let’s assume that it’s been reprogrammed to use every tool in its arsenal for maximum autonomous lethality. I wanted to know if I stood a chance in such a scenario, so I called up Roger Wiens of the Los Alamos National Laboratory, who led the development of Perseverance’s SuperCam instrument and is broadly familiar with the rover’s capabilities. Wiens suggested that my best bet might be to flip it over "like a beetle on its back." But given that Perseverance is approximately the size and weight of my first car — in a recent interview with Futurism, NASA head Steve Jurczyk characterized it as a "robot the size of a Mini Cooper" — I'd probably struggle, even with the planet’s weak gravity. One advantage I would have is speed. My fitness levels are deeply unimpressive, exacerbated by a year spent alternately sitting at my desk and rewatching old episodes of "Star Trek" from my couch. But even my dumpy, unathletic body could maintain a leisurely pace of 3 mph — enough to easily overtake the rover's glacial top speed of just 0.1 mph. Even if the rover could crush my squishy organic frame beneath its formidable wheels, it would have to catch me first. And as a lifelong specialist in avoiding confrontation, I can run away like a champ. One strategy would be to use my cunning and construct a trap. I could build a ramp from Martian rocks and sand and lie in wait for the Mars rover to investigate, hoping the steep terrain would tip it over. But Wiens isn't sure about my chances. "That might be a little difficult," he said. "I've seen a model drive right up over a rock that was nearly one meter tall." Indeed, the rover can make amazing maneuvers over tricky terrain thanks to its suspension system — called, and I swear I am not making this up, a “rocker-bogie” mechanism — which keeps its weight evenly distributed over all six sturdy wheels. It can climb over rocks and through depressions, and the chunky tread of its wheels can handle both soft sand and hard rocks. Another possibility would be to use my highly evolved monkey brain to perform a sneak attack. In the great tradition of early man, I could locate a hefty Mars rock and try to bludgeon the rover into submission. Wiens thinks that might work, at least to some extent. Most of the hardware which makes up instruments like SuperCam is custom-built to withstand the extreme forces of launch and landing, not to mention the planet's frigid temperatures. But certain components, such as the infrared detectors, are commercially built devices and can contain fragile parts. "We don't really expect any Martians to be attacking the rover," Wiens admitted. So I might have a chance at harming it, because some parts are a “bit sensitive if someone is throwing rocks or small pebbles at it,” in Wiens’ analysis. There's a glass window in front of the SuperCam instrument, for instance, which he thinks I could smash to disorient the rover. To do that, though, I'd need to get close, and that would be hard due to its keen-eyed sensors. The SuperCam instrument alone includes a camera with a zoom powerful enough to spot a human hair from two meters away, and infrared sensors for studying mineralogy via reflected sunlight, which means it could spot me in the dark. It also has a microphone, which will be the first instrument to record the sounds of Mars, so even my footfalls could betray me. The rover might defend itself by attacking me with its Ingenuity marscopter, with its whirling rotors, which NASA intends to be the first aircraft to fly on a world other than Earth. And what really scares me about melee combat is Perseverance's laser, also part of SuperCam, which is designed to fire in brief pulses of five billionths of a second, focused on an area of just a fraction of a millimeter. The laser can fire at targets more than 20 feet away with great accuracy. "It packs a lot of energy into a really small spot," Wiens explained, to turn little pieces of rock into a high-energy plasma so that the camera can detect the color spectrum they give off, revealing their elemental composition. That's awesome for analyzing Martian rocks. But it's unclear what it would mean for me as the target of the rover's ire. What would happen, I asked, if I put my hand in front of the laser? "It would make a little burn mark," Wiens said. "Don't do that." I might get some protection from the laser with my spacesuit. But the rover would have yet another weapon in the form of its drill, which is designed to bore into rocks in order to collect samples. The Sample Caching System includes a carousel of no less than nine drill bits for different types of sample, which are attached to a seven-foot arm that reaches out to drill into rock  — or, terrifyingly, into me. All told, when even one of the scientists who was intimately involved in the design of the rover is skeptical about my chances, I’m not feeling confident. That’s a chilling thought, especially when I imagine I’m on Mars and it’s growing dark, and through the thin atmosphere an ominous whisper carries — a distant whirring of gears which tells me my ruthless robotic adversary is out there, just waiting for its chance to attack. Dan Robitzski contributed reporting. More on NASA's Perseverance rover: NASA Releases Amazing Photo of Rover Parachuting to Mars Surface Share This Article 
How would you rate your cognitive function? Because if your answer is something along the lines of, “brain no work good anymore,” you are hardly alone. We’ve all been through a lot over the past year. Many of us are starting to feel intellectually and emotionally drained, and that can make it extremely difficult to stay motivated and productive. But here’s a bit of good news for those of us who are struggling just to get through the day: there is a way to beat brain fog. It’s a line of nootropics called Qualia Mind. It was developed by a team of scientists called Neurohacker Collective. And it might just change your life. (Futurism Readers: Use coupon code “PROD15” for 15% off your purchase.) Nootropics are chemical compounds that help create the biological conditions necessary for optimal brain function. Some of these compounds serve as fuel for cognition. Others modulate various processes involved in neurotransmission. They include things like amino acids, vitamins, minerals, nutrients, and even stimulants such as caffeine. While nootropics won’t increase your cognitive potential, they will help you make the best use of what you’ve got. Studies have shown that nootropics supplements can enhance cognitive functions such as reasoning, memory, alertness, focus, willpower, creativity, flexibility, and verbal fluency. So why isn’t everyone using nootropics every day? Well, most people are using nootropics in the form of caffeine, which works by blocking the neurotransmitters in the brain that produce drowsiness. This keeps your neurons firing at full speed, which makes you feel awake. But what if you could do more for our brain than simply tricking it into being awake? What if you could give your brain the nutrient-rich fuel it needs to function at maximum capacity all the time? That’s what Neurohacker Collective set out to do with Qualia Mind. Creating a truly effective nootropics supplement is not as simple as throwing a bunch of ingredients together. It requires a fundamental understanding of the complex interplay and synergy between specific ingredients at specific dosages. At Neurohacker Collective, they take a complex systems science approach to formulating nootropics supplements. That means they don’t just look to produce a certain effect in one system of the human body. Instead they take into consideration the entire ecosystem and its complex web of interactions, which is especially important when it comes to feeding the brain. The result of Neurohacker Collective’s whole systems approach to nootropics is Qualia Mind, one of the most comprehensive cognitive performance supplements on the market today. With six different nootropic compounds, seven neuro-vitamins, two antioxidants, six adaptogen extracts, five amino acids, and two choline donors, every ingredient in Qualia Mind is designed work synergistically to fuel neurotransmission, support the development of neurons and synapses, and promote neuroplasticity and neuroprotection. In real world terms, that means they should help you focus better, decrease procrastination, boost energy, overcome brain fog, and enhance creativity, while also optimizing memory and brain health as you age. Want to know more about how Qualia Mind works? No problem. Neurohacker Collective is 100-percent committed to science and transparency. Their team is made up of top scientists in the fields of complex-systems modeling, neurobiology, and organic chemistry, plus dozens of PhDs and medical doctors. But they don’t keep their formulas a secret. Not only does Neurohacker Collective tell you every single ingredient in their products, but they also publish all of their research, explaining in painstaking detail the science behind each one. Qualia Mind is specifically formulated to fuel cognition and promote long term brain health. But if you’re worried it won’t work for you, don’t be. Neurohacker Collective offers a 100-day money back guarantee, and your first purchase comes with free before-and-after cognitive assessments from Cambridge Brain Sciences. If you aren’t completely satisfied, just contact Neurohacker Collective for a full refund. Each bottle contains 154 capsules, which constitutes a 28-day supply when taking the recommended dose. New subscribers get 50-percent off the first order, plus 14-percent off all subsequent orders. (Don't Forget: Use coupon code "PROD15" for 15% off your purchase.) If coffee and energy drinks just aren’t doing the trick, maybe it’s time to try feeding your brain the nutrients it needs to function at maximum capacity. So take a look at Qualia Mind. Read about the ingredients. Check out the research. Then give it a try. You’ve got absolutely nothing to lose, and only energy, focus, and mental clarity gain. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When you use Siri, or predictive text on your email, or have something snagged in your spam filter, you can thank Enron. No, really: In 2003, California regulators released the Enron Corpus, half a million email messages from senior management at the disgraced energy company. Everything from flirty messages to spam was just dumped onto the internet. That's set the tone for email privacy, unfortunately. Between data breaches and questionable information sharing policies, it feels like everyone's reading your email. Fortunately, StartMail, from the team behind the 64-million-user-strong encrypted search engine StartPage, can keep your email private with ease, and for a limited time, you can get a year's subscription for just $29.99, 49% off the usual price. It is true that your email is technically encrypted, using Transport Layer Security (TLS.) And that's fine as far as it goes, but there are several vulnerabilities in standard email clients that can compromise your privacy. The email addresses: Run your email address through a search engine, and you might be surprised at the results that come back. The same is true for anyone you email. Even a clever username isn't secure, as former FBI director James Comey learned the hard way when his Twitter was uncovered by a curious journalist. The inboxes: Anybody who penetrates networks for a living, white hat or black hat, knows that the weakest link in the chain is us. Usually, there's just a password between strangers and your inbox, and you're counting on everyone you correspond with to have as strong of a password as you do. The servers: Computers can't read the intent of servers. "Man in the middle" attacks can sit between you and your recipients, reading everything you send. The providers: Many free email accounts may include provisions that compromise your privacy to some degree. For example, they may promise not to share any identifying information, but that just means they'll anonymize your data before using it. And "deanonymization" is only becoming more common. StartMail addresses these problems with a number of different tools. Easy-to-use: StartMail is designed to work with the email clients you already have, with IMAP/STMP compatibility, no software to download or install, and no requirements to use a specific domain. You can set up your personal website for secure mail, using your own domain. Legal protections: StartMail is located in the Netherlands, and as such complies with the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, one of the strongest privacy laws in the world. In addition, Dutch law has strict privacy requirements, adding an extra layer of security. Disposable email addresses: Whether you just want to read an article without getting more spam, or want to talk with someone from a dating app without exposing more data than you're comfortable with, StartMail offers disposable email addresses that can be used once or for up to two weeks. And there's no limit on the email addresses you can use, so you can keep multiples running and shut them down at your convenience. Simple encryption options: When you send an email to another StartMail user, it's automatically encrypted from "end to end." In other words, even if they wanted to (and they don't), the StartMail team couldn't read your messages. For emails to users not on StartMail, you can either use public-key encryption or have an email sent from StartMail that they can only open with a password that you can send via another channel. Protecting your privacy should be easy. For just $29.99, StartMail will help keep your privacy to yourself for an entire year. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
2020 was a year of involuntary social experiments, from drastic emissions reductions to using Google to track public health trends. Yet the one we'll probably remember the most is the toll the year took on education. Around the world, people had to switch to new forms of teaching and learning, many of them involving videoconferencing, instructional videos, and other uses of screens. Knowable is aiming for a different take, one that puts audio first. And you can sign up for a lifetime subscription for just $59.99, or 75% off. You've probably heard the term "visual learner," but you may not know that it comes from a theory that there are four basic learning styles: Visual, auditory, read/write, and kinesthetic. Similarly, the idea that we all have only one learning style isn't quite true. In fact, while researchers and scientists are debating which models to use, one point that's widely accepted is there's no one type of learning style and that almost all of us can benefit from a mix of different approaches. While our personal preference may prioritize one method more than another, almost everyone can use each style to continue their education in some way. This shifts how we can approach learning, particularly lifelong learning and self-improvement. Even if you think of yourself as a specific type of learner, you can still derive a lot from using different techniques. Stop and consider how many situations where you use your eyes but not your ears: Working out, cleaning the house, meal prep, commuting, waiting in line. The advantage of Knowable is that it brings exclusive educational audio to you when you can listen. Knowable is built as an audio learning platform with a library of courses taught by experts, carefully recorded and mixed to offer an immersive learning experience. It's specifically geared towards lifelong learners who want to boost their careers, find inspiration, and learn new things. Courses are concise and structured like a class, with none of the digressions you'll find in podcasts. And each course has a detailed breakdown of what's taught in each lesson, so you can see what each course involves. Here are just a few courses on the platform: Nor are classes the only materials offered on Knowable. Dr. Winter's class, for example, includes four hours of lessons, 13 hours of supplementary material for you to learn more about the topics discussed, guided meditations, bedtime stories, and sleep playlists to help you drift off. It also includes curated resources so you're not stuck Googling to learn more, a companion e-textbook, and a glossary of terms and lesson summaries so you can refer back without scrubbing through the audio. Continuing to learn makes us more thoughtful, more informed, and better as team members, family members, and friends. Knowable adds a powerful educational tool to that mix, and at $59.99 for a lifetime subscription, you'll never run out of ways to broaden your horizons with this audio learning platform. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's the dead of winter, it's freezing, and you haven't felt the warm kiss of the sun on your skin for longer than you can remember. Even though it won't last forever, the effect it has on your mental and physical well-being can add up. According to Psychology Today, it's estimated that Seasonal Affective Disorder affects 10 million Americans. With another 10-to-20 percentof people suffering from a more mild form. One of the best ways to combat Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) is with the use of infrared saunas. But luckily, if you don't have the room (or they money) for a sauna, HigherDOSE's Infrared Sauna Blanket can help. For years, people have used a deep, productive sweat to naturally and effectively rid the body of pollutants while simultaneously giving them an intense energy boost. Traditional saunas have aided in this process, but the intense 200+ degree heat can be too much. Thankfully, infrared sauna technology can accomplish more with less intense heat. So if you're one of the 10-million Americans mentioned above, you should know about HigherDOSE's Infrared Sauna Blanket V3. The Infrared Sauna Blanket V3 allows you to bring the benefits of infrared light therapy wherever you may go because it's light-weight and easy to store! Most importantly, it's also a fraction of the cost of bringing home traditional infrared saunas, and is perfect for people looking to continue their infrared treatments while stuck inside during the pandemic. The V3 is designed to increase the body’s thermal energy and promote a temporary increase in blood flow – so you sweat like you’re working out, even though you're not. To imitate the HigherDOSE experience, the V3 is designed to match the quality of treatment clients get when they set foot into the famous New York City spa. To do this, the V3 includes layers of charcoal, crystals, and clay (which generate negative ions); low EMF infrared heat; and non-toxic premium fabrics. Resulting in the kind of detoxifying sweat that will leave you feeling lighter and more relaxed, with glowing skin and less pain and soreness overall. HigherDOSE started as an infrared wellness spa founded by Lauren Berlingeri and Katie Kaps.  These two seekers of natural highs believe the key to the “high life” is found through future-focused health therapies (like infrared) that ups your natural DOSE of happiness chemicals, aka serotonin, dopamine, oxytocin, and endorphins. However, they wanted users to be able to bring the high life home with them, which is how they conceived of the original "sauna blanket." Thanks to input from Dr. Raleigh Duncan of Clearlight Infrared, HigherDose launched the prototype for their sauna blanket in 2017. Since then, they've worked tirelessly to fine tune their spa experience for at-home use, resulting in the Infrared Sauna Blanket V3. Infrared light used in Infrared Sauna Blanket V3  travels via wavelengths that can't be seen with the human eye. However, the heat produced through this process penetrates the skin, raising the core body temperature and setting off intense cellular healing. This occurs because the power of the infrared light is used to heat your body without raising the temperature of the air around you. The way infrared heat works pulls heavy metals, radiation, and environmental pollutants out of fat cells. It is also known to detoxify the body seven-times more than traditional saunas. Additionally, it assists with mood regulation, weight loss, relaxation, burning calories, pain relief, anti-aging, skin purification, cell health, and improved circulation. HigherDOSE offers a one-year limited warranty and payment plans to make detoxifying your body even more accessible. So what are you waiting for? Say goodbye to SAD and replace it with deep sleep and glowing skin by purchasing HigherDOSE's Infrared Sauna Blanket V3 now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's harder than ever to get a good night's sleep. Thanks to the pandemic, almost everyone's life has been impacted. It's taken a toll on our work, home, family life--and subsequently the quality of our sleep.  A report out of the National Institutes of Health reveals that Coronasomnia, the loss of sleep due to pandemic-related stress, has resulted in a nearly 40-percent increase in clinical insomnia. Luckily, the Yana Sleep Body Pillow can help. Coronasomnia is a very real problem. But the solution for getting back into a regular sleep routine might be as simple as getting more comfortable. According to Harvard Health, creating a pleasant environment so your body and brain can finally relax can help put an end to sleepless nights. So if you're one of the people affected by Coronasomnia, you should know about the Yana Sleep Body Pillow. Nothing will transform your sleep routine like the Yana Sleep Body Pillow. This luxurious, organic sleep pillow wraps around your body & contours to your curves. It's designed this way so you can fall asleep feeling held & wake up feeling transformed. In order to truly adjust and perfectly fit your body, your Yana Sleep Body Pillow's all-natural filling is made from shredded latex, with a firmness that you can customize. That's because Yana's inner pillow has a zipper, so you can open it up and remove the shredded latex until the density is exactly what your body needs to be comfortable. Not only that, Yana's pillow cover is double-sided, removable and washable, and made from organic cotton & bamboo velour. The Yana Sleep Body Pillow is designed with the intention of perfecting the art and science of the sleep you get each night so you can wake up each morning ready to take on the day. That's because it's ergonomically designed to promote deep transformative sleep. Additionally, Yana's made from luxe, organic materials that naturally contour to your body & keep you cool through the night. It let's you say goodbye to uncomfortable tossing and turning, and gross night sweats. Most importantly, Yana was designed with more than one person in mind. If you're looking for comfort that won't sacrifice cuddling, the Yana's got your back. It fits comfortably in a queen bed for 1 to 2 people. Regardless if it's just you or you and someone you love, the Yana Sleep Body Pillow will help you feel swaddled and safe so you'll sleep like a baby. The Yana Sleep Pillow is built to last. Even though it's generally a low-maintenance self-care item, it will need attention to keep it in optimal shape for your sleeping needs. The Yana's pillow cover should be washed in cold to warm water with a gentle detergent. It's also best to wash it on a gentle cycle to preserve the cover's integrity for years to come. When replacing the case, do so slowly and gently, like you're pulling on a stocking. This will prevent any unwanted stretching of the Yana's cover. As for the Yana's inner pillow, it's recommended to spot clean it as necessary. But for bigger jobs, take it to the dry cleaners and have it cleaned professionally. The Yana Sleep Body Pillow even offers financing so you can start your deep sleep journey right now. What are you waiting for? Too many people gamble on a good night’s rest. Choose the shape of effortless, elevated sleep, and click here to buy your Yana Body Pillow today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
After US president Joe Biden signed an executive order almost a month ago to move the United States toward rejoining the Paris climate agreement, the country formally reentered the international pact today, as Scientific American reports. The reentry signals the start of a lengthy process of drafting new emissions pledges. Biden called for an international climate summit on April 22, which falls on Earth Day, so the pressure is on to come up with 2030 carbon goals. The Paris Agreement is a United Nations framework established in 2016 that requires member countries around the world to do their best to keep the increase in global temperatures to below two degrees Celsius throughout the 21st century. The reentering marks a significant U-turn in the country's approach to climate accountability. Former US president Donald Trump made the decision in 2017 to have the US withdraw from the agreement, a three-year process that officially came into effect in November 2020, the same month Biden was voted president. "From a political symbolism perspective, whether it’s 100 days or four years, it is basically the same thing," Christiana Figueres, the former UN climate chief, told The Guardian. "It’s not about how many days. It’s the political symbolism that the largest economy refuses to see the opportunity of addressing climate change. We’ve lost too much time." Experts believe the Biden administration's renewed commitment to the agreement could mark a new chapter in the fight against climate change, as Scientific American reports. Biden's carbon goals, to be announced in April, will be based on data collected by non-federal analysts and think tanks, according to SciAm. Experts believe the goals may end up being more sweeping than the Obama administration's pledge to cut greenhouses gases between 26 and 28 percent by 2025, a goal set in 2015. The US has fallen behind considerably in the fight against climate change. Countries have turned towards other world powers for leadership throughout Trump's presidency, with China making significant promises of late, including a pledge to become carbon neutral by 2060. The Biden administration now has the uncomfortable task of convincing other world leaders that the US is indeed committed to keeping global warming to a minimum. But late is better than never — the US remains the second largest polluter in the world. According to a recent report by the Union of Concerned Scientists, the US contributed 15 percent of global carbon dioxide emissions in 2018, the second highest contributor after China. READ MORE: U.S. Officially Rejoins Paris Climate Agreement [Scientific American] More on the Paris agreement: BIDEN MOVES TO REJOIN PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT Share This Article 
When Tesla CEO Elon Musk moved to Texas earlier this year to escape stiff regulations and high taxes, he couldn't have predicted a cold snap that brought the state's infrastructure to its knees. In a tweet this week, Musk lashed out at the state's energy agency, the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT), quipping that the body is "not earning that R." The historic deep freeze caused several persistent blackouts, plunging roughly four million Texans into darkness. ERCOT is now being investigated by Texas governor Greg Abbott, who called the company "anything but reliable" in a Tuesday announcement on Twitter. All told, it was a textbook case of infrastructure collapse. Uninsulated pipes started buckling under the pressure, grocery store shelves stood empty — and right wing political pundits attempted to shift the blame on renewable energy while racing off on holiday to a balmy Cancun. Compounding the trouble, Texas had previously shut itself off from the rest of the country's electricity grid, meaning that it wasn't able to import power from neighboring states to keep its inhabitants from freezing to death. That also means Texas isn't beholden to federal regulations — one of the qualities that drew Musk to the Lone Star state in the first place. A whole decade ago, grid regulations warned Texas that its power plants wouldn't be able to survive plunging temperatures, as Bloomberg reports. Recommendations to insulate and heat pipes fell on deaf ears, leading to households flooding across the state this week. During a February 2011 deep freeze, power plants failed and blackouts rolled the state. Sound familiar? Even then, regulators warned that previous winter weather events wreaked havoc with unprotected power equipment, according to Bloomberg. While political pundits raced to blame green energy on the infrastructure collapse, frozen over wind turbines were the least of the state's crumbling infrastructure's problem. In fact, Musk has a vested interest in bringing 21st century energy storage to Texas in the form of large-scale Tesla battery pack farms, such as the one that brought New South Wales' power grid back from the brink several times already in eastern Australia since being installed in 2017. It's unclear if such a battery pack would float enough electricity in case Texas ever ends up freezing over again. But it could present at least a partial solution to a political entity steadfast in its support of the oil and gas industry. And besides, the offer of help would be coming from Elon Musk, a poster child of the American Dream — not big government. READ MORE: Elon Musk slams Texas power grid operator for being unreliable [New York Post] More on Texas: TEXAS SNAP FREEZE CAUSES ELECTRICITY PRICES TO SOAR 10,000 PERCENT Share This Article 
As NASA prepared to land its first rover in nine years on the surface of Mars this week, famed donut chain Krispy Kreme stole the headlines with its own contribution to the scientific discourse: a Mars-themed donut, dipped in caramel and filled with chocolate cream. Ever skeptical, Futurism reached out to a variety of planetary scientists to ask whether the donut looks like an accurate model of the Red Planet. The consensus was that the planetary pastry might fall a bit short in the fidelity department — but that regardless, scientists are psyched that it's drawing attention to space research. "Well, it's a little bit smaller than Mars is in reality," Bruce Jakosky, a Mars researcher at the University of Colorado at Boulder and NASA, told Futurism. "And, of course, Mars is not actually coated with caramel or filled with chocolate cream. I take this as an abstract representation of Mars, and accept their view of what each component is intended to represent. My biggest disappointment with this is that the nearest Krispy Kreme outlet to me is too far away to get to on Thursday, given the other activities that are taking place." Jakosky was not alone in expressing enthusiasm for the fried morsel. "I love the idea of the Krispy Kreme donut," said Ali Bramson, a Mars researcher at Purdue University, appending three exclamation points for emphasis. "I am all for anything that helps connect what we do as planetary scientists and at NASA to the broader public. NASA's successes are everyone's successes." Several scientists delved into the mechanics of donut decoration, speculating that a more accurate Mars donut — one that depicted the planet's large volcanoes with sprinkles or crushed cookies, for instance — would have been impractical to produce at scale. "I think readers should be challenged to describe how they would construct their own Krispy Kreme Mars donut out of available donut materials," said Bethany Ehlmann, a researcher at Caltech who studies the history of environmental change on the Red Planet, who concurred with Jakosky's and Bramson's enthusiasm for the snack. "Their promo is certainly working in getting people to talk about Mars and Krispy Kreme!" Like Ehlmann, Bramson also pondered the logistics of creating a specialty donut in the first place, and opined that Krispy Kreme's efforts fell within the bounds of artistic license. "I imagine mass producing a donut for such a unique event meant they wanted to keep the design somewhat simple, and I don't see the need to make the donut much more complicated," she told us. "The donut looks like what we can see with our eyes looking up at the night sky — a slightly blurry red dot. Or, perhaps Mars when it's in the middle of one of its global dust storms." "In either case, I think the spirit of the donut is the important part, which they absolutely captured," she continued. "As cute as it would be to also have a glazed white polar cap or some sprinkle volcanoes or craters, it would be really easy to go down a rabbit hole insisting on more and more 'accuracy' and all of a sudden your donut has an iron core." More on Mars: How to Watch NASA's Perseverance Rover Land on Mars Share This Article 
NASA's Perseverance Mars rover has successfully landed in the Jezero crater, a region believed to be an ancient dried up river delta. Touchdown was confirmed at 3:56 pm Eastern time. The news was met with loud cheering and whooping at NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab mission control. It was a daring landing as the crater is lined with cliffs, sand dunes, and boulders. Thanks to Perseverance's sophisticated landing instruments, the rover was able to take pictures of the surface below, deciding where to land on its own while out of radio communication with Mission Control. It's the agency's fifth robotically operated Mars rover to have successfully landed on the Martian surface following Sojourner in 1997, Opportunity and Spirit in 2004, and Curiosity in 2012. Perseverance weathered the daunting Seven Minutes of Terror as it slowed its descent from a screaming 12,100 mph to just 2 mph first using a massive 70.5-foot supersonic parachute and then a rocket-powered "sky crane" as it approached its landing spot. Now, Perseverance's journey truly begins. The rover will use seven suites of scientific instruments to search for signs of ancient microbial life in the Jezero crater, an ancient delta that scientists believe contains clay deposits full of potential biosignatures. NASA is also hoping to lay the groundwork for a future sample return mission. Perseverance will scoop up and stow samples of Martian rock, each about the size of a piece of chalk, inside special tubes for recovery during future missions to the Martian surface. Perseverance can also cover three times the distance, an average of 650 feet a day, compared its predecessor Curiosity thanks to a sophisticated autopilot system. The rover will even release a Mars Helicopter, called Ingenuity, that was strapped to its belly during its journey to Mars. Once it's powered up for the first time later this year, Ingenuity could end up making history by becoming the first time a human-made aircraft to fly on another planet. So far, only two countries have completed successful landings on Mars — the United States and the Soviet Union — but a third country may soon have a shot of joining that very exclusive list. China's Tianwen-1 Mars lander will attempt to plunge through the Martian atmosphere in May — meaning that the Red Planet has never, at least in human history, been this crowded. More on Perseverance: How to Watch NASA's Perseverance Rover Land on Mars Share This Article 
Update: Read our interview with Steve Jurczyk here. Former NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine resigned at the end of the Trump presidency along with deputy administrator Jim Morhard. With their simultaneous departure, the keys to the space agency went to the third in line: associate administrator Steve Jurczyk, who now says he's running NASA from his basement. Within NASA, Jurczyk is known as a committed, hands-on leader — but he's also kept a lower profile than other government officials. While Jurczyk's office hasn't yet agreed to an interview, we did some reading to better understand NASA's new head honcho. Here are some key facts and analysis about NASA's new leader, and what we can expect from him now that he's been thrust into the spotlight. For years, Jurczyk has supported the missions that help humanity push deeper and deeper into space. First joining NASA in 1988, Jurczyk's decades-long career spans back to when the space agency was still working on the Space Shuttle, according to The Atlantic. In 2015, he told the magazine that NASA was shooting for a crewed Mars landing by the 2030s — a prediction that may very well hold up. Jurczyk also feels that space is not just for professional astronauts. He's a firm believer that space tourism will grow as the cost of spaceflight continues to drop, he told Aerospace America in 2019. In that 2015 Atlantic article, Jurczyk said that he was inspired by the 1969 moonwalk — not to become an astronaut and go to space but rather to build the hardware that could take them there. To pull that off, he got a master's degree in electrical engineering from the University of Virginia. "Building successful hardware, getting it to the launch pad, and successfully watching it work in space — that's what I love," he told The Atlantic. Before he was chosen for his first leadership role — he became director of engineering at NASA's Langley Research Center in 2002 before taking over the entire center in 2014 — Jurczyk made a name for himself as a systems engineer. As an engineer, he contributed to prominent pieces of machinery, not the least of which is the Curiosity Rover, which is still operational on the surface of Mars. That hands-on style also bleeds over into his leadership approach ­— Jurczyk has worked to cut down on pointless meetings so NASA employees could actually focus on their work. Back in 2016, when Jurczyk was the associate administrator for NASA's Space Technology Mission Directorate, he endorsed SpaceX back when the company was just starting to consistently prove itself. At the time, Jurczyk announced that NASA wanted to be a part of a Mars mission that SpaceX had planned to launch 2018, even though the space agency didn't have a payload ready for the mission. "If they go in 2018, it’s really going to be an [Entry, Descent, and Landing] demo for us. We won’t have any payloads available. But 2020 there’s a possibility." Jurczyk said. Jurczyk has continued to support SpaceX as a company destined to play a major, shaping role in the space industry. In his 2019 Aerospace America profile, he implied that other countries' space agencies, like India's ISRO, would become early customers of NASA's Commercial Crew Program, which currently relies exclusively on SpaceX vehicles to launch astronauts to the ISS. Former President Trump was certainly more interested in space exploration than in studying and mitigating climate change — a priority reflected in NASA's directorate, despite public opposition. Well, for all of his excitement over crewed exploration, Jurczyk seems to feel that there's plenty of room for NASA to do both. As Langley director, Jurczyk oversaw research programs dedicated to understanding and solving global climate change. And now, in a statement on his ascendance to acting NASA head, Jurczyk celebrated the incoming Biden-Harris administration's commitment to "combating climate change." And he also walks the walk, reportedly taking the train to work every day before the pandemic — though he told Aerospace America that decision had more to do with traffic than carbon footprint. Jurczyk's term as NASA Administrator will be an unprecedented one — despite his promotion, he's still just working from home along with everyone else. But earlier on in the pandemic, Jurczyk helped lead the agency's pandemic response, including the development of new protective equipment or manufacturing ventilators. “My job is to enable the workforce to do the amazing things we have asked them to do," he told the Partnership for Public Service in June. Interestingly, Jurczyk told Aerospace America that he doesn't think NASA should regulate space travel like the FAA does air travel. "We have been clear," Jurczyk said. "We are not a regulatory agency, and we should not be a regulatory agency." However, he did emphasize the importance of NASA collaborating with existing regulatory bodies like the Department of Commerce and the FAA. Jurczyk's predecessor, Bridenstine, was a prolific tweeter — a trait that won over even one of NASA's harshest critics. Jurczyk, by contrast, was never one for Twitter — at some point, he deleted his almost-never-used account. Even before that, his only tweet seems to have been a vote on the NBC singing contest show "The Voice." In other words, will he be running NASA by tweet, in the spirit of other recently-departed members of the government? At this point, it seems unlikely. More on Steve Jurczyk: New NASA Head Says He's Running Space Agency From His Basement Share This Article 
There's nothing like hanging out on your patio or porch when the weather is nice. But outdoor furniture is infamously difficult to maintain, since they’re constantly exposed to the elements. But Outer has come up with new, innovative, futuristic patio furniture that can hold up against rain, wind, snow, and grime, without sacrificing comfort in the process. Outer’s patent-process memory foam cushions are comfortable enough to be in your living room. They might even be comfortable enough for your bedroom, since the memory foam is just as good as the stuff that's used in luxury mattresses. In fact, the company claims it's cushions are the most comfortable outdoor cushions available anywhere in the world. With chairs and sofas that feel like sitting on a cloud, comfort alone is probably enough of an asset to make it worth upgrading to Outer. But with its signature OuterShell, this furniture can stay protected no matter what the outdoor elements throw at it. Every Outer piece can be enclosed in its own easy-to-use OuterShell that acts as an impenetrable barrier against the elements whenever the furniture isn’t being used. Even without the OuterShell, Outer furniture is built to last, and each cushion is covered in “life-proof fabric,” making it significantly more durable than typical patio furniture. Those cushions rest on sturdy, all-weather wicker and stainless steel, all of which is built to hold up to whatever it encounters -- including two of the most destructive forces on the planet: pets and children. Outer’s selection of sofas and sectionals can be configured in any number of formations. Four-piece, five-piece, six-piece, seven-piece, and eight-piece sets are available. So no matter what your porch and patio needs, you can probably find it at the Outer online store. And I haven’t even mentioned the rugs, yet. Outdoor rugs from Outer will fit on any outdoor deck or patio. The "1188" Outdoor Rug Collection gets its name from the number of recycled plastic bottles that go into making each one -- the equivalent of 12 years of plastic waste that would be otherwise clogging our planet’s streams, rivers, oceans, or landfills. And each eco-friendly 1188 rug is so comfortable, customers are already expressing disbelief that they could be made out of old plastic bottles. They come in a variety of different color options, each designed to obscure the dirt and grime that tend to accumulate outdoors. If you’re interested in hosting your own Outer showroom, you can get a ten-percent discount on your first Outer sofa just for applying to the Neighborhood Showroom program. And if you’re approved to become a Showroom Host, you’ll have access to a variety of other benefits, including payments for virtual tours, payments for in-person customer showings, early access to new products, and more. Your current patio furniture is probably starting to look a little pitiful right about now. So head over to the Outer online store and start making your selections now, and you’ll be ready in time for spring and summer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Tap water is supposed to be safe to drink. However, for a number of different reasons, that is not always the case. Maybe you live in an old house with questionable plumbing. Maybe you’re worried industrial or agricultural waste may be seeping into the water supply where you live. Maybe a recent natural disaster or power outage has caused a temporary water plant failure. Or maybe your local and state governments are cheap, incompetent, and corrupt. Whatever the case, if you suspect your home’s water quality may be compromised, don’t just sit around and wait for bad news. Take action now and get your water tested with the comprehensive Tap Score home water test from SimpleLab. Tap Score is a send-away home water test kit that could not be easier to use. All you have to do is select a kit based on your type of water supply and the level of testing you require. When you receive it, you simply fill up a few bottles and send them back using the prepaid shipping label. Then an independent lab tests your samples for things like lead, mercury, arsenic, chlorine, dozens of volatile organic compounds, bacteria, nitrates, pesticides, trihalomethanes, and much much more. Of course, there are a lot of companies that perform these kinds of tests. What sets Tap Score apart from the competition is the usefulness of their report. SimpleLab, the company that developed Tap Score, is an industry leader that has been awarded several EPA research grants. And they’re the only company that uses toxicological and epidemiological research to create comprehensive water contaminant profiles regular people can actually understand and make use of. The biggest problem with other water quality tests is that the reports just throw a bunch of numbers at you without context. But not Tap Score. In addition to the raw numbers, they also condense the data into a summary that helps you understand what’s going on with your water. Tap Score also gives you a better understanding of health risks. Whereas other reports only tell you if contaminants exceed legal limits, SimpleLab has created a comprehensive database of known health effects of water contaminants. They then use this database to rate the things found in your water, which makes interpreting your results much easier. Other water tests tell you what’s in your water. But they don’t tell you what to do about it. And figuring that out on your own can be pretty challenging, because there are a thousand different water treatment products out there. When you test your water with Tap Score, you don’t just find out what’s in your water. You get expert advice about how to fix it. Tap Score vets leading treatment technologies as well as specific products from leading manufacturers and makes recommendations based on specific contaminants in your report. And no, they do not get a cut of the sales. They do not sell any treatment products and are not affiliated with any treatment companies. Their recommendations are 100-percent unbiased. Clean drinking water is one of the most essential resources for daily life. So if you’re worried about the quality of your water, the solution is just a few clicks away. The Tap Score home water test from SimpeLab is the most comprehensive and useful home water test on the market. Click here to order yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When he was a computer scientist at NASA's Ames Research Center, Sailesh Ramakrishnan developed algorithms for Mars rovers. Several jobs later, Ramakrishnan co-founded the venture capital firm Rocketship, which invests in industries including space. Space travel, he believes, is ripe for a "gold rush" and developments made in it, he predicts, will transform nearly every other aspect of our lives. Futurism caught up with Ramakrishnan and our conversation, edited for brevity and clarity, is below. Futurism: Hi, thanks for taking the time to chat! I understand that you have a lot of thoughts on the future of space development and the space exploration industry. But before we get into anything too specific, I'm curious about the trajectory that your career has taken: From developing robotic assistants for seniors, to computer science at NASA and then engineering at Walmart, and now marketing and venture capital for startups. What set you down this road, and what inspired the jump from doing the research to investing in it? SR: What I do hasn't actually changed on a day-to-day basis. I am still a computer scientist. What I was doing at NASA was working on the AI for Mars rovers. What I was doing at Walmart was working on AI algorithms that handled a large amount of web data, social media data, and transaction data. What I'm doing now at Rocketship is also the same. But the end object of each situation is different. At NASA the end objective was to make these rovers much more autonomous but be careful about not putting or taking on too much risk. Because these are rovers that are on another planet and it's very expensive to deliver them, it's not like on Earth where if your algorithm makes a mistake you can go switch it off and switch it back on. At Walmart, the end goal was to improve the revenue, to improve the understanding of what consumer behavior is, and help Walmart take advantage of that. At Rocketship, the end goal is to use this data to identify potentially successful companies. In one way of thinking of it, the computer scientist aspect of me has stayed the same. This incarnation of my career brings together a lot of these aspects. I imagine the perilous nature of space exploration can come with unique frustrations and challenges. As someone who moved from the scientific research side to the financial side of the space industry, did those frustrations change?  SR: Back when I was working at NASA, anything in space was extremely costly. And so only national governments had the ability to fund those kinds of endeavors. The actual work was perhaps being done by companies like Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Raytheon and all these others. But the financial footing typically came from national governments. It was very capital intensive, took a significant amount of time for value to be derived, and sometimes the value was not immediately clear. What has changed since then is similar to what happened with computers, the internet revolution, and eventually the move to the cloud. That level of innovation is now happening in the space industry and how startups are built as well. Right after I left NASA, to build a startup you had to come up with an idea, and if that idea required significant computational resources, you had to buy the hardware and set up the entire operation yourself. You're limited by the hardware, and you had to build the technology. That on its own would weed out a whole host of ideas you could try. Eventually, you get to the point of a minimum viable product. With the advent of Amazon Web Services, almost all of that became commoditized. To start a company, all I need is a laptop with an internet connection. I can get to a clear, reasonably functioning product through these resources in a matter of months. That wave has only accelerated the pace at which startups are being built. Before, a space company even in the private sector would need somewhere between 100 and 200 million to even get to a product. Today, perhaps a small number of millions or even less, you can get to something demonstrable in a reasonable time frame. It's no longer "I need to lay out three years and 200 million and potentially it's lost." So costs are lower now, regardless of which angle you're coming from? Is that the idea behind your prediction that space is about to have a "gold rush" as venture capital flocks to the industry — that costs are reasonable to the point that investing in a project has become feasible? SR: So there are two aspects to the gold rush analogy. The first is what you just said. Because the components are now there, the barrier to entry for startups and innovation is relatively low. The number of space-related startups has gone up tremendously in this year, even during the throes of the pandemic. I think it's going to be even more next year compared to this year. Before, it would take a specialized investor with deep pockets or an investor who had deep knowledge of space technology to make these kinds of investments because it would take many years to see if one would be viable or not. Now, because of this trend, you can attract a much broader range of investors. You can see the progress in near-time rather than long-time, and it requires smaller amounts of capital. It's a combination of the process at which startups can be built and the amount of validation time it takes to attract investors. The second aspect of the analogy is this common saying that in the gold rush, you don’t want to invest in the miners. You want to invest in the person selling the picks and shovels. This is the other aspect. In this gold rush, space is still a high-risk business, no matter how you slice it. But what is not as high-risk is the components themselves. That is a very unique investment opportunity. Investing in the picks and shovels that are supporting these operations. This is the time that those foundation building blocks are being built. It sounds like what we're getting at is that we're finally seeing a standardized foundation or infrastructure for space exploration being built out. You compared it to Amazon Web Services before. Do you see something comparable, an organized, off-the-shelf, tool or system for new startups to use, emerging for space? How far does the analogy go? SR: Similar to the previous efforts before AWS, I think we are so early that we're not able to clearly visualize the standardization that you're asking about. The standardization of individual components is starting to happen, and that will depend on who the key players are. But now SpaceX is starting to standardize payload sizes. Why? Because they need to ride on a bus, the bus has slots, those slots have dimensions, and the dimensions have a price. The propulsion systems are also being standardized in some sense. "Low Earth orbit" is not actually a single orbit, it's a range of orbits. Depending on your application, you're going to need different propulsion systems. A lot of the standardization is happening, but it's still fragmented over multiple players because there's no dominant entity. And I think it will be unlikely that there will be a single dominant entity. In recent years and especially in the U.S., we saw a momentous shift from NASA and other government agencies handling most aspects of space exploration toward an increase in contracts with private companies. In the future, what direction do you see these partnerships taking? What will the role be of governments versus private agencies? SR: Very similar to how things are with the internet, I think the government's role will change to two segments. One is in ensuring a level playing field in terms of regulations and access and making sure that there's no overwhelming price monopolies and so on. So it's converting from where they are a single dominant player to making sure that the playing field is open and accessible to all players. The second role is there are still going to be tremendous use cases that are not immediately financially interesting for a private player. For example, let's say for the aspect of climate change. While SpaceX is launching all of these satellites, the use case for Starlink is communication. They're not necessarily going to make their first launch product about monitoring for climate change. National governments need to do that. So there are going to be several use cases that meet the needs of a single government or the planet as a whole that require innovation in terms of how and what needs to be delivered to space. And all that's still just looking down to the Earth. Another significant aspect of space exploration is outbound, looking out from here. And SpaceX has demonstrated interest in that, but national governments play a significant role in looking out — greater astronomy, greater exploration, and that requires significant innovation. I think there's still a lot of space for national governments, but the immediate low-hanging fruit will be taken over by companies. And this is exactly what happened with the internet. The internet, if you remember was a DARPA project, and initially every piece of hardware was government hardware. This is going to happen in space as well. That's everything I came in planning to ask you. Is there anything else you want to add or that I might not have known to ask you about?  SR: One is something that is not necessarily written about: the transformation that is happening in the minds of children watching this transformation. My daughter is now living in a world where multiple launches to space happen on a weekly basis. And of course, I got her interested enough to watch a launch and it was super exciting. But going from the world I was living in, where a launch or two or three happen in a year, to a world where launches are far more common – kids are living in a world where the future is here for them. That is tremendously changing children's thinking and imagination. This is something that I think is really, really worth finding ways to support. You see this pretty much in every child, most of them know about these things, the rockets that fly. It's super exciting. Children's perspectives of space is also rapidly changing. The second is, and this is where I'll say far-out things and you'll say I'm crazy — lots of things that seem like science fiction are now in our world. But there was also some really far-out science fiction stuff about space. This observation is about how, whether we know it or not, something related to space will be changing our lives on a regular basis. Whether it be communication, materials, or travel, this is going to not just be a change that is happening to a few people or to a country, this change is going to be enough to impact each of our lives on a fundamental basis. And this is going to happen much faster than anticipated. Within the next five years, we'll see impacts. Maybe it's faster travel, new materials. Perhaps it's new educational disciplines. Maybe this kind of engineering is going to be a separate engineering field from what aeronautics and astronautics were. This is going to be permeating into our lives in a way that is super exciting. Admittedly, that's not as far-out as whatever you led me to believe you were going to say! It seems like plenty of what we use in everyday life has been developed by the space industry or the military. Like you said, there's the internet coming from DARPA, and plenty of things like Velcro coming from the space program. SR: Right, but Velcro wasn't really transformative in our lives. Everything we do will have some component of space in it. I'm not saying we'll find aliens in five years or anything like that. But space will touch every part of our lives. Whether the phone you're talking to is talking to something in space, any transaction you're doing is going to be routed through space. Anything and everything you think of doing is going to change. And it's going to change because this acceleration is happening so fast, like the internet. This is that kind of transformation but even faster. A note from Futurism: Reported stories like this one are expensive to produce. We provide them for free, but to help us keep the lights on, please consider buying a subscription for just $5.99/month — a way to support original journalism about the future for the cost of two cups of coffee. More on space investments: NASA Wants to Pay Private Companies to Bag Moon Dirt Share This Article 
NASA's Perseverance Mars rover is preparing to plunge through the planet's thin atmosphere tomorrow, then attempt to land on the desolate surface below. It's an extremely exciting prospect. The 28-miles-across Jezero Crater the rover is aiming for is believed to be a massive dried up river delta, potentially harboring signs of ancient life on the Red Planet. But it's also extremely difficult terrain, lined with steep cliffs and sand dunes, making the already treacherous journey from orbit even harder. In fact, the landing will take place on some of the most challenging Martian terrain compared to any other missions to Mars preceding it, according to NASA's team — and that's on top of the "Seven Minutes of Terror," a harrowing sequence of events in which the spacecraft travels too fast for its radio signals to reach Earth. In other words, it has to make its descent entirely disconnected from home. That means engineers at NASA are biting their nails. "We’ve had a pretty good run of successful missions recently and you never want to be the next one that isn’t," landing team engineer Erisa Stilley told the Associated Press.   Perseverance will rely on its own sensors even more than previous missions. "Perseverance will be the first mission to use Terrain-Relative Navigation," Swati Mohan, guidance, navigation and control operations lead at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said in a recently released video about the rover's landing. "While it’s descending on the parachute, it will actually be taking images of the surface of Mars and determining where to go based on what it sees," Mohan said. "This is finally like landing with your eyes open — having this new technology really allows Perseverance to land in much more challenging terrain than Curiosity, or any previous Mars mission, could." Once on the ground, Perseverance's autopilot will be able to travel even further than any of its predecessors thanks to its sophisticated autopilot systems. "Percy’s got a new set of kicks," chief engineer Adam Steltzner told AP, "and she is ready for trouble on this Martian surface with her new wheels." So far, NASA has landed eight out its nine missions to Mars. In fact, the United States is the only country to make a fully successful landing on the Red Planet. But that may soon change. China's Tianwen-1 probe entered orbit around Mars late last week. In May, the probe will release a lander and solar-powered rover towards the rocky surface below — enduring its own Seven Minutes of Terror. READ MORE: NASA rover attempting most difficult Martian touchdown yet [Associated Press] More on Perseverance: When NASA’s New Rover Lands, Its Other Lander Will Listen for the Impact Share This Article 
We've seen AI algorithms create mostly-believable pictures of people's headshots, works of art, news articles, and even pokémon. But now a team of scientists is taking things a step further, with an algorithm to generate the entire genetic code of nonexistent people. Using a type of AI called a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), in which two algorithms rapidly generate some sort of output, check their work against real-world examples, and refine things as they go, the team has managed to replicate realistic human genomes that they say are indistinguishable from the real thing, according to research first spotted by The Next Web. Unlike other GAN projects — like those horrifying pokémon — that are meant to be fun little AI oddities, the team of researchers from Estonia's University of Tartu and France's Paris-Saclay University who developed the artificial genome project say that their fake genetic sequences have real value as a tool for research geneticists. They argue in their paper, which was published Thursday in the journal PLOS Genetics, that these DNA codes could help further genetic experimentation — without compromising the privacy of actual people who would need to give up their genetic data. But it may not be all it's cracked up to be, a geneticist unaffiliated with the paper told Futurism. To explain why, consider the other examples of what a GAN can create. We know what the human face, famous works of art, and pokémon look like. So for AI, learning from those examples and building its own is no problem. But in terms of the human genome, there are still so many questions about what the different parts do and mean that it's not really feasible to plug it into an algorithm as training data. "My initial take is that it is interesting, but I'm not sure I see real practical implications for research right now," Deanna Church, vice president of the Mammalian Business Area and Software Strategy at the biotech company Inscripta, told Futurism. "A lot of the scientific community is still trying to figure out how the non-coding (most) of the genome 'works.' Just because you can't computationally distinguish these generated genomes from real genomes doesn't mean they've really preserved functional motifs and domains that are important — there is much of this we still don't understand." The real question on our minds is whether these GAN-generated genomes would actually compile, so to speak, into a real, functional human genetic sequence. The authors of the paper didn't respond to Futurism's request for comment. But in that regard, Church says, she's not too optimistic. "As far as 'compiling' this into a human — I definitely don't see the path to that," Church told Futurism. "There is a long way from computationally generating genome sequences to converting that to a human cell, much less a human." "I definitely think the work is interesting, but I don't see practical applications of it right now," Church added. "Of course, I could be missing something." READ MORE: This human genome does not exist: Researchers taught an AI to generate fake DNA [TheNextWeb] More on GANs: This Site Tests Whether You Can Spot AI-Generated Faces Share This Article 
Ask just about any financial adviser and they’ll tell you everyone should invest in real estate. The real estate market is generally more stable than the stock market, it has low or sometimes negative correlations to other asset classes, and it offers superior cash flows. The only problem, of course, is that investing in real estate is extremely time consuming and requires a ton of up-front capital. Or at least, that’s how it used to be. Today, thanks to modern financial technology and innovative investing platforms like PeerStreet, investing in real estate has never been easier. PeerStreet is a peer-to-peer real estate investing platform that uses technology popularized by sites like Kickstarter and GoFundMe to create the world’s first marketplace for investing in real estate debt. It’s crowdfunding for mortgages that breaks standard real estate loans into smaller pieces that individuals can purchase. By creating this two-sided marketplace, PeerStreet connects investors with borrowers in a way never before possible. And by doing so, they’re breaking up the banks’ traditional monopoly on real estate-backed debt investments, creating a brand new asset class that earns roughly six to nine percent annually. In the past, anyone who wanted to borrow a large sum of money to buy real estate had to get a loan from a traditional bank. Thus, only banks had access to safe and highly profitable debt investments. But where did banks get the money that they lent and profited from? They got it from regular everyday people who deposited their money in the bank. So in essence, the banks were just middlemen. However, they didn’t give the small lenders an equal cut of the profits. While the banks earn anywhere from three to eight percent on real estate loans, you were lucky if you earned one percent on the money you kept in your savings account. But today, platforms like PeerStreet are cutting out the middlemen, letting you invest directly in real estate debt and giving you an equal share of the profits. With traditional real estate investing, you had to secure enough capital for the down payment on a property, go through the entire process of bidding and closing, and then either manage the property yourself or hire somebody to do it for you. With PeerStreet, you don’t have to do any of that. PeerStreet’s real-estate experts curate a list of potential debt investments from reputable private lenders across the United States. Then they use advanced AI analytics and old-fashioned manual underwriting to come up with a final pool of safe, high-quality real estate debt investments. PeerStreet then sells pieces of these loans to its investors on a first-come first-serve basis. If you happen to be an experienced real estate investor, you can browse the pool of loans and manually build your own real estate loan portfolio from scratch. However, PeerStreet also has a proprietary AI-powered Automated Investing tool that takes all the guesswork out of building an investment portfolio. Users simply select their investment criteria, such as interest rate or loan term. When loans that match these criteria become available, users will either be notified and given the option to invest, or they can set it up so that their funds are automatically invested. When you invest with PeerStreet, you become a microlender. When borrowers make the monthly principal and interest payments on their mortgages, you receive your share of those payments. Depending on the particular loans you’ve invested in, you can expect an average APR of six to nine percent. PeerStreet is not get-rich-quick investing. You won’t build equity and cash out with big profits like you might if you purchased a property on your own. However, when you invest with PeerStreet, you incur significantly less risk. And you don’t have to fork over a huge chunk of change up front. In fact, with Peerstreet you can start a portfolio with as little as $1,000, and you can spread that money out across multiple investments. That means you can achieve superior diversification while still earning steady income. If you want to invest in real estate, but you don’t want to deal with the hassle of buying and managing properties, you need to take a look at PeerStreet. Their high-tech all-in-one platform has changed the game, and could be just the tool you need to start building wealth for the future. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A lot of people accept hair loss as an inevitable part of growing older, and it’s not hard to understand why. Studies show that about 42 percent of men between the ages of 18 and 49 experience moderate to extensive hair loss, while a whopping 85 percent will experience some visible hair loss by the time they turn 50. And it’s not just men who suffer from hair loss. An estimated 40 percent of women will also start to experience thinning hair by the time they are 50. Given those statistics, it is easy to adopt a fatalistic attitude toward encroaching baldness. But believe it or not, it doesn’t have to be that way. There are actually a number of hair loss treatments out there that can produce positive results depending on your specific situation. And one of the most innovative is the Kiierr Laser Cap System for Hair Growth. The technology behind the Kiierr Laser Cap is something called low light laser therapy, or LLLT. It was first discovered in the 1960s by a Hungarian physician named Endre Mester, and it's been used for years in clinical settings to treat hair loss. It has been approved as safe with no side effects by the FDA. And several important studies have concluded that LLLT “significantly” improves hair counts in both men and women with androgenetic alopecia, which is the most common form of hair loss. So how does LLLT work? As the name suggests, the kinds of lasers involved here are not the kind you see in science fiction movies. In fact, they don’t generate any heat at all, which is why LLLT is sometimes referred to as cold laser therapy. Basically, the idea is that light emitted from laser diodes enhances blood circulation in the skin, transporting more nutrients and thus stimulating metabolism and protein synthesis in hair follicle cells. This process is called photobiomodulation, and over a prolonged period of time it can cause hair follicles to switch from their dormant, or telogen phase, to their active, or anagen phase. That means hair starts to grow again in places where it had stopped growing. For years, LLLT therapy was only available in special clinics. Now, thanks to companies like Kiierr, you can easily treat yourself in the comfort of your own home. The Kiierr Laser Cap is actually a small helmet designed to fit inside any standard baseball cap. It has a stretch headband to secure it to your head and will fit head up to a 23.5 inch circumference. The Kiierr 148 Pro has 148 laser diodes, while the Kiierr 272 Premium has 272 laser diodes. Both models emit light at a wavelength of 650 nanometers, which has been clinically shown to be most effective. The only difference is the intensity of the light, and thus the time it will take for you to see results. Using the Kiierr 272 Premium for just 30 minutes every other day has been shown to be 93-percent effective in regrowing or thickening hair. However, you will not see results overnight. Most people can expect to see visible changes after three to four months, with maximum results coming after about six to seven months of use. Of course, the Kiierr Laser Cap will not work for everybody. That’s why they offer a seven-month money back guarantee. If the Kiierr Laser Cap doesn’t produce results within 210 days, simply send it back for a full refund. If your hair is starting to go the way of the Dodo, and you’re not happy about it, don’t just sit there. Take action today. Low light laser therapy has worked for a lot of people. So order the Kiierr Laser Cap today and let it work for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For years now, a team of astronomers have supported a controversial theory that a ninth planet is circling the Sun at an orbit beyond Neptune. Their evidence: clusters of trans-Neptunian objects (TNOs) appear to orbit together, around what they hypothesize to be a massive object lurking in the far reaches of our star system. Since 2016, Mike Brown and Konstantin Batygin from the California Institute of Technology have argued that the erratic behavior of unusually clustered TNOs orbiting the Sun at extremely tilted and elongated orbits could be explained by the gravitational forces of a hypothetical Planet Nine, a celestial body about ten times the mass of Earth. But plenty of other scientists feel differently. Most recently, a team of astronomers led by Kevin Napier of the University of Michigan investigated if what Brown and Batygin observed was simply due to selection bias, as Science Magazine reports. In other words, they saw the TNOs behave in particular ways depending on where they looked, observing only a small subset of TNOs without accounting for the wider population. Compounding the argument, TNOs are still shrouded in mystery. By nature, TNOs are extremely difficult to observe since they are so far away. The best way to spot them is once they zip past the inner Solar System during their unusual orbits, but even then they are hard to make out in front of the relatively bright Milky Way, according to Science. What we do know is that there are plenty of them in our star system. In March 2020, researchers used data from the Dark Energy Survey, an infrared study that investigates the expansion of the universe, to catalogue more than 300 "minor planets" beyond Neptune's orbit. To kick off the daunting task of testing Batygin's clustered TNO theory, Napier's team used three different surveys that use a variety of different telescopes to observe 14 equally distant TNOs. As detailed in a paper accepted into the Planetary Science Journal, the team concluded that the data from the three surveys didn't present enough evidence for clustering, the foundational argument Brown and Batygin used to build out their Planet Nine theory. In fact, Napier and his team's analysis did not rule out the possibility that TNOs were uniformly distributed throughout our Solar System, effectively poking a hole in the heart of the Planet Nine theory. Clustering "is a consequence of where we look and when we look," Napier told Science. "There’s no need for another model to fit the data." Batygin defended his position by pointing out that Napier's analysis couldn't "distinguish between a clustered and uniform distribution." Napier and his team's research isn't a definitive answer to the question of if Planet Nine exists or not, especially considering the sample size of just 14 TNOs. The team is hoping that the Vera Rubin Observatory, a telescope that's scheduled to start operations in 2023, could shed more light on the erratic movement of extreme TNOs. And perhaps then we'll be able to more conclusively say if there is a ninth planet orbiting our Sun. READ MORE: Claim for giant 'Planet Nine' at Solar System's edge takes a hit [Science  Magazine] More on Planet Nine: Harvard Astronomers Propose That Our Star System Used to Be Binary Share This Article 
Today, when it comes to technology, privacy is harder and harder to come by. This is increasingly true for our phone numbers, which are constant targets for spammers, scammers, and other undesirable elements. That said, you won't get very far in the modern world without giving out your phone number. Luckily, a virtual phone number can help keep you in touch with the outside world while at the same time preventing intrusive, unwanted calls. And when it comes to virtual phone numbers, Tossable Digits is the best in the business. A virtual phone number is a number that is not fixed to a particular location. They do not require a SIM card or a physical address, but instead rely on a strong internet connection. They don’t require phone lines, and they aren’t bound to a specific location, which means you can accept your office phone calls from the comfort of your phone. However, virtual phone numbers aren't exclusive for businesses. For example, Tossable Digits found another use for them. As the ongoing pandemic made education much more challenging, teachers used virtual numbers to contact students and parents for distance learning without revealing their personal number and hindering their privacy. Whether you own a striving business or just have privacy consciousness, A virtual number is a must-have tool. However, flexibility isn’t their only benefit. As local phone numbers can come with calling charges, virtual numbers can be toll-free. As a result, your customers can call you free of charge. This means you can be available to your customers no matter where you are. And since virtual phone numbers protect your privacy, you can get rid of annoying telemarketers and phone scams. With over 5-million virtual private numbers, Tossable Digits helps you find a suitable number for sales, ad tracking, work, or real estate. Its services are not limited to the US, as they offer numbers in 60+ countries. Traveling abroad? Tossable Digits has you covered. You can receive phone numbers on any phone in almost every country. What’s more, Tossable Digits doesn’t use contracts, meaning that you can discontinue their service after 10 minutes or ten years. It's up to you. Tossable Digits offers plenty of features, including call recordings. This way, you will never have to worry about missing out on details during phone calls. They offer voicemails, which can either use custom greetings or pre-recorded messages. Each of Tossable Digits' numbers can have a unique configuration of voicemail, meaning that you can adapt your voicemails according to your own needs. Not able to answer the call? The Do Not Disturb mode automatically forwards calls into voicemail when you're not able to answer. As mentioned, Tossable Digits has no contracts, but instead focuses on three different plans: the Basic plan ($7 per month) offers one virtual number, up to 60 minutes, and unlimited SMS messages. The advanced plan ($19 per month) offers three virtual numbers and 400 minutes, while the Professional plan ($39 per month) offers seven virtual numbers and up to 1000 minutes. Tossable Digits also has a free app, with which you can make your VPN communication neat and tidy - just as it should be. So why wait? Check out Tossable Digits, now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Ever since the inception of the Internet (and even before), identity theft has become a sadly common occurrence. According to the Insurance Information Institute (III), about 1 in 15 people will become victims of identity fraud as the result of data breaches, credit card skimming, malware and virus attacks, or even mail theft. Even children aren't spared. According to Javelin Strategy & Research, about 1 million kids have fallen victim to identity theft. Luckily, you can stay one step ahead of hackers and identity thieves by registering for LifeLock Identity Theft Protection.  Your personal information can be used for a variety of criminal activities including filing false tax returns, mortgage scams, and fraudulent credit card accounts, just to name a few. Sadly, it is easy to become a victim of identity theft, as thieves obtain personal information by hacking, unencrypted websites, and phishing scams. And as mentioned above, hackers often aim for the personal information of children, since their credit is a blank slate. But LifeLock can help. After signing up for the service, the LifeLock team starts protecting your data. If any potential threat is detected, they alert you by text, email, phone, or a mobile app. they also help guarantee maximum online privacy by offering a Virtual Private Network (VPN) which automatically encrypts your information. However, if you do become a victim of identity theft, LifeLock will send one of its agents to resolve the any issues you encounter. If that fails, LifeLock still has you covered, as it offers a reimbursement of the stolen funds up to the limit of the plan you chose. LifeLock offers four subscription plans, all based on your needs and requirements. Standard Plan The first plan (Standard) offers alerts on identity and social security numbers, and one-bureau credit monitoring. If identity theft occurs, the Standard plan offers reimbursement of up to $25,000.x Select Plan Apart from standard LifeLock services, the second plan (Select) offers Norton 360 protection from the famed Internet security software. The select plan also offers security and VPNs for 5 family PCs, Macs, or mobile devices. Advantage Plan Along with the features mentioned above, the Advantage plan offers you reimbursements up to $100.000, along with numerous other features, such as phone takeover monitoring. It also alerts you to any crimes committed in your name. Ultimate Plus Plan The most advanced plan, called Ultimate Plus offers reimbursements up to $1 million, and annual three-bureau credit reports and credit scores. That's in addition to everything mentioned in the previous three plans. LifeLock is offered by Norton, a household name in antivirus software. Apart from protecting computers from malware and viruses for nearly 30 years, Norton is committed to stopping identity theft. And considering around 27 people fall victim to cyber crimes every second, it's not hard to understand why. So don’t wait any longer. Subscribe to LifeLock now, and help protect yourself from the threat of identity theft. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The difference between making it through the worst case scenario reasonably intact and having it ruin your life can come down to one thing: preparedness. That said, being prepared isn't easy as it might seem, and preparing for the worst is one of those things that often gets put off until it's too late. Luckily, with an emergency kit from Judy Kits, it's easier than ever for your household to be ready should a disaster strike. Judy Kits are reliable and durable emergency preparedness kits that contain everything from safety gear to blankets, first aid, tools, food and drinking water -- in other words, the essentials that any living human will need even in the first hours and days following some sort of grid-shattering cataclysm. There are four different Judy Kit variants at four different price tiers, so you can decide which one is best for your family. Here’s a breakdown: The king of the Judy Kits line is the Safe, which comes with a whopping 24 potentially life-saving items that can keep a family of four going for at least 72 hours in the event of disaster. These items were selected for a family more likely to shelter in place than seek safety elsewhere. The Safe goes for $250 and includes three AAA batteries, two gloves, four glowsticks, an extensive first aid kit, four shake-activated hand warmers, 16 clean water packs that never expire, four emergency blankets, two bottles of hand sanitizer, four KN-95 dusk masks, ten “mini-meals,” an LED flashlight, and more. Next we have the Mover Max, which like the Safe has 24 life-sustaining preparedness items. But rather than being engineered for sheltering in place, the Mover Max’s line up of preparedness goodies are (true to its name) selected for a family of four on the go. And it’s all wrapped up in a 500D tarpaulin with fully welded seams, padded back support, and water resistance. The Starter is known as “the world’s smartest emergency kit,” and considering what it contains, you’ll understand why. If you live alone and are looking for a good place to start in the field of emergency preparedness, the Starter’s assortment of mini-meals, glowsticks, ponchos, emergency blankets, first aid kit, whistle, and pre-charged phone charger are just the thing for you. And everything comes in a small, sturdy pouch that you can keep ready to grab and go at a moment’s notice. The most basic of the Judy Kits lineup is the Safety. It's affordable, but still packed with essential items, including a pair of dust masks, a first aid kit, a bottle of hand sanitizer, and a pair of gloves. And as with all the other Judy Kits, 24/7 text message alerts and preparedness tips are included with your purchase. It’s possible that you’re having a little trouble settling on which Judy Kit is best for your household. Fortunately, you can get the Starter, the Mover Max, and the Safe in one bundle at a discounted price. When it comes to emergency preparedness, there’s no better time than the present to make sure you’re ready for what may come. So don’t waste any more time before you head over to the Judy Kits online store and order your own Judy Kit (or Kits) now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's no secret that office work can be demanding, especially during those countless hours of sitting in uncomfortable office chairs. But aside from the wear and tear office chairs can put on your back, they're also known to cause major damage to unprotected floors. However, with the arrival of Vitrazza glass chair mats, damaged flooring from office chairs is becoming a thing of the past. (Use promo code FC10 for 10% off orders of $150 or more.) Though several versions of chair mats exist, glass chair mats are considered the most durable, lasting for at least a decade or more. They are much better than PVC or plastic mats, which tend to crack, warp, or dislocate over time. And Vitrazza is a company that takes the glass chair mat to the next level. Its known known for its 100-percent American-made, high-quality mats made of Tufver Glass. Tufver glass is toughened and protected with Invisible Shield Pro15, which is essentially a coating created to protect the mat against fine scratches. With this glass chair mat, you get two sets of clear rubber bumpers, which ensure that it stays in place. Need to move the mat somewhere else? Vitrazza provides you an Easy Lift Tool, which you can slip under the mat to move it. This way, you don’t have to use metal tools (such as screwdrivers), which can potentially damage the mat or floor. Vitrazza’s glass chair mats are suitable for any type of surface, including hardwood, carpet, tile, linoleum, and laminate. They are adaptable to the flooring, which results in the mat and surface being undamaged in the process. Its rectangle shape and ¼'' thickness and can hold an excess of 1,000 lbs on any surface. As the mat is heat-treated, the risk of scratches, dents, cracks, and other faults is minimal. And to ensure the mat's quality, Vitrazza covers all of its products with a transferable lifetime warranty. As shipping costs can be one of the turn-offs, Vitrazza has you covered. They offer free shipping and returns within the 48 states. A 100-percent safe and secure checkout is also guaranteed, meaning that you can shop safely, no matter where you are in the US. Having trouble on which size to pick? Vitrazza offers live assistance, meaning that you can call one of their specialists to consult about the size. Vitrazza also offers custom sizes, covering all of your potential requirements. Their 30-day satisfaction guarantee provides you with a full refund in case you’re not happy. However, don’t take their word for it: Vitrazza has over 3,500 positive reviews from satisfied customers. So why wait?  Check out Vitrazza’s mats today, and use promo code FC10 for 10% off on orders of $150 or more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When you're working from home, after work drinks can start early. That's not necessarily a good thing as far as hangovers are concerned. That last glass of wine might seem like a good idea at the time, but it could ruin any chance you have of being productive the next day. A recent survey indicated 83 percent of employees admitted that hangovers have had a negative impact on their work. Of these, 22 percent admitted making mistakes as a result of being hungover, and another third admitted that they “drift off and don’t work at their usual pace.” Luckily, The Plug Anti Hangover Drink might change all that. Instead of suffering though a nasty hangover, why not avoid it altogether with the help of The Plug Hangover Drink. It has no caffeine, no added sugar, and is made with a plant-based formula that will knock out a hangover even before it starts. Thousands of people have already tried The Plug, and are never going back to a life where they have to be miserable the morning after they drink. When you choose The Plug, you're drinking without regret. To combat the unreliable "remedies" and "cures" that never seemed to work, the creators of The Plug decided to come up with a hangover cure that was guaranteed to work. The Plug is the first-ever anti-post-morning-hell drink with no caffeine, no added sugars, and is made entirely from plants. Most importantly, using The Plug is easy. All you have to do to keep your hangover at bay is drink The Plug before, during, or up to two hours after your last drink. It's just that easy. When you drink in excess, you get a hangover because your liver is unable to filter out the negative effects caused by the excessive amounts of alcohol you've forced your body to consume. That's because whenever you drink, your liver works overtime to breakdown the alcohol-induced toxins, putting stress on your body. If this doesn't happen fast, feelings of fatigue, nausea, and sluggishness will hit you hard the next day. The Plug was designed to prevent this by supporting the breakdown of alcohol-related toxins and helping your liver flush them out of your body in a speedy fashion. Drinking alcohol naturally suppresses Glutamate, a neurotransmitter that is a natural stimulant, which is why you wake up feeling anxious and groggy after a night of heavy drinking. To put an end to your hangover, The Plug's propriety formula is designed to suppress Glutamate so you wake up cool, calm, collected and ready to take on the day. Most existing hangover remedies focus on Vitamins (such as B & C), claiming "quick fixes." Instead, The Plug uses a combination of plants that support liver health, help break down toxins, and hydrate your system at warped-speed. The Plug uses a proprietary blend of 13-natural herbs and flowers with zero added sugar. It's also been scientifically proven to help improve liver function and increase the main enzymes (ADH and ALDH) that fight productivity killers like nausea, and fatigue. The result is a concoction sourced from all-natural ingredients and combined with the purest form of bedrock water so you can go wild any night of the week and wake up feeling like a champ. With The Plug, you'll get to have fun, play hard, and never worry about what happens tomorrow. Because the best night of your life doesn't need to be followed by a morning of regret. Buy The Plug Anti Hangover Drink now and be ready to take on whatever comes your way the next day. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of researchers at Purdue University have successfully taught four pigs how to use a joystick — novel research that demonstrates a "remarkable" level of behavioral and mental flexibility, according to the team. As detailed in a new study published in the journal Frontiers in Psychology, the four pigs were able to play a simple joystick-controlled video game, demonstrating basic understanding despite their limited dexterity. The experiment involved the four pigs — named Hamlet, Omelette, Ebony, and Ivory — moving a cursors on a screen by manipulating a joystick with their snout. The goal was to move the cursor to four target walls displayed on the screen. "It is no small feat for an animal to grasp the concept that the behavior they are performing is having an effect elsewhere," lead author Candace Croney, a professor at Purdue University, said in a statement. "That pigs can do this to any degree should give us pause as to what else they are capable of learning and how such learning may impact them." Scientists already knew that pigs were clever enough to learn basic commands, like dogs, including "come" and "sit." According to the team, it's "remarkable" the pigs were able to move the cursor on the screen despite they are far-sighted and don't have opposable thumbs. Adorably, the pigs were even motivated through verbal encouragement from the scientists. "This sort of study is important because, as with any sentient beings, how we interact with pigs and what we do to them impacts and matters to them," Croney said. "We therefore have an ethical obligation to understand how pigs acquire information, and what they are capable of learning and remembering, because it ultimately has implications for how they perceive their interactions with us and their environments," she added. The study was not able to also ascertain whether the interface could allow us to communicate with the pigs more directly, as scientists have done with primates in the past. Hamlet and Omelette also grew "too large to stand long enough to complete sessions," according to the paper. READ MORE: Pigs can be trained to use computer joysticks, say researchers [The Guardian] More on pigs: First-Ever “Pig-Monkey Chimeras” Born in Chinese Lab Share This Article 
Are you feeling stressed out or anxious? Have you been having trouble sleeping, focusing, or maintaining energy? If the answer is yes, you’re hardly alone. The strain of modern life can easily weigh you down under normal circumstances. But with the pandemic, social unrest, and the global economic collapse, right now nobody is living under “normal” circumstances. But the good news is that there are tons of tools out there designed to help you relieve stress. These include relatively simple things like essential oil diffusers, weighted blankets, meditation apps, and adult coloring books, as well as more complicated chemical solutions like CBD, marijuana, and prescription pharmaceuticals. However, if you’re looking for simple science-backed stress relief that doesn’t require pills or any effort on your part whatsoever, you need to take a look at the Apollo Neuro. The Apollo Neuro is a wearable device that uses gentle vibrations to improve your body’s resilience to stress so that you can focus, recover, and get to sleep easier. That may sound a little too good to be true. But the Apollo Neuro is actually based on real science. And it’s pretty cool. To understand how the Apollo Neuro works to relieve stress, you first need to have a basic understanding of the autonomic nervous system. So let’s start there. The autonomic nervous system is the part of our nervous system responsible for regulating the body’s unconscious actions, and there are three distinct divisions. The enteric nervous system governs the gastrointestinal functions. The sympathetic nervous system stimulates the body’s “fight or flight” response. And the parasympathetic nervous system stimulates the body’s “rest and digest” response. As their names suggest, the responsibilities of the sympathetic nervous system and parasympathetic nervous system are complimentary. The sympathetic nervous system causes a state of alert or agitation through the release of a hormone called norepinephrine. The parasympathetic nervous system calms the body down and returns it to a state of homeostasis through the release of a neurotransmitter called acetylcholine. When humans experience chronic stress, the sympathetic nervous system’s fight or flight response is overactivitated. This makes it physiologically harder to think, focus, or relax, because the body and mind think they are under threat and need to be escaping danger, not sleeping or working. However, if you can trigger the stimulation of the parasympathetic nervous system, your body will return to a state of calm. That’s what the Apollo Neuro device was designed to do. The Apollo Neuro was born from the research of University of Pittsburgh scientists David Rabin MD, PhD, and Greg Siegle PhD. Together Drs. Rabin and Siegle discovered that certain combinations of inaudible low frequency sound waves can trigger a “rest and digest” response from the parasympathetic nervous system through our sense of touch. The Apollo Neuro is the result of five more years of research and testing in both the lab and the real world. It’s a small device about the size of a standard watch that can be worn either on the wrist or ankle, and its novel touch therapy is fully customizable. Using the Apollo mobile app, you can choose from seven different modes designed to promote specific states of mind, and you can set the duration and the intensity of the experience. Though more tests are still being completed concerning the benefits of the Apollo Neuro, this device has already been shown in clinical settings to improve HRV, or heart rate variability. Why is that important? Well, HRV is the rate of change of our heartbeat over time, and a high rate of change is a good thing. It indicates that the body is resilient and recovers well from stress. High HRV is linked to improved focus, calm, sleep, blood pressure, and even athletic performance. The Apollo Neuro offers a completely unique approach to stress relief that is backed by some of the most advanced research in the fields of neuroscience and psychology. It’s suitable for use by adults as well as kids. And it's all backed by a 30-day satisfaction guarantee. So you can try it for a month, and if you aren’t happy with the results, you can return it for a full refund. So don't wait. Click here now to learn more about the revolutionary Apollo wearable anti-stress device. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of researchers may have spotted evidence for a new planet orbiting one of the closest stars to our own solar system, in the star system Alpha Centauri, The Guardian reports. It could end up being the first time we've ever imaged a planet orbiting a nearby star — but for now, the sighting orbiting Alpha Centauri A, referred to as a "planet candidate," came in the form of a bright spot that may end up being something else entirely. "We detected something," Pete Klupar, chief engineer of the Breakthrough Initiatives, told The Guardian. "It could be an artefact in the machine or it could be a planet, or it could be asteroids or dust." Alpha Centauri is a triple star system consisting of three stars named Alpha Centauri A, B, and C. Since 2016, astronomers have found evidence for at least two potentially habitable exoplanets in orbit of Alpha Centauri C, a red dwarf better known as Proxima Centauri. Now, the new research suggests that Alpha Centauri A could host at least one potentially habitable exoplanet of its own. The team used a new instrument called NEAR (New Earths in the AlphaCen Region) attached to the Very Large Telescope (VLT) in the Chilean desert, which is operated by the European Southern Observatory (ESO). In total, the team analyzed about 100 hours of data collected in May and June of 2019. A different instrument called a coronagraph was able to block out the light emanating from Alpha Centauri itself to get a better glance of any celestial objects orbiting it. "We’re trying to see a flashlight right next to a lighthouse," Klupar told The Guardian. In their paper, published in the journal Nature Communications, the team outlined their new approach to observing much smaller mass exoplanets located in nearby stellar systems by blocking out the "thermal background" created by the host star. The new approach allows them to spot potential Neptune-sized planets (meaning about four times the size of Earth) in the Centauri star system. The technique is "an order of magnitude more sensitive than state-of-the-art exoplanet imaging mass detection limits," according to the paper. It would be an unusual place for such an exoplanet. "A lot of people say planets can’t form in this kind of binary and that’s one reason we are cautious about claiming it is actually a planet, but if it is, it would be about the size of Neptune," Klupar said. Most excitingly, such an exoplanet would be orbiting its star in the habitable zone, the area around a star in which temperatures could allow for the existence of liquid water, and therefore life. But if history is any indicator, there's a good chance the exoplanet may not be much more than a blip in the data. Scientists claimed they had found a small planet around Alpha Centauri B in 2012, but it turned to be nothing more than stellar noise, as Scientific American pointed out. The new discovery could also turn out to be photons leaking into the instrument's optics. Now, scientists have the task of observing the possible exoplanet again after several Earth months have passed. A new position around its host star could make it easier to study and eliminate the possibility that it's a dust cloud. "The timing is such a shame," Debra Fischer, exoplanet detection specialist at Yale University, who was not involved in the research, told the Scientific American. "If it’s in the habitable zone around Alpha Centauri A, that’s an Earthlike orbit, so observing six months later would probably have nailed it." READ MORE: Is It a Planet? Astronomers Spy Promising Potential World around Alpha Centauri [Scientific American] More on Alpha Centauri: Sorry Folks: Signal From Nearest Star Not Alien Civilization, Scientists Say Share This Article 
Over the last decade there has been a huge concerted effort by doctors, public health officials, nonprofit organizations, business leaders, and even celebrities to destigmatize mental illnesses and expand access to mental healthcare. And that effort is really paying off. Today, more people than ever are comfortable talking about their mental health. And while traditional mental healthcare can still be difficult for a lot of people to access, innovative online counseling platforms like Cerebral are picking up the slack, making it easier than ever for people to get the professional help they need. Of course, it’s natural to be skeptical of new things. When telehealth options first started popping up, mental health experts wondered how effective they would actually be. However, all the research has shown extremely positive results. In 2014, for example, a study published in the Journal of Affective Disorders found that online treatment was just as effective in treating depression as face-to-face treatment. Another 2014 study published in Behaviour Research and Therapy found that online cognitive behavioral therapy was an effective and affordable way to treat anxiety disorders. And a 2018 study published in the Journal of Psychological Disorders found that online cognitive behavioral therapy is equally as effective as face-to-face treatment for major depression, panic disorder, social anxiety disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder. In short, if you or someone you love is struggling with their mental health or emotional wellness, you really should take a look at your online options. That being said, not all online therapy platforms are the same. Some are simply designed better than others, giving patients more control over their treatment options. That brings us to Cerebral. Cerebral is a comprehensive online mental health service designed to help people overcome the roadblocks associated with traditional mental healthcare. Unlike some services that just provide online counseling, Cerebral takes a one-stop approach to mental healthcare, supporting you through every step in the process. What that means is that in addition to online counseling, Cerebral also provides access to fully licensed healthcare providers who can actually help you manage your medications. Then, if needed, they’ll even ship prescriptions right to your door. And everything is included with the price of your subscription. Cerebral’s comprehensive model is designed for long term care for people 18 or older who are experiencing symptoms of anxiety, depression, or insomnia and believe they may benefit from treatment. Cerebral providers may also be able to treat bipolar disorder, depending on severity and the types of medications required. However, Cerebral is not suitable for people suffering from mental health issues such as schizophrenia, suicidal ideation, and substance abuse issues. To get started with Cerebral, the first thing you do is complete their free emotional assessment form. This helps their experts get an idea of the symptoms you are experiencing. After that, you’ll choose from one of three different subscription plans and get started. Cerebral’s Medication + Basic Care plan is for people who know they need medication, but only require occasional counseling. With this plan, after you complete your assessment you’ll have a video or phone visit with your prescribing provider who will help you determine your course of treatment and provide monthly follow-up appointments. You will also be able to schedule monthly appointments with your Care Counselor who will discuss your progress, offer support, and teach you valuable skills such as mindfulness. And all appointments can be easily managed on Cerebral’s smartphone app. Cerebral’s Medication + Therapy Plan is for people who need a little more support. This plan gives you everything you get in the Medication + Basic Care plan, but instead of monthly sessions with a Care Counselor, you’ll get weekly online meetings with a licensed therapist. You will be matched with a list of therapists based on your assessment, and you can choose which one you think is right for you. You can also switch therapists at any time if you feel you need a change. Last but not least there is Cerebral’s Therapy Plan for those who don’t need medication to manage their issues. With this plan, you will meet weekly with your therapist, but you will not meet with a prescribing provider. Wondering if Cerebral is right for you? Take a look at what some of their users have to say: ”My prescribing doctor helped me think through if medication was right for me, and my care counselor responds really quickly when I have questions about side effects and more. I also love that Cerebral didn’t try to push hardcore medications on me for my insomnia. My treatment plan is working well so far, so I recommend Cerebral —Alana J.. ”I used to take time off work to spend hundreds of dollars to see a psychiatrist, who barely remembered my name. Now, my doctor at Cerebral really cares about me and listens to me. I just really feel heard. AND, they send my meds directly to my door, and my care counselor is on it whenever I’m struggling despite the meds.” —April D. ”What an easy way to access really awesome care. Cerebral makes it easy - and my doctor and care counselor really care about me. When I first signed up, I thought it would be all about medication, but my Care Counselor Steven has showed me techniques like deep breathing exercises that really calm me down when I’m having a hard time.” —Diana L. If you or someone you know is struggling with things like anxiety, depression, and insomnia, Cerebral’s innovative model for online care seems to be working for a lot of people. Why not click here and see if it will work for you, too? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
One of the quickest growing markets in tech right now is wearable technology (aka wearables, aka fashion electronics). The biggest fashion and tech brands are collaborating with the intention of using your precious body real estate to debut their products. However, it's hard to find anything outside of the paradigm created by the simple look and design that currently dominates the market: basic colors (black, white, and grey if you're lucky) and design for basic consumers. But what if you want more out of your headphones? This is where Happy Plugs Fashion Earbuds come in. Happy Plugs are well-designed and affordable quality headphones that marry form and function within the headphone space. These headphones are designed for a comfortable fit and incredible sound, but they also come in a variety of colors to match any style. The Air 1 Go are Happy Plug's smallest and lightest true wireless headphones. They are packed with all the new tech you're used to, like high-quality audio, microphone 5.0, and 11-hours of battery life on a single charge. Plus, they're sweatproof and come in five color: mint, black, nude, peach, and white. Thanks to its design, the Air 1 Go makes it easy to look fresh without sacrificing all your favorite features at a price that's as small as the headphones themselves. Not only that, the Air 1 Go has touch controls for all the features you’re used. The all-new, all upgraded Air 1 Plus are everything you ever wanted in a pair of headphones, plus two style options: Earbuds and In-Ear headphones. This way, you can enjoy not only great sound quality at an affordable price, but also maximum comfort and wear based on your personal fit preferences. Additionally, they upgraded the battery life of the Air 1 Plus to 40 hours, and improved the sound experience with aptX™-codecs to ensure pure and clear wireless sound on all iOS and Android devices for the best music experience. With the Air 1 Plus, you get all these cutting edge features,  while still getting to choose which color option (white marble, gold, pink gold, black and white) best represents your personal style. Happy Plugs Air 1 ANC are where you turn when you want to tune the world out. The crown jewel of their truly wireless family, Air 1 ANC - is designed with music lovers, travelers, and digital nomads in mind. Enjoy the silence in any environment with these Active Noise Cancelling (ANC) earphones. They use a Hybrid ANC Technology composed of Feedforward and Feedback Noise Cancellation, reducing both the noise from outside and inside the headphones. The Air 1 ANC comes with all the bells and whistles, including up to 38 hours of battery life, in-ear detection, 10-touch commands, transparency mode, a variety of color options (gold, black, white, blue, and green), and the ability to quickly charge your headphones wirelessly via its charging case or USB-C. Not only does Happy Plus offer fast shipping around the world, but all their products come with a 12-month warranty, a 30-day refund policy, and safe payments. So what are you waiting for? If you're in the market for new headphones, check out Happy Plugs, the fashionable electronic headphones that will blend your personal style with a next-level audio experience. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to Valentine’s Day gifts, jewelry is usually a pretty safe bet. However, if you want to step things up a bit this year, don’t settle for the generic department store stuff. Instead, get your special someone something totally unique. Something they didn’t even know was possible. Something thousands or even millions of years in the making. Get them a one-of-a-kind piece curated and handcrafted by the folks at Mini Museum. Since their initial launch in 2014, Mini Museum has been making miniature collections of rare and unique objects from earth and beyond that span billions of years of natural and human history. Housed in beautiful acrylic blocks that are easily handled and displayed, these amazing collections have included things like extraterrestrial amino acids, dinosaur bones, moon rocks, Amazon River water, Apollo 11 specimens, pieces of the White House, and so much more. More recently, Mini Museum started offering individual specimens in an effort to cater to collectors with more specific interests. And now they are even turning some specimens into gorgeous jewelry so that can be worn and appreciated anywhere, anytime. Want to wow your beloved with jewelry like nothing she’s ever seen this Valentine’s Day? Below are a few of Mini Museum’s most interesting pieces. These stunning necklaces are made from hand-selected Egyptian faience beads that date to the 1st Millennia BCE. The beads were sourced from a private collection originally acquired through the Egyptian Museum in Cairo during the late 1970s. Mini Museum's acquisition was reviewed and certified as authentic by a private dealer in Washington, DC, who is also a member of the American Research Center in Egypt and the Association of Dealers & Collectors of Ancient & Ethnographic Art. Each necklace is handmade and completely unique. It comes in a decorative box and includes a small information card which serves as the certificate of authenticity. Egyptian faience beads are products of remarkable craftsmanship. Designed to mimic the luster of rare jewels, these tiny ceramics were made from silica, ash, and lime that was pulverized; combined with copper, cobalt, magnesium, and other metals; turned into a paste and formed into beads; then fired in kilns that reached over 1400ºF. As gorgeous today as they were 3,000 years ago, these rare Egyptian mummy beads would make an impressive addition to any jewelry collection. And you can choose between a beautiful sterling silver or 14k gold-filled 18-inch cable-style necklace. Dracula, the blood-sucking immortal who sleeps in a coffin and turns into a bat, is not real. So technically speaking you can’t actually own “Dracula soil.” However! Prince Vlad Tepes III of the House of Drăculești, Warlord of Wallachia, a.k.a. Vlad the Impaler, a.k.a. the guy who inspired Bram Stoker’s Dracula—he was very real. And now you or someone you love can wear a piece of his ancestral home around your neck. During the mid 1400s, Prince Vlad III became a hero in Romania for his exploits and cunning guerrilla warfare tactics against the encroaching Ottoman Empire. He was particularly famous for the exceptional cruelty he exhibited toward his enemies, which included impaling tens of thousands of captured Turks on giant spikes. This piece of jewelry consists of a vial of earth from the grounds of the Cetatea Poenari, the citadel of Prince Vlad’s ancestors. The vial measures approximately one inch, while the box style chain measures 18 inches. Both the cap on the vial and the chain are sterling silver. The necklace comes in a black gift box and includes a small information card about the specimen which serves as the certificate of authenticity. Don’t worry, this piece is not as gross as it sounds. In fact, it’s not gross at all. The dinosaur poop in question is completely fossilized. Over millions of years, minerals like chalcedony and quartz replaced the original organic material, creating a colorful stone called coptrolite. And it just so happens that, when polished, this rich, colorful stone makes really gorgeous jewelry. The coprolite used for this jewelry collection is agatized sauropod coprolite from the Morrison Formation in Utah. This region was home to a huge floodplain ecosystem about 150 million years ago. Now it’s one of the most studied fossil beds on the planet. Available as a pendant necklace or pendant earrings, the pieces in this collection are made of hand-polished pieces of coprolite. They come in a decorative box with a small information card which serves as the certificate of authenticity. The jewelry pieces also come with a small anti-tarnish bag to protect the silver elements of the piece during storage and transport. The Dinosaur Poop Pendant Necklace features five coprolite beads strung in a vertical column, accented with a sterling silver tassel, on an 18 inch sterling silver chain. The Dinosaur Poop Pendant Earrings feature two polished coprolite beads with sterling silver components. It’s not everyday you come across jewelry that’s millions of years old. So don’t wait around until these are all sold out. Click here to order your Mini Museum jewelry right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As we were all recently reminded by the Gamestop/Robinhood fiasco that nearly brought Wall Street to a halt, for far too long there have been two different sets of rules governing how people generate wealth. There’s the set of rules that regular people have to play by. And there’s the set of rules that the one percent get to play by. However, slowly but surely, things are starting to change. Thanks to new financial technologies and changing SEC regulations, cutting edge online real estate investing platforms like DiversyFund are democratizing the wealth building process, giving regular people access to investment strategies previously only available to the wealthy. And it's changing the way people plan for their future. Everybody knows diversification is an essential strategy for building a successful investment portfolio. By spreading your money out across different assets and investment vehicles, you minimize the risk associated with any one investment, enabling your portfolio to weather a lot of storms. Or at least that’s how it works in theory. For over half a century, the reality was that, when it came to pooled fund investing, regular people were only allowed to buy publicly traded stocks and bonds. That meant their ability to diversify their portfolios was very limited. But large financial institutions and high net worth individuals? For decades they have been diversifying their portfolios by investing in the private real estate market, which is both more lucrative and more stable than the stock market. So in other words, only the richest people had access to the most lucrative investment opportunities. But now, after half a century, things are finally looking up for regular investors. In recent years, technological advancements have caused huge disruptions in the financial services industry. Crowdfunding platforms and data science have opened up a world of new possibilities, and the SEC has responded by loosening restrictions and opening up pooled fund real estate investing to everybody. That’s where startups like DiversyFund come in. DiversyFund was created to democratize investing and close the wealth gap by giving regular people the same financial opportunities as the one percenters. To accomplish these goals, the company’s founders created a simple online investing platform that lets anybody invest in a portfolio of diversified real estate assets. Officially called Real Estate Investing Trusts, or REITs, these portfolios are managed by experts who follow a simple three-step strategy to make you money. First, DiversyFund acquires multifamily apartment buildings that already generate revenue, but are in need of some improvements. Second, DiversyFund renovates the buildings so that they generate increased revenues until market conditions are right for profitable liquidation. Third, when market conditions are right, DiversyFund sells its real estate assets, returns principles, and distributes the returns to investors. Thanks to this tried-and-true strategy, DiversyFund has an excellent historical return rate of 17.5 percent. And because DiversyFund actually owns and operates the properties you invest in, which cuts out all the middlemen, there are absolutely no fees. When DiversyFund says their goal is to close the wealth gap, they really mean it. Though SEC regulations have opened up a number of different alternative assets to regular people, a lot of investment platforms out there still have net worth or credit requirements that make their services inaccessible to a lot of people. But that is not the case with DiversyFund. As long as you can afford the minimum $500 investment, you are eligible. Period. These days, there are a lot of different online investing platforms to choose from. But if you want one that lets you protect yourself from market volatility using the same strategies as the one percenters, the choice is pretty clear. Click here to learn more about DiversyFund and take the next step in planning your financial future. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you've been indulging in self-pleasure more frequently since quarantine started, you're not alone. A variety of studies conducted in 2020 indicate that when we're alone with nothing to do, masturbating is one of our favorite ways to spend time. And thanks to government imposed social distancing, travel restrictions, curfews, and contact bans, people are seeing less of other people and more of themselves... a lot more. But what does one do when they finally get bored of themselves? Well, that's where the Zumio Precision-Rotating Sex Toy comes into play. Zumio is the first of it's kind personal massager that does not vibrate. Instead, it has a precision rotating tip known as the SpiroTip™, which was inspired by the instinctive, natural motions of a finger. This rotating motion provides stimulation without the numbing or buzzing sensation that vibration can cause. Because of this, you’ll never feel any unwanted vibration in the handle of the toy. Since the entire apparatus does not vibrate, Zumio is one of the truly discreet personal massagers on the market. Not only that, but its patented design will take your body to the heights of pleasure, and then do it again, all without the need for vibration. Plus, the Zumio comes in three distinct models that provide a variety of intensities and rotating motions: Zumio S, Zumio X and Zumio E. Zumio S is the model to purchase if you have sensitivities. The S has a wider and softer spherical tip with more petite flexible stem. This combination promises a softer, subtle sensation spread over a wider, pleasurable area. Like all of Zumio's products, the S was invented and designed by women who wanted a better sexual experience. With Zumio S, you can unlock new sensations with its eight speeds and pressure sensitivity that deliver pinpoint stimulation exactly where and how you want it. Zumio X allows for enhanced sensation. The X tip - also spherical - is smaller with a longer more flexible stem that results in a delicious delivery of sensation over a more targeted area. Unlock unparalleled excitement with the X, the only toy that uses a rotating motion – not vibration – to deliver pinpoint stimulation exactly where you want it. The X’s long stem and smaller SpiroTip™ deliver intense stimulation, while its eight speeds and pressure-sensitive intensity put you in complete control of your pleasure. Zumio E provides next-level intensity and features a finer and flatter elliptical tip which curves inward. It is paired with a curved metal stem, a combination that results in delicate and precise intensity, and extraordinary excitement for its user. The E is the only toy that uses elliptical rotation – not vibration – to deliver pinpoint pleasure that's out of this world, guaranteed. Most importantly, all of Zumio's rotating personal sex toy massagers are equipped with whisper quiet motors. They are body safe and waterproof for bath and showers. Plus, each one comes with a discreet Travel Cap so it can travel with you anywhere. And the 'Stay-Off' lock helps to avoid any accidental turn-ons (no pun intended) when you're in public. And all Zumio products come in discreet packaging with free shipping and a one-year warranty. Right now you can purchase all of Zumio's products in bundles. This includes a Buy 2 Get 1 Free deal where you get all three of the Zumio personal massagers for the price of two. An unbeatable deal for anyone looking to indulge in discreet, safe, Earth-shattering pleasure. So what are you waiting for. Experience the next level of ecstacy with Zumio, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
After stepping down as CEO of Amazon, Jeff Bezos is ready to shift his focus on something else. According to industry sources, Bezos is likely to double down on his spacefaring efforts, Reuters reports. He's already said to be clocking in more hours at his space startup Blue Origin, which has historically been a passion project for the business titan. But that could be starting to change. In a new book published late last year, Bezos wrote that "Blue Origin is the most important work I'm doing." "I have great conviction about it, based on a simple argument: Earth is the best planet," he wrote. Bezos isn't the only tycoon trying to get off this planet. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk recently took over from Bezos as the richest man in the world — a changing tide that highlights SpaceX's growing head start in the industry. While SpaceX has made a growing number of trips — crewed and uncrewed — to orbit and the International Space Station, Bezos' space company has yet to visit the space station, let alone deliver cargo or passengers into space. Then there's the matter of Blue Origin's contracts with NASA. In April of last year, the agency selected Blue Origin, as well as Dynetics and SpaceX, to develop human landers as part of its upcoming Artemis missions to the Moon. Four months later, Blue Origin proudly delivered a full-scale prototype of its Blue Moon lander to the NASA Johnson Space Center. But the lander, which still has velcroed pieces of foam acting as placeholders for scientific instruments and navigation dials, still has a long way to go. SpaceX is also directly competing with Blue Origin on the lander contract, promising a Starship variant that will eventually have lunar landing capabilities. To go orbital, Blue Origin is betting on its New Glenn two stage orbital launch vehicle, a massive rocket that's scheduled to launch some time this year. The reusable rocket represents a major leap forward for the space company, but it's still uncertain when it will actually take flight for the first time. It will be a monumental task for Blue Origin to kick into high gear and achieve reliable and reusable flights to orbit. And with Bezos having more time to dedicate to the company's endeavors, it might just have a shot. But it will inevitably be a game of catch up. SpaceX is making major moves towards developing a reusable heavy lift vehicle that may one day carry the first astronauts to the lunar surface since the 1970s. Even Blue Origin's planned Project Kuiper constellation of broadband-beaming satellites will butt up against SpaceX's own Starlink efforts, as evidenced in a recent spat between the two companies. We'll have to wait and see if Bezos' renewed commitment will be enough to make Blue Origin a worthwhile competitor. READ MORE: An unleashed Jeff Bezos looks to shift space venture Blue Origin into hyperdrive [Reuters] More on Blue Origin: Blue Origin’s New Shepard Pulls Off Spectacular Test Launch Share This Article 
Nobody wants to get old. That’s why there are so many different myths and fairy tales about people searching for fountains of youth, concocting magic elixirs, or making pacts with evil sorcerers in exchange for everlasting beauty. And it’s why, even today, you can walk into any drugstore, department store, or cosmetics store in the country and find all sorts of anti aging creams, serums, and vitamins purporting to “defy” or even “reverse” the aging process. But of course, none of these “anti-aging” products can actually stop the aging process. Nothing can. That said, armed with the right tools, we can come to understand the aging process, which will enable us to take steps that help us age better. That’s why a team of world-renowned scientists at Elysium Health created the Index Biological Age Test—to help people understand how they are aging on a cellular level. Elysium Health was founded in order to put major scientific discoveries to work improving lives in tangible ways. Elysium has partnerships with some of the world’s best universities, including Harvard, Oxford, and MIT, and its scientific advisory board includes eight Nobel Laureates. In short, this company is not into gimmicks. Hard science is at the core of everything they do. The Index Biological Age Test is the result of a major advancement in the field of epigenetics, which is the study of changes in organisms caused by the modification of gene expression. As we age, certain chemical compounds get attached to our genes that affect how they get expressed. When this happens, these compounds are said to have "marked" the genome. These marks do not change the sequence of the DNA, but they do change the way cells read the DNA's instructions. One of the most common epigenetic marks is called DNA methylation. In 2018 Dr. Morgan Levine, a professor at Yale School of Medicine and Elysium’s Bioinformatics Advisor, developed a revolutionary epigenetic biomarker analysis that calculates biological age by looking at specific sites along the genome to see what proportion of cells are marked by DNA methylation. Now Elysium has created a product that allows regular people to use this scientific breakthrough to their advantage. The Index biological age test analyzes over 100,000 sites of DNA methylation to help people understand how they are aging. When you place your order, Elysium sends you a simple saliva collection kit. Once you collect and return your sample, Elysium extracts your DNA, loads it onto a specially designed DNA sequencing chip, and analyzes it using next-generation technology called Algorithmic Platform for Epigenetic Examination, or APEX. This sophisticated system scans your epigenome for DNA methylation biomarkers. Once the analysis process is complete, Elysium sends you a complete report with your biological age, which is a measure of the average age at which your body is typically functioning. Your report also includes your cumulative rate of aging, which is the pace at which your body has aged for every year you have been alive. And perhaps most importantly, your Index report gives you specific, customized, science-backed health, diet, and lifestyle recommendations intended to help you age better. Despite what the anti aging industry tells you, there may be nothing you can do to stop the aging process. But thanks to the world class scientists at Elysium, you can be more proactive about your health and live your best possible life going forward. And that’s certainly worth a look. So click here to order the Index Biological Age Test and learn how you’re aging on a cellular level. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It was an otherwise non-notable day in October 2017 when Canadian astronomer Robert Weryk made an astonishing discovery. Thanks to data from the University of Hawaii’s Pan-STARRS1 telescope at the Haleakala Observatory in Hawaii, Weryk spotted an unusual object, oblong and approximately the size of a football field, screaming through the solar system at 196,000 miles per hour. Strangest of all was that it seemed to be accelerating slightly, pushed by an invisible force that has yet to be fully explained. Its highly unusual trajectory caused it to slingshot past our Sun, leading scientists to believe that the space object — later dubbed "'Oumuamua," or "scout" in Hawaiian — was the first ever visitor from outside our solar system to be observed directly. Over the last three years, countless attempts have been made to explain 'Oumuamua's unprecedented characteristics. Some speculated that it was hydrogen iceberg, while others suggested it was a traveling space rock covered in a layer of "organic sunscreen." To Avi Loeb, astrophysicist and professor of science at Harvard University, the answer could be a tantalizing one. His controversial argument is that 'Oumuamua may have been a probe sent by an extraterrestrial civilization — an explanation that's garnered enormous attention in the media and, unsurprisingly, proved divisive among experts. In his new book, titled "Extraterrestrial: The First Sign of Intelligent Life Beyond Earth," Loeb explores his provocative hypothesis, using the story of 'Oumuamua to lay the groundwork of a much greater conversation: the struggle to be taken seriously within a scientific community that has historically held the search for extraterrestrial intelligence at arm's length. During an interview with Futurism, Loeb argued that scientists' explanations fell short of explaining 'Oumuamua's many quirks and eccentricities. The scientific community "advocated for something that we have never seen before," he said. One example of this was what Loeb referred to as the "dust bunny" hypothesis, which theorized that 'Oumuamua's odd trajectory could be explained by a very low density. "The problem with that is I don't think something of the size of a football field that is a dust bunny would survive a journey of millions of years through interstellar space," Loeb said, vacuuming up that hypothesis. "I mean, I just don't think that it can hold itself together." To Loeb, scientific explanations that attempted to squeeze 'Oumuamua into an existing scientific framework just didn't make sense. "The point is, you can't on the one hand say it's natural," Loeb argued, "and then whenever you try to actually explain it with natural processes, you come up with something that we have never seen before." And that's how he ended up at aliens. At the root of Loeb's alien theory is that 'Oumuamua may have been a solar sail sent to us from another star system. In the simplest terms, a solar or light sail is a form of spacecraft propulsion that turns the low pressure of solar radiation into movement.  Earthling scientists have already experimented with the concept; in 2019, the non-profit Planetary Society launched a craft called LightSail-2, which uses 340 square feet of an extremely thin layer of reflective polyester film to gradually propel itself. To Loeb, a solar sail being pushed by starlight could explain 'Oumuamua's unexpected acceleration. If it's solid and isn't a dust bunny, the astrophysicist concluded that the interstellar visitor must also be shockingly thin — perhaps, according to his calculations, "less than a millimeter thick." To the astronomer, the solar sail conclusion was following "footsteps, just like detective Sherlock Holmes. When you rule out all other possibilities, whatever you're left with must be the truth." That conclusion is a stretch to many astronomers in the field, who have repeatedly challenged Loeb's conclusion. In a 2019 study published in the journal Nature Astronomy, an international team of researchers argued that they found "no compelling evidence to favor an alien explanation" for 'Oumuamua. "‘Oumuamua’s properties are consistent with a natural origin," University of Maryland astronomer Matthew Knight, co-author of the study, told Reuters at the time, "and an alien explanation is unwarranted." Their argument was that 'Oumuamua is a "planetesimal," or a small fragment of a planetary building block that just happened to drift through our star system. Weryk, who discovered the object in the first place, had no kind words for Loeb's hypothesis. "Honestly, that's a bit of wild speculation," he told the CBC in 2018. "I think it's a remnant from another solar system," Weryk added. "It's just something that happened to run into us, and we were very lucky to have been operating the telescope that night and looking in that direction." These rebuttals appear to have only emboldened Loeb's investigations into the alien origins of 'Oumuamua — as well as leading him to make a passionate plea to the scientific community, as outlined in his book, to take SETI research seriously. To Loeb, it's all about reading the stars with an open mind. "My guiding principle is modesty," he told Futurism. "If we are not arrogant, if we are modest, we would say that life, the way we have it, must be common." "We now know from the Kepler satellite data that about half of the Sun-like stars have a planet like the Earth, roughly at the same distance, so that it can have liquid water and the chemistry of life as we know it," Loeb said, referring to the "habitable zone" of a star system within which life can theoretically could be supported. "So we know that the dice was rolled billions of times in the galaxy," he said. "And if you arrange for similar circumstances like we have on Earth, you would get a similar outcome." To Loeb, this simple calculation is "conservative, not speculative," and that it "should be the mainstream view." But proposing that we are not alone in the universe is seen as a "fringe view and the mainstream claims there should be a taboo." "The scientific community can address a topic even if other people address it in a way that is not scientific and doesn't make much sense," Loeb argued. "So my point is the existence of the literature on science fiction or the existence of unsubstantiated UFO reports should not eliminate this subject from being part of the mainstream discussion," he added. In fact, Loeb contended that it is less speculative than other areas of study, from the study of dark matter to multiverse and string theories. "All of these hypothetical concept for which we have no basis," he said. "And you have communities of hundreds of scientists working on giving each other awards and honors and so forth," he added in a slightly derisive tone. To him, the refusal to believe we are not alone in the universe is a vicious cycle of self-fulfilling prophecies. "When you put blinders on, you're not searching for anyone else, you might think that you're special," he said. "The only way to break that taboo, to break that state of mind, is to find evidence for others," Loeb argued. "But, if you don't search, you will never find it," closing the cycle. Worst of all, a lack of funding for SETI research only ends up deterring "young people from entering this field," Loeb said. So the search for life beyond the Earth must go on — and Loeb has plenty of ideas on how to do so. Arguably the most ambitious plan he's involved with, a project called Breakthrough Starshot, is a proof-of-concept interstellar probe project by Breakthrough Initiatives that involves sending an army of small light sails called Starchips as far as Alpha Centauri, the closest star system to our own at just over four light years away. The Centauri system contains a promising planetary candidate called Proxima b, a tantalizingly Earth-like planet. Four light year may not sound like much on paper, but the distances that the sails would have to cover are immense. Rather than harnessing the solar radiation from the Sun, the project is investigating if we can shoot an extremely powerful laser at these spacecraft from here on Earth to provide enough acceleration. It's an endeavor that involves near-insurmountable hurdles. In fact, Loeb isn't sure if the Starshot project will materialize in his lifetime — and Breakthrough Initiatives estimates that it could take 20 years for the mission to reach Alpha Centauri after launch. "But I think we have to do it as a civilization," Loeb told Futurism. "We have to go in that direction and consider how to visit other stars, because currently all our eggs are in one basket here on Earth and we can't ignore the risk from a catastrophe." Editor's note 2/8/2021: This story originally misstated the name of the observatory that first observed 'Oumuamua. It has been updated. Share This Article 
Early on, financial experts were pretty skeptical about the long term viability of Bitcoin. In fact, most thought cryptocurrencies were just a fad. But now it’s patently clear that those experts were dead wrong. Cryptocurrencies have never been stronger than they are right now, and it looks like 2021 is going to be another great year. In fact, cryptocurrencies are so strong, more and more investors are adding them to their portfolios as a way to hedge against inflation and major downturns in the stock market. And right now, perhaps the best way to do that is with Bitcoin IRA. Why are experts saying 2021 will be another big year for digital currencies? Because a trio of game-changing crypto services are just over the horizon. After selling almost $1 billion in Bitcoin futures in November 2020, derivatives marketplace CME is set to start trading Ethereum futures in February 2021, which is expected to dramatically increase trade volume for the world’s second-most popular cryptocurrency. Also coming up in the first quarter, Coinbase, the world’s most popular digital currency exchange, is expected to go public with an estimated $28 billion initial public offering, which would be the biggest cryptocurrency IPO of all time. And last but not least, PayPal, which opened up crypto to their 300 million users at the end of 2020, has announced that they’ll offer crypto trading on their popular Venmo app in the first half of 2021. So what does all this mean for you? In the grand scheme of things, it means cryptocurrencies aren’t just for speculative investing anymore. Now, even the most cautious investors trying to build their nest eggs are putting a portion of their assets into digital currencies. And if you don’t want to miss out, you need to open a Bitcoin IRA account now. An IRA, or individual retirement account, is a retirement savings account set up through a financial institution that gives you special tax breaks on deposits, growth, and distributions or withdrawals. There are different types of IRAs, and the specific rules governing them depend on your employment status and income level. But the basic idea is to grow wealth faster so they are ready for the future. And IRAs are not just tax-free savings accounts. While you certainly can make cash deposits, you can also put financial products like stocks, bonds, and mutual funds into your IRA. Now, in addition to cash, stocks, bonds, and mutual funds, you can also fund an IRA with cryptocurrencies. And thanks to companies like Bitcoin IRA, it’s a lot easier than you might think. A Bitcoin IRA account lets you earmark cryptocurrency holdings as retirement savings, thus realizing the same tax breaks on any potential growth that you would get on traditional investments. These crypto IRAs follow a lot of the same rules as regular IRAs. That means there are early withdrawal fees if you want to cash out before you turn 59½, and only “earned income” is eligible for deposit into a crypto IRA, which means you cannot transfer your existing crypto holdings into your Bitcoin IRA account. However, unlike traditional IRAs, which typically cap contributions at about $6,000, with a Bitcoin IRA account there is no yearly investment cap. And just because you can’t transfer any existing crypto holdings, that doesn’t mean you have to start entirely from scratch. With a Bitcoin IRA account, you can rollover any existing traditional retirement savings accounts into your crypto IRA. And no, there won’t be any penalties or fees for transferring your assets. Of course, this all sounds pretty complicated, and you probably have a lot of questions. Luckily, Bitcoin IRA is a full-service company that will walk you through every step of the process. All you have to do is complete the Bitcoin IRA account application. They will then help you fund your account. If that means transferring funds from an existing retirement savings account, they’ll make the request for you and complete the transaction. Then, whether you transferred funds from another IRA or your checking account, they’ll help you perform your first trade. Bitcoin currently offers Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Ripple (XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Stellar Lumens (XLM), Zcash (ZEC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum Classic (ETC), and Digital Gold (DG). You can invest in one coin or a combination of multiple coins. Once you’re all set up, you can perform all your own trades through Bitcoin IRA’s easy-to-use online platform. All of your digital assets are then stored in your BitGo Wallet. And with 256 bit SSL encryption, offline cold storage, and up to $100 million in insurance, BitGo is the most secure digital currency wallet on the planet. We still don’t know exactly what the future holds for cryptocurrencies. But we do know they will be a part of the future. And if you also want to be a part of the future, you probably shouldn’t sit around on the sidelines any longer. By investing with a Bitcoin IRA, you can give yourself a little cushion against the stock market and make sure you don’t miss out on the next big crypto boom. All you have to do it click here to get started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of theoretical physicists at Griffiths University in Australia are investigating a radical quantum theory of time which posits that there is a asymmetry between time and space. To explain why time points from the past to the future, scientists have proposed that under the second law of thermodynamics, time itself moves towards increased entropy, a measurement of disorder in a system. But the new Australian hypothesis, first proposed by Australian physicist Joan Vaccaro in 2016, suggests instead that this increased entropy isn't the root cause of the direction the "arrow of time" moves — it's just a symptom of the flow of time. The theory suggests that the changes we observe over time aren't fundamentally linked, but emerge as a result of time reversal symmetry violations, otherwise known as "T violations." In a video presenting her work that dates back to 2017, Vaccaro uses an analogy of a tree in the wind. The increased entropy of the leaves appears to "create the dynamic nature of time, but it's just evidence that there is something dynamic going on." In this analogy, the wind represents T violations. "All our laws are time reversible, you have exactly the same dynamics in the same directions," Vaccaro explained in the video. But an increase in entropy over time seems to violate these time reversal conditions. Vaccaro suggests that thanks to T violations, matter is able to remain localized in time. Space and time aren't interconnected, as the word "spacetime" often suggests — otherwise objects would be able to blink in and out of existence over time. In other words, Vaccaro argues that T violations stop objects from disappearing at random. To prove her controversial theory, a team of researchers at Griffith University are conducting an experiment that involves the Open-pool Australian lightwater reactor (OPAL), a 20 megawatt nuclear reactor generating a vast stream of anti-neutrinos. Neutrinos subatomic particles that only interact very weakly with matter, while anti neutrinos are their oppositely charged counterparts. The theory goes that if a clock were placed near this reactor, time would be dilated, when compared to a clock some ways away. That's because neutrinos exhibit time symmetry violations, as scientists have suggested in the past. In the experiment, the team placed two highly precise atomic clocks at two different distances from the reactor. If one clock ends up moving at a slower rate, that would be evidence of local T violations closer to the reactor, supporting Vaccano's theory. In other words, if Vaccano's theory is correct, neutrinos would be interacting with matter caused by time, not just by a weak nuclear force. If there isn't any evidence of time slowing down near the reactor, a likely outcome, we'd fall back on current physical models. If proven, Vaccano's theory could rewrite how we understand the connections between space and time — making it highly controversial in the field. READ MORE: Physicists to look for quantum time dilation inside nuclear reactor [New Atlas] More on time and space: Scientists Are Rethinking the Very Nature of Space and Time Share This Article 
We've had a heck of a week at Futurism. Now it's time for the Futurism Mailbag. You probably noticed our completely redesigned website, and that's without mentioning the jam-packed news cycle. Here's our week in review — and what you, our Futurism readers, have had to say about it via social media and email. >> Also... To submit your own thoughts to the Futurism Mailbag, email us! Some comments are edited for length and clarity. Space journalists started this week with a burning question: Why hadn't the White House clarified its position on NASA and Space Force? Enter Futurism senior reporter Dan Robitzski, who conducted a hard-hitting interview with the new head of NASA, Steve Jurczyk — and nailed him down on several core issues. One key takeaway: Jurczyk told us that the Artemis program — intended to take American astronauts back to the Moon as soon as 2024 — is almost certainly safe under Biden. Overall, Futurism readers were thrilled: I don't care about flying cars but I was promised a Moon base by this date when I was ten. -Istvan, Moon Base Enthusiast >> Nota bene: Later in the week, White House confirmed its support for both the Artemis Moon-to-Mars plan and Space Force as a branch of the military. Robitzski also pressed Jurczyk on NASA's relationship with SpaceX. In response, Jurczyk praised SpaceX's work on the Commercial Crew Program — but said he was less convinced by Starship, the company's ultra-ambitious experimental spacecraft that, well, keeps exploding. Specifically, Jurczyk said that he didn't feel confident in SpaceX's timeline for the craft. Instead, he took the opportunity to stridently defend the NASA's Space Launch System (SLS), a super-powerful in-development spacecraft with similar-but-not-identical specs to Starship. Both vehicles are intended to launch crewed missions to the Moon — though SpaceX CEO Elon Musk claims Starship will eventually be able to transport astronauts to Mars as well. Overall, Futurism readers weren't so sure about Jurczyk's views on SpaceX: Really? Starship bas been built and tested for about a year and SLS goes back to the Bush administration and is based on tech developed in the 70s. Also the Starship prototypes have air time. We cannot say that for SLS. -Daniel, SLS Defender  Many agreed, praising Musk and Starship: Starship will win out in the end, because reusability has to be the future to spaceflight. NASA are just trying to defend their outdated design. -Ade, Reusability Advocate Just for fun, Robitzski also asked Jurczyk whether he had any thoughts about extraterrestrial life. Jurczyk demurred, but our readers had... well, they had a lot of thoughts: Honestly the fact they are still trying to hide aliens is a joke. Most people have had at least one interaction that they believe was aliens. -Kody, Alien Interactor  But other readers dragged those alien conspiracy theories back to Earth: I came here to read the comments of nutters. I wasn't disappointed.  -Adrian, Nutter Reader >> Speaking of our interview with Steve Jurczyk, a humble entreaty to our readers: Chasing down the highest-ranking official at NASA isn't easy, and that's why we did it. If you want to help support Futurism's hard-hitting journalism about the future of space travel, you can subscribe here — for just $5.99/month, less than the cost of a drink at Starbucks. And as a bonus? We'll pay special attention to your comments for future editions of the Futurism Mailbag.  Speaking of SpaceX, its CEO Elon Musk released a trickle of new info this week about another of his projects: the mysterious brain-computer interface startup Neuralink. First he claimed that the company has wired up a monkey to play videogames with its mind. Futurism readers were alarmed: Animal abuse in the name of science. -Darrel, Animal Defender Other readers, though, were more concerned with how the technology will come to be used on humans — while still being impressed with its potential: Meanwhile, Musk revealed that Neuralink may begin human trials as early as this year. We asked our readers whether they'd volunteer for a first-generation Neuralink implant — see the poll results here — and replies were all over the place: Do I need to pay for a premium subscription to stop the ads in my imagination? No chance is a corporation going near my brain LOL. Damien, Corporation Disliker Others were more enthusiastic: Sign me up. -Stephen, Brain Implant Enthusiast Other readers took the opportunity to reflect on the lessons of dystopian fiction: I've seen enough "Black Mirror" to know not to jump on this idea right away. -CK, "Black Mirror" Watcher And others saw some dark humor in the whole episode: People won't get the COVID vaccine because they think a billionaire is trying to control them but volunteer for a different billionaire to literally put a computer in their brain. -Lewis, Perspective Haver More original reporting, this time by Futurism's Victor Tangermann, who tracked down the controversial Harvard astronomer Avi Loeb for a scintillating profile about questioning scientific dogma — and the case for alien life. Loeb is best-known for claiming that an object that drifted through the solar system in 2017 was likely an alien probe. His academic peers aren't convinced — and neither were Futurism readers: You ever notice all these people bringing aliens to the front page all have new book deals? -Andrew, Pattern Recognizer And of course there were tongue-in-cheek responses that caught the eye of Futurism Mailbag: If it came from Haaavard, it should automatically be considered the truth. It's why the college rankings exist. -Rich, Harvard Disrespecter  >> Sorry, we gotta say it again: Original reporting like Victor's interview with Dr. Loeb takes time and effort. To help Futurism produce more journalism about the search for alien civilizations, please consider subscribing to Futurism for just $5.99/month. We'll be really, really grateful — and it'll help us keep doing journalism like the story above. Yes, another Elon story dominated the headlines this week. The latest prototype of the company's Starship exploded after a hard landing. Some reader responses were snarky: Well it did land. It just disassembled itself rapidly on touchdown. -Adam, Synonym Producer Others defended the explosion as a learning exercise: The entire purpose of these flights is to *test* new technology and methods. This was always to be expected. They will learn from this, and adapt accordingly; this is how innovation works. -Warren, Innovation Explainer And others got a bit meta, like Joshua: Too many experts in the comment section. -Joshua, Expert Beholder On the news that SpaceX will be flying a random contest winner into orbit: Maybe after the test launches stop exploding. -Amy, SpaceX Disrespector  On the NATO secretary-general suggesting that military tanks should have solar panels: Nothing is more noble than to think about the planet while killing a fellow human. -Farhad, Sarcasm Employer Readers weren't entirely convinced by a Russian combat suit that claims to be able to survive a .50 caliber bullet: Doesn't pierce the suit but turns the person inside it into custard. -Ade, Combat Suit Critic On the musician Claire "Grimes" Boucher saying she'd love to move to Mars for "manual labor until death": Can’t she just engage in manual labor until death here on Earth? -Darja, Manual Labor Advocate And, finally, some economic thoughts about the first 3D printed house to be sold in the United States: But what about all the construction worker jobs? What about all the fast food jobs? What about all the factory jobs? What about all the warehouse jobs? Looks like the next stage of human existence is automation and there is nothing stopping it. So maybe instead of worrying we figure out solutions to the problems that will arise from it. -Aaron, Human Existence Considerer That's all for this week. To be featured in next week's Futurism Mailbag, shoot us an email! And to support us... please subscribe. Share This Article 
One of the worst parts of adulting is dealing with the day-to-day responsibilities associated with being alive, especially when all you want to do is cozy up and indulge in a midday catnap. But before you roll your eyes at the thought of adding a nap to your daily routine, research out of Harvard suggests the key to being more productive in the afternoon is an afternoon snooze. Not only is it a good way to get more done, but scientists also found that napping makes people more effective problem solvers. So as it turns out, when it comes to getting over the afternoon hump, nothing is more effective than a quick power nap. But how are you supposed to doze off after lunch when you're working a 9-to-5 job? This is where the Original Ostrich Napping Pillow comes into play. Ostrich Pillow, the company behind the Original Napping Pillow operates under the fundamental belief that the world needs more self-care. In order to build a world where this belief becomes a reality, they designed the world's best napping pillow. It's a cocoon-like sleeping cushion that cradles your head and neck, helps block out light, and provides the kind of absolute comfort to help you disconnect and catch some shut-eye. With Original Napping Pillow, you can create a space of your own anytime, anywhere. All you have to do is slip it on whenever you want to take a break from the world, and focus on what really matters: your own wellbeing. And if you don't want to wear it, squeezing it as a huggable lounge pillow is the perfect way to take a break from your hectic schedule. Part of what makes Original Napping Pillow a revolutionary wellness product is its state of the art design. It's lovingly handmade using a high-quality combination of viscose and elastomer, along with next-generation coated micro bead filling. Together, it creates a perfect partnership to help you calmly drift away. And its teardrop shape has a built-in mouth opening and hand openings, essentially making the pillow a soothing sleep cave for your head and hands. So no matter when or where you decide to take a snooze, you'll block out light and noise so you can quickly and easily get to sleep. Ostrich Pillow's purpose has always been to contribute to the wellbeing of local and global communities. Naturally, this lead them to develop a company with sustainable business practices so they can work to not only reverse the damage industrialization has inflicted on our environment, but also protectsthe precious resources we already have. Doing this helps offsets the carbon cost of anything bought from their store. This means when you buy your Original Napping Pillow, money from that purchase goes directly into funding projects that protect our environment. This makes the Original Napping Pillow a gift for yourself that keeps on giving. Not only that, but Ostrich Pillow invests in initiatives that capture or prevent emissions, so their company can be classified as carbon neutral. The Original Napping Pillow comes with a 2-year warranty and free shipping. If you're still not sure if Original Napping Pillow is for you, it also has a 100-day return period. So at any point during that time, you can send back your pillow for a complete refund. So what are you waiting for? It's time to experience this revolutionary power nap pillow for yourself.  So click here to get your Original Napping Pillow, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Educational toys aren't what they used to be. The days of flashcards, building blocks, and workbooks are as archaic as the lessons they taught. These days, if you want your child to have a competitive chance at a successful future, you have to prepare them with programs that will enrich the STEM curriculum. In fact, a recent study concluded that young children are more than capable to engage in the scientific methods taught to high schoolers, if the lessons were taught at an appropriate level. That's where Learn With Mochi comes in, an award-winning kids coding instructional tool for children ages 3-9 that is completly screen free. With Mochi, your mini-me will learn the basics of computer programming in a playful, hands-on way as they explore STEM subjects through fun storybooks. Mochi's hands-on experience empowers all children to become makers, creators, and shapers of the technologies we use in our everyday life. Mochi teaches younger kids coding basics, and it does it all without the use of a addictive screens. Its hands-on design guides children through the fundamentals of computer programming. That's because Mochi harnesses children's innate love for stories to introduce abstract programming concepts in a fun, low-barrier way. Each Mochi kit includes these basic components: the Mochi Computer (where kids place the coding commands or blocks), coding blocks, Mochi Bear (a stuffed animal), Lego-compatible Rover, and the playmat (the environment that Mochi is exploring). Together these components work to teach kids coding in an interactive and screen-free way To start your child's STEM education with Mochi, choose one of the three Adenture Packs. Mochi's Basic 1 Book Adventure Pack includes everything your child needs to get started exploring STEM using the Mochi method: Mochi bear, Lego-compatible Rover, Programming board with 12 coding blocks, and Mochi's Planets Story set (includes story map). Plus, every Mochi kit comes with a unique SD card that provides unique songs, music, and even audio of the Mochi books. That's just where the adventure begins. Next, they offer the Mochi Starter 4 Book Adventure Pack. Like the Basic 1 Book Adventure Pack, it includes Mochi bear, Lego-compatible Rover, Programming board with 12 coding blocks, as well as 4 Story Adventure Sets (Planets, Animals, Earth and Biology). The library of educational books provides a story line where Mochi Bear teaches important subjects for early childhood development and takes your child on coding adventures. For the kid who must have it all, there's the Mochi Extended 12 Book Coding Adventure Pack. It comes with everything in the 1 Book Adventure Pack, plus all 12 of the Story Adventure Sets (Planets, Colors, Numbers, Letters, Shapes, Animals, Earth, Time, Fruits & Vegetables, Biology, Good Habits, Words). These books cover core topics in STEM, which is used to teach your child the basics of computer programming. That way your child can always be learning, growing and adapting to technology. If we've learned anything from recent events, it's that technology is a critical part of our lives. Yet most of us merely consume it. Giving your child the gift of computational thinking is powerful, because it strengthens their chances of excelling in STEM and at life in general. So what are you waiting for? Click here to ensure your children are an integral part of building our future. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Every day you breathe in untold microscopic particles floating in the air. Dust, bacteria, mold, and other contaminants are often invisible to the naked eye but, can accumulate in your lungs and cause respiratory issues and other ailments. If you’re concerned about the quality of the air you breathe in your home or office, an air purifier is a great way to improve the situation. And the Airdog X5 Home Air Purifier is the most effective, most ecologically friendly air purifier on the market today. Air quality is tied to everything from asthma to allergies. And to help prevent these issues, the Airdog X5 uses a traditional ionic processes as well as its own proprietary TPA tech to not just collect but destroy everything floating in the air you breathe down to 0.0146 microns. An Airdog X5 collects, eliminates, and destroys: That means that any space with an Airdog X5 air purifier will be as clean and healthy as possible -- at least as far as the air is concerned. And this might go without saying, but you’ll probably notice the air smells better, too. The Airdog X5’s active filtration goes above and beyond typical HPA filters by zapping contaminants out of existence instead of just collecting them. The X5 can filter contaminants that are up to 20-times smaller than those handled by average air filters. But its high performance isn’t the only feature that makes it the best in its field. The collecting plates that let the Airdog X5 air purifier work are washable and reusable, which means unlike most other filters, you don’t have to buy replacement filters. And that means that the X5 is also better for the environment, with no discarded filters contributing to environmental clutter. On the subject of eco-friendliness, the X5 is also certified for CARB qualified ozone emission. If you’re worried about the noise an air purifier as powerful as the Airdog X5 might make, don’t be. The X5 is whisper quiet, and in sleep mode (one of its six smartly engineered operating modes), it makes just 22 decibels of noise. The Airdog X5’s collecting plates are extremely lightweight -- just 4.4 pounds. That's 30-percent lighter than the metal plates used in previous models. Another improvement over the old metal plates is the quicker drying time -- only about 20 minutes compared to the full 24 hours it took the older plates to dry. Best of all, you can try the Airdog X5 Home Air Purifier for 30 days thanks to its risk-free home trial. If you decide you don’t like it, send it back for a full refund. So if you’re ready to see the difference the Airdog X5 can make in your home or office, head over to the Airdog online store and order yours now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Giving up alcohol is something that many of us have considered at one point or another. The negative side-effects of the habit are well known. But unfortunately, non alcoholic alternatives usually leave a lot to be desired. But a company called Better Rhodes is changing all that. As the premier online marketplace for the best in specially curated non alcoholic beers and beverages, Better Rhodes offers a variety of products that look, smell, and taste just like the real thing. Better Rhodes isn’t just an online store for non-alcoholic products. It’s a specially curated marketplace where every product you see on the virtual shelf has been hand-selected by a team of experts who are always on the lookout for the newest and the best offerings. And with an insider subscription, you too can help these experts to discover new, exciting, and delicious beverages. If you’re looking for a good way to get started with Better Rhodes, the non Alcoholic Beer Box Insider Subscription is for you. For 24.99, the best of craft brewed non alcoholic beer will be delivered right to your doorstep each and every month. In each box, you'll receive a specially curated box from the company's ever-expanding collection of non-alcoholic beers. But as an insider, you'll have the unique opportunity to try new products before they hit the shelves. You'll also get the chance to provide Better Rhodes with your feedback to help them expand the site. As a special thank you, you'll also get loads of Better Rhodes swag and other gifts from their partners. Since many of the products are new, you may not love everything. But you will get to try everything, and you're bound to discover some really delicious and interesting brews, which is the point. But if you are not thrilled with your box, they offer a 100-percent satisfaction guarantee, so you've got nothing to lose, and a whole new world of delicious non alcoholic craft beer to gain. So click here now to check out Better Rhodes for yourself. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We can all agree that having cats pop in and out of our Zooms is adorable, even when it makes getting work done difficult. But the reality is being at home more doesn't actually mean more time for Mr. Fluffles. As always, there are snuggles. But between all the new added responsibilities of working from home, your cat hasn't been getting quite as much attention as it would prefer. According to RSPCA, cats are one of the most neglected pets in today's society, so we're not just speculating, here. And that's unfortunate, because exercising your feline friend's prey drive with interactive play is essential to their overall development, and truly contributes to their quality of life. However, there is one way to ensure your cat gets the attention and play they need even if you're busy or away. It's called Ebo Catpal, and it's the smartest, life-like robot cat companion on the market today. Without proper stimulation and socialization, cats can develop depression, obesity, and other major health problems. Ebo Catpal is a robot cat companion creates a world of interaction, fun, stimulation, and connection that helps your cat to thrive and achieve the best physical and mental health that they possibly can. Cats love Ebo because it imitates the movements and sounds of real-life play. Part of how it accomplishes this is through its autonomous movements as it rolls and dances on its own. But don't worry about furniture. Ebo Catpal is equipped with collision sensors. Plus, unlike your cat, Ebo takes care of its own needs, and automatically returns to its dock when it's time to charge. You don't have to do a thing. Ebo keeps your cat happy thanks to its sophisticated design. It's connected to WiFi, allowing you to monitor your cat with streaming HD video and sound through its easy-to-use mobile app. Additionally, it also takes videos and photos, and has a mic so you can speak to your furbaby when you're away. It also has a built-in low-intensity laser that you can control. But that's not all. You can fine-tune Ebo Catpal to your cat's needs by programming it to wake up and go to sleep at specific times. Thanks to the mobile app's built-in editing and social features, creating quirky and memorable content of your fluffball is easier than ever. Most importantly, you never have to worry about your data security because Ebo has no cloud storage. That's right. All camera visuals are live-streamed only and the data is only stored if you choose to manually store it on your phone. Ebo Catpal offers a variety of accessories and packages to make sure your cat has everything it needs to keep its prey instinct satiated. The Ebo Catpal Standard Classic Set includes the Ebo Catpal, a charging dock, a soldier hat, and a bamboo hat. The next package offered is the Ebo Catpal Standard Luxury Set, which includes everything from the Standard Classic Set plus a Santa hat and outfit, and a reindeer hat and outfit. Finally, for cats that need to be endlessly entertained, there's the Ebo Catpal Pro Classic Set with AI Intelligence. These AI algorithms detect your cat's mood and adapt to its unique play style and personality. Choosing Ebo Catpal Pro Classic Set is investing in a constantly-adapting, mentally-stimulating, and customizable smart AI companion, ensuring Ebo will be your cat’s favorite playmate for years to come. By choosing Ebo Catpal, you won't just be investing in stimulating your cat so it stays healthy and lives longer, but you'll also be investing in your own peace of mind. With Ebo Catpal, all you have to do is open its compatible mobile app and let it take care of the rest. So what are you waiting for? Click here now to keep Mr. Fluffles busy when you can't. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Do you sometimes feel like your brain is in a fog? Is day-to-day life leaving you overwhelmed and mentally drained? Are you having trouble staying productive? Well, there’s a name for all that. It’s called mental fatigue. It’s what happens during prolonged periods of intense and stressful cognitive activity. And pretty much everyone is going through it. How could we not? Modern life is stressful and exhausting under normal circumstances. With everything going on in the world right now, you can drink a whole pot of coffee and still not have the energy you need to stay focused and get through your day. But here’s some good news. You can defeat mental fatigue if you feed your brain the raw nutrients and fuel it needs to restore peak cognitive performance. And doing that has never been easier thanks to TruBrain nootropics. TruBrain was founded by a former Unilever executive and a team of UCLA neuroscientists who wanted to help regular people be the best possible versions of themselves. To do that they created Brain Food, a scientifically formulated blend of nootropic compounds that has been clinically proven to enhance verbal fluency and improve both memory and learning. Now, you may have read about nootropics on this site before. But for those who haven’t, nootropics are nutrients, minerals, amino acids, and other compounds that the brain uses as fuel for neurotransmission. Though they are sometimes referred to as “smart drugs,” nootropics don’t actually make you more intelligent. Instead they just make your brain work more efficiently. Supplement companies often market nootropics like they’re some kind of new scientific discovery. However, human beings have been using nootropics to boost mental performance for millennia. What’s different now is that scientists actually understand how nootropics work, and which ones have synergistic interactions with each other. This new understanding is what helped TruBrain create Brain Food. Brain Food is a nutritional supplement that has been methodically engineered by TruBrain’s team of scientists to create the biological conditions necessary for peak cognitive performance. Like a lot of other nootropic supplements, Brain Food contains the so-called “everyman stack” of caffeine and l-theanine, a combo humans have been taking for thousands of years in the form of green tea. Caffeine, of course, is a central nervous system stimulant that increases alertness and energy by blocking the neurological receptors for drowsiness. L-theanine, meanwhile, is an amino acid that produces a sense of calm and relaxation and is especially effective in soothing nervousness and jitters that come with caffeine. Numerous studies have shown rather conclusively that, when taken together, caffeine and l-theanine can improve mental performance, alertness, and mood. In addition to caffeine and l-theanine for alertness and focus, TruBrain’s Brain Food also contains a synthetic nootropic molecule called noopept. This molecule increases blood flow to the brain and makes acetylcholine receptors in the brain more receptive. Increased blood flow to the brain enhances neuroplasticity, which is a brain cell’s ability to build new neural connections. The more neural connections in your brain, the higher your brain function. Meanwhile, enhanced acetylcholine reception makes communication between neurons faster and more efficient. Of course, an increase in neurotransmission requires more energy. That’s why Brain Food also contains raw nutrients that your attention system burns for fuel. These include magnesium, a key mineral that an estimated 90 percent of people are deficient in; tyrosine, an amino acid that plays a vital role in communication between brain cells; carnitine, which helps neurons break down glucose and fatty acids for fuel; and citicoline, which is a precursor to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. It is not possible to describe in exact detail the benefits you will experience from using TruBrain. The reason for this is that, like snowflakes, no two brains are exactly alike. However, third party clinical trials and EEG brainwave analysis have demonstrated that Brain Food boosts high alpha brain waves. And high alpha brain waves are indicators of an enhanced focus, verbal fluency, memory, and learning. TruBrain's advanced blend of nootropics and nutrients comes in 1oz liquid shots with a refreshing tropical flavor. These shots are available in quantities of 20, 30, and 60. You get discounts of 10, 20, and 30 percent when you subscribe and pre-pay for three, six, and 12 months respectively. And new subscribers also get an additional 10 percent off their first order. Life probably isn’t going to get a whole lot easier any time soon. So if you’re tired of mental fatigue, and you want a way to focus, think, remember, and create better, don’t just pump your brain full of stimulants and sugar. Order TruBrain today and start giving it the scientifically formulated nutrition it needs. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The 2020s are doing for adult content what the Great Depression did for Hollywood musicals. But no matter what the economy looks like, you get sick of watching chorus lines after a while. Fortunately, we have technology that goes well beyond the simple act of watching. With the KIIROO Titan VR Experience bundle, you can get everything you need to explore the cutting edge of virtual sex in one package. The flagship of the Titan VR Experience is the KIIROO Titan itself. The Titan is the first and best interactive vibrating stroker. When used in conjunction with the included virtual reality rig and any of the thousands of interactive adult videos currently out there to enjoy, the Titan VR Experience will make the old way of watching adult content seem like something out of the previous century -- which it was. The Titan gives users unparalleled levels of sensation thanks to its nine vibrating motors within its real-feel sleeve. These bullet-shaped motors are strategically placed to make the Titan feel better than any other stroker, and its touch-sensitive control pads bring both sensitivity and responsiveness like you’ve never felt before. Another great feature of the KIIROO Titan is its connectivity with other Titan devices over the Internet. That means that a partner can control every vibration and every stroke you feel through your own Titan no matter how far away they might be. If you’re curious about what using the KIIROO Titan stroker might be like (and by this point you must be), the Titan VR Experience is a great way to get everything you need to appreciate it fully. Not only do you get the stroker and a pair VR goggles, but the bundle also comes with a bottle of KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant, and a bottle of KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner, all discreetly shipped to your door. The virtual reality set included in the Titan VR Experience bundle works with almost any standard smartphone, as long as the screen is between 3.5 and 6 inches. And there are thousands of interactive adult videos in both three dimensions and two already out there, and they're waiting to be enhanced by the KIIROO Titan stroker, which of course can also work its magic on regular old non-interactive adult content, as well. Between it and the included virtual reality set, the future of virtual reality sex is finally here. You’ve already got a compatible smartphone, thousands of interactive adult videos, and an open mind. All that’s left for you to do is head over to the KIIROO online store and order your own Titan VR Experience bundle today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When Joe Biden became president, there was a changing of the guard at NASA. Trump appointee Jim Bridenstine resigned, leaving associate administrator Steve Jurczyk in charge. NASA hired Jurczyk as an electrical engineer in the late 1980s, but over time he climbed the ladder until he was the highest-ranking civilian at the agency. Now he's in charge until President Biden decides to name a formal replacement. During his tenure, he'll face unique challenges — not the least of which is running the space agency from his basement due to the pandemic. Futurism caught up with Jurczyk to talk Artemis, SpaceX, climate change, China, and yes, aliens. This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity. Futurism: NASA has largely maintained the reputation of being an apolitical organization. I'm curious how you and your colleagues, as long-term NASA leaders, juggle these administration-spanning projects with shifting political priorities. Is that a challenge as the president comes in and changes the mission?       Steve Jurczyk: Yeah, it is a challenge. I think you articulated the challenge in that the missions we're trying to accomplish and the programs that enable those missions can run from two or three years to decades. And so the political process and the budget process don't necessarily optimally support any activity, mission, or program that takes five, 10, 15 years to plan and implement. So that is a challenge. Our fundamental strategy, or how administrations want to use assets strategically, really doesn't change from administration to administration. There are some enduring [priorities] that carry over related to expanding knowledge through both science and human exploration missions. Now, priorities within science and how we expand knowledge will vary, but that mission remains the same. I think the United States has led in human exploration ever since the days of Apollo and the Space Shuttle, the International Space Station, and now the Artemis program. So there are lots of reasons why we want to be the leader, worldwide, in human exploration, including utilizing NASA as a tool of soft power with respect to our international relations. We have to be able to adjust our tactical plans, our program plans to align with those priorities within those bigger strategic areas that are more enduring. Your predecessor laid out a lot of highly-ambitious plans, like landing the first woman on the Moon by 2024 and establishing a long-term lunar base. I assume Artemis isn't being abandoned, but are you still pursuing those same timelines? SJ: Every indication we have so far, in week two of the new administration, is that Artemis will not be abandoned. Well, of course, I exaggerate there. SJ: One of the reasons [for going to the Moon] is to demonstrate technological capabilities that we're going to need for, eventually, a mission to Mars. And then the ultimate goal is a crewed mission to Mars and the Martian surface. I think using the International Space Station, using missions around and on the surface of the Moon, with the ultimate goal being Mars, is still the strategic direction for human exploration. I think that the Moon-to-Mars strategy of Artemis is still our strategic vector. And then we have to look at the funding in our fiscal year 2021 appropriation. We've proposed roughly $3.2 billion in 2021 for the human landing system. And I think we received roughly about a quarter of that, about $850 million. So given that change in budget, particularly for that landing system, we'll have to look at the timeline for what we now call the Artemis III mission, which is the mission that would land the first woman and the next man on the Moon in 2024. Mostly driven by budget and not necessarily by policy, we're looking at the timeline for the Artemis III mission and that might affect the Artemis IV mission. We are holding the Artemis I mission for later this year. The baseline is to launch in early November. That's the only uncrewed test flight of the Space Launch System and the Orion spacecraft. And then we're planning on the crewed test flight, a mission to go around the Moon and return, Artemis II, in the 2023 timeframe. The Perseverance rover is scheduled to land on Mars in February. Stashed on board is a small helicopter designed to fly in Mars' thin atmosphere and weak gravity. It's highly experimental. Would you put ten dollars on the Marscopter successfully becoming the first human-made aircraft to fly on an alien world? SJ: It is very experimental, the technology development. If it works, it has some operational use. It could be a scout for the rover. It could kind of look beyond the rover's range for trajectory planning, for how we drive the rover on the surface of Mars. I think there's a pretty good shot. I think I probably would put $10 down that it would work. The Marscopter is a really nice partnership that started when I was the director at the Langley Research Center, with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), to use our helicopter expertise, our rotary wing expertise, and aeronautics research to design a very, very lightweight, relatively-small helicopter with large blades counter-rotating at fairly high speed to be able to generate the lift that the helicopter needs in the Martian atmosphere. The atmospheric pressure is equivalent to 100,000 feet on earth. So yeah, we did testing in the vacuum chamber at JPL and flew the rover in the vacuum chamber at the low atmospheric pressure. I believe if we land and deploy the rover to the surface, there's a good probability we'll fly some distance on Mars. But it is very experimental.  It's been reported that the White House wants NASA to reemphasize climate change. I'm curious what you think about NASA's capacity to focus on climate change research in addition to space exploration, and how you plan to balance those priorities. SJ: I mean, the major contribution that NASA makes to climate change is in research and through our science missions. So we have some missions in earth science that have been proposed to be terminated by the previous administration over the last few years, but usually, the funding for those missions gets put back in by Congress. So no change there. Those missions are the PACE Mission and the CLARREO Pathfinder Mission. CLARREO Pathfinder is very specifically tied to climate change research. We've been making measurements of the Earth's radiation budget by measuring the energy coming off the top of the atmosphere for decades now. Knowing what the Sun's solar output is and what's coming out of the top of the atmosphere of the Earth system, we can determine the amount of energy being trapped within the Earth system. What CLARREA Pathfinder does is takes more precise measurements of that energy coming off the top of the atmosphere. It gives us kind of the colors of energy, the spectral content of the energy coming off the atmosphere, which will help improve climate change models. So those will most likely be supported by the administration to continue. Then we have the Decadal Survey. NASA and external scientists get together every 10 years and determine what the appropriate research priorities should be and what observations are required to enable those science priorities. So we're in the early years of the last Decadal Survey for earth science. We'll be looking at how to accelerate some of that research, the measurements that are required, and how to fold those missions into our plan for accelerating those and contributing more in the near-term to research for global climate change. We haven't done the work yet, so I'm not sure what additional funding is required to accelerate those operations and missions. Of course, these are early days. SJ: Yeah, it would be pretty premature to comment on what the impacts might be on the overall budget of NASA and other areas of NASA. But we're going to do that work and see how we can potentially accelerate some of those observations or earth science missions, to accelerate the research, to contribute to the administration's whole of government approach to dealing with climate change. Let's talk about the Space Launch System. It has many similar goals to SpaceX's Starship. I'm curious what you see happening, say, if either the SLS or the Starship is ready and working before the other one. Is there room in the sky for both? Or would you expect NASA to rely more heavily on whichever one is operational first? SJ: Yeah, that's a challenging question to answer because, you know, it involves speculation. What I can say now is that the Space Launch System is farther along than the Starship or any other commercial [project] with respect to a super heavy-lift capability that's purpose-built for human spaceflight missions. I think in the near term, we're really focused on getting SLS developed and getting this crewed test flight on the schedule so we can then do future Artemis missions including the first crewed mission to the lunar surface. We will always look at evolving capabilities within the industry and look for how they can best be utilized to meet our goals and objectives, including those at the heart of this program. But it's hard for me to determine. I know what the timelines are for the SLS, but it's hard to determine what the timeline is and capabilities are for the Starship. And then the Starship is the spacecraft, but there's still the undeveloped super-heavy lift rocket that would actually lift the Starship to orbit and eventually on to the Moon. I applaud SpaceX and what they've been able to accomplish in partnership with us through the commercial cargo and the commercial crew program. It's just I know what our plan is for SLS, and it's just hard for me to determine how we would leverage capabilities like Starship and the super-heavy that would launch Starship without understanding their timeline, their capabilities, and a lot more detail. It's sort of an apples-to-oranges comparison between the SLS and Starship because the Starship is really the spacecraft. Rather, it's where we are at SLS versus where SpaceX would be with their super-heavy launch vehicle that really launches the Starship. That's a fair distinction to make. SJ: Yeah. Orion is ready to fly for the first crewed mission and it's actually been handed over to the team at Kennedy Space Center that's going to integrate it onto the SLS launch vehicle. And once we get the testing behind us, we'll either decide to do another hot-fire test or go straight to Kennedy. The SLS will be at the Kennedy Space Center for integration either in late February or late March, depending on whether we decide to repeat the hot-fire test or not. Is China's push to get astronauts onto the Moon and to launch its own space station a source of concern or pressure within NASA? SJ: I wouldn't say it's a source of concern or pressure, but we are watching closely what the Chinese are doing. And, you know we have been prohibited by Congress from bilateral discussions with China. And so that gives us somewhat less insight into their plan and definitely keeps us from direct collaboration with them. But yeah, there's no doubt that China has a very ambitious plan for human spaceflight, including Earth-orbiting space stations, and they've obviously done robotic missions to the Moon, and they have plans for the longer term for human spaceflight. And they have a robotic mission that's headed to Mars orbit in early February. Right around the same time as NASA, yeah. SJ: I mean, we keep an eye on what the Chinese are doing. But it hasn't really driven, directly, our strategy or our planning to date. That may change depending on the administration and what their policy is towards China and how they may or may not want more civil space cooperation between NASA and the Chinese space agency. But that's too early to tell. That's to be determined. It's very interesting because we're actually the only country that successfully landed something on Mars. So if China was successful after getting into orbit and landing later on this year, they would be the second country to do it. So everyone I know would disown me if I didn't ask. Aliens — coming soon? SJ: [Laughter] You know, it's, uh, hard to say. But you know, part of the Mars mission is looking for past signs of life, and we're detecting planets around other stars, right? With Kepler and eventually with the James Webb Space Telescope and other missions, we want to do direct imaging of exoplanets, planets around other stars. So we're advancing our knowledge there. But so far, no aliens. Share This Article 
Finding a good hobby can be a great way to de-stress, unwind, and decompress, while simultaneously learning new things and making yourself a more well-rounded and interesting person. And luckily, if you’re a science and technology buff, there are lots of really cool hobbies out there, from flying drones and setting up smart homes, to 3D printing and computer programming. However, if you’re looking for a tech hobby that combines elements of all of these things, you really need to take a look at the Rotrics DexArm, a versatile desktop robotic arm that will make you feel like you’re living in the future (which you are). The DexArm is a robotic arm that runs on open-source software and features interchangeable modules which allow it to function as a 3D printer, a laser engraver and cutter, a pen plotter, and even an AI assistant robot. The DexArm is precise down to just 50 microns. Its 3D printing module can print using a number of versatile materials, including PLA, TPU, wood, and carbon fiber. Its laser engraving and cutting module lets you engrave, etch, and cut on materials like cardboard, wood, and ceramics. Its pen holder module can draw everything from schematics to custom illustrations. And its soft gripper and air picker modules let you create all sorts of custom tasks Unlike other 3D printers, the DexArm has a huge working range of 8.3 x 11.7 inches for 2D objects and 8.6 x 8.6 x 14.9 inches for 3D objects. If you install the DexArm on the optional sliding rail kit, the number of things you can create is practically unlimited. What does all that mean? It means you can use the DexArm to create and do almost anything you can imagine. Invent and print custom designed gadgets. Create stunning one-of-a-kind illustrations. Teach it to sign autographs or address envelopes. Have it pour you a cold one after a long day at work. Computer programming, a.k.a. coding, is one of the most essential facets of 21st century education—not just because it makes us more employable, but because it helps us understand the modern world and teaches us news ways to solve problems and communicate ideas. Whether you’re looking for a fun and engaging way to get your kids into coding, or you’re trying to educate yourself, the DexArm could be just the thing you need. If you want, you can use the included Rotrics Studio software to design projects and create custom automations for the DexArm. However, it’s also fully compatible with Scratch, the internationally acclaimed MIT-designed coding app your kids probably already know how to use. And for those who are a little more advanced, Rotrics provides API for using programming languages like C, C++, Python, Java, Javascript, and ROS. In short, you can have all kinds of fun with the DexArm whether you’re a coding expert or a total beginner. The Rotrics DexArm comes with three different kits at three different price points. However, the best value is the Luxury Kit. It includes the DexArm, a 3.5-inch touchscreen controller, plus the pen holder module, laser engraving module, 3D printing module, soft-gripper module, and air-picker module—all for less than a thousand dollars. Rotrics also offers a number of accessories for the DexArm that you may find useful when you start working on more advanced projects. These include the aforementioned sliding rail kit, as well as a computer vision kit, a safety enclosure, and a conveyor belt. If you or anyone in your family is into robotics, engineering, 3D printing, graphic design, computer programming, or artificial intelligence, the Rotrics DexArm could be just the thing to snap your addiction to doomscrolling, TikTok dances, or any other activities that might be wasting all your free time. And with a one-year warranty and 30-day money back guarantee, you have absolutely nothing to lose from giving it a shot. So click here to order yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you had any idea how many bacteria, germs, and other microbes were festering on your towels and sheets it would probably be enough to make you move into some underground germ-free research facility out of The Andromeda Strain. Fortunately, you don’t have to go to such impossible lengths to free yourself from 99.9 percent of the microbes that use your bed sheets and towels as a petri dish. Instead, you can just buy the Miracle Home Bundle and introduce yourself to the magic of antimicrobial silver. You might not be aware of this, but silver has natural antimicrobial properties that attract nasty microbes like a magnet and then prevents them from reproducing. Miracle products like the Miracle Home Bundle are made with this same silver. It's woven into the very fiber of the products. The end result is that Miracle sheets, pillowcases, and towels look and feel like regular (albeit very comfortable and high-quality) material, but under a microscope they basically clean themselves. In fact, Miracle Brand products can be washed as much as three times less often than traditional sheets and towels. If you’re looking for a good place to start with Miracle Brand, the Miracle Brand Home Bundle is probably the way to go. By buying a sheet and towel set bundled together, you can save 25 percent compared to what all these items would cost you separately. Here’s a very quick breakdown of everything you get with a Miracle Home Bundle: All that, which will keep your bedroom and bathroom much, much closer to germ-free than it is now, will set you back $195 for a Queen-size set, including shipping and even the cost of a return if for whatever reason you aren’t satisfied with the products. Have more of a taste for the finer things in life? You can opt for the Extra Luxe sateen version of the Home Bundle, which is itself a bargain at just $229. And the Home Bundle is available in a variety of different sizes and colors for whatever fits best in your home. Normal fabric, as you might be aware, can serve as a breeding ground for nasty bacteria and microbes of all types. Two weeks after washing, there’s almost certainly extensive growth happening all over your bed sheets, towels, and washcloths, invisible to the naked eye, but capable of causing skin problems and bad odors. But in those same two weeks, the products you get as part of the Miracle Home Bundle will still be more or less bacteria-free thanks to the process of ionization provided courtesy of Miracle’s antimicrobial silver. If you’re starting to feel like your current bed and bath situation is intolerable due to the millions of small, uninvited guests currently taking refuge in your sheets and towels, Miracle Brand is here to help. So head over to the Miracle online store and get your Miracle Home Bundle today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Sterilizing everyday items is a great way to protect yourself and your family from COVID-19, not to mention all sorts of other germs that cause colds, the flu, and other illnesses. However, not all high-touch everyday items are easy to sterilize with disinfectant wipes or sprays. Things like phones, earbuds, keys, and wallets have tiny nooks and crannies that are hard to get into, or are made from materials that shouldn’t be doused in Lysol. But luckily, there is a way to disinfect and sterilize without harsh chemicals. All you need is a UV sanitizer like the surprisingly affordable portable UV Sterilizer Box. For those who might need a little science refresher, UV stands for ultraviolet. It’s a kind of invisible electromagnetic radiation emitted by the sun, and there are three types: UVA, UVB, and UVC. UVA makes up the vast majority of the UV radiation that reaches the surface of the earth, and is believed to be responsible for 80 percent of all skin damage. UVB is less prevalent but more dangerous. It damages the DNA in our skin, which leads to sunburn and cancer. However, we can protect ourselves from both UVA and UVB with sunscreen, sunglasses, and clothing. The third type of UV radiation, UVC, is the most dangerous. It has a shorter, more energetic wavelength that simply obliterates genetic material. Luckily, the earth’s atmosphere filters out UVC radiation emitted from the sun. But ever since it was discovered back in 1878, we have been using UVC to sterilize everything from hospitals to airplanes to factories, and even drinking water. Now, with this portable UV Sterilizer Box, you can use UVC radiation to sterilize all sorts of everyday objects that may be contaminated with harmful viruses, bacteria, and basically anything with DNA. The Portable UV Light Sanitizer Box measures 10x8x6 inches and looks like a soft-sided lunch bag. However, on the inside there’s an array of high-powered ultraviolet lamps that provide UVC radiation 20 times more intense than the sun. And the box is lined with a reflective material that ensures complete 360-degree exposure. The UVC radiation eliminates 99.9 percent of bacteria and viruses by warping the structure of their genetic material, rendering them unable to reproduce. The Portable UV Light Sanitizer Box is small and light enough to take with you anywhere you go, and it could not be easier to use. All you have to do is place any object you want to disinfect inside, close the zipper, and press the button. In just three minutes, your items will be completely free of all viruses and bacteria. You can sterilize face masks, keys, phones, glasses, jewelry, baby bottles, tooth brushes, dentures, toys, eating utensils—you name it. And you don’t have to worry about accidental exposure to harmful UVC light while the box is in use because the Portable UV Sanitizer automatically shuts off when opened. If you are looking for an effective, fool-proof way to sterilize everyday household items and protect your family from germs and viruses like COVID-19, the Portable UV Light Sanitizer Box is an elegant high-tech solution. And the best part is it’s way more affordable than you might think. So click here to order your Portable UV Light Sanitizer Box today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Every year around this time people resolve to grab the proverbial bull by the horns when it comes to their health, only to realize a month or so later that they don’t actually know how to do it. Simply eating a bunch of “clean” foods you read about on some health blog is not going to get you where you want to go. What you really need for your health and wellness journey is professional guidance backed by actual science. And for that, there’s no better place to start than the Health Intelligence Service from Viome. Viome has achieved notoriety in the health and wellness industry in recent years thanks to their revolutionary Gut Intelligence Test, which has redefined what’s possible when it comes to understanding and building healthy gut microbiomes. Now Viome has taken things to the next level with their Health Intelligence Service, an even more comprehensive program that analyzes not just gut health, but cellular, mitochondrial, and immune system health as well, all in an effort to provide the most personalized dietary and nutritional recommendations possible. When you subscribe to Viome’s Health Intelligence Service, you’ll be sent two easy-to-use at home tests. One is a stool test that Viome uses to analyze your gut microbiome. The other is a blood test used to measure and analyze your RNA. The human gut microbiome, a.k.a. the gut, is the community of symbiotic bacteria and other microorganisms that live in the human digestive tract. Over the last few decades, scientists have discovered this ecosystem plays a major role in our overall health. It has even been linked to a number of specific diseases and conditions, including immune function, heart disease, diabetes, colon cancer, obesity and weight management, sleep, and mental clarity. Unfortunately—and contrary to what natural health bloggers and social media influencers might lead you to believe—promoting gut health is not as simple as eating probiotic yogurt or drinking kombucha. Guts are like snowflakes in that no two are exactly alike. Thus, if you want to improve your gut, you have to find out exactly what is going on in there. Viome’s advanced microbiome test determines exactly what microorganisms live in your gut and what role they play in this ecosystem. Using advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing, a technology originally developed for national security purposes at the Los Alamos National Laboratory, Viome identifies and quantifies every strain and species of microorganism in your gut and determines what nutrients and toxins they are producing. Then they run your results through an advanced artificial intelligence engine to come up with personalized food recommendations designed to increase microbial species associated with overall wellness; minimize microbial species associated with poor health; create the ideal ratio of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats for your body; identify foods that are most compatible with your metabolism; help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight; and increase your energy, focus, and well-being. Your microbiome test results are also used to provide over 20 different health insight scores evaluating things like digestive efficiency, inflammatory activity, and metabolic fitness. The other test included in Viome’s Health Intelligence Service is a blood test that measures your RNA. Whereas DNA is used for long term storage of genetic information and creating new cells and organisms, RNA is used to transfer your genetic info from the nucleus to the ribosomes so they can make proteins. By measuring RNA, we can learn how genes are being expressed, and thus how well cells and mitochondria are functioning. Poor mitochondrial function means cells do not have enough energy to repair themselves. Not surprisingly, this has been linked to accelerated aging, poor metabolism, poor cardiovascular health, and poor brain health. Poor cellular health has been linked to low energy, poor stress response, inflammation, and immune response, among other things. Viome’s RNA analysis is used to provide an additional 30 health insight scores, measuring things like overall mitochondrial health, overall cellular health, stress response, biological age, and immune system health. Then their AI engine analyzes your scores, runs them against the Viome database, and tells you which foods are your superfoods, which foods you should minimize, which foods you should avoid, and which supplements you should take. Following these recommendations is intended to help with mental clarity, immunity, mood, weight, sleep, energy levels, and of course your digestive wellness. Viome’s Health Intelligence Service uses some of the most advanced science on the planet to help you understand your health on a cellular level and provide you insights and advice you can actually understand and implement. If your new year’s resolution was to live a healthier lifestyle, this might just be the perfect place to start. So click here to read more and find out if Viome is right for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
An international team of astronomers have spotted a new type of "spider star" — highly energetic pulsars that tear up their companion stars in binary systems. These highly energetic celestial objects have long fascinated astronomers because they flicker in the night sky in regular rhythms. But before we go on, let's take a couple of steps back. When a supergiant star collapses in on itself following a supernova, it leaves behind extremely dense remains in the form of a neutron star or white dwarf.  With enough electromagnetic radiation, such a star can start spinning at a dizzying clip, turning itself into a pulsar — almost like a cosmic lighthouse. Astronomers are able to spot these odd stars by observing their regular cosmic ray outbursts released during each rotation, with periods ranging from several milliseconds to whole seconds. They're so predictable, in fact, that scientists suggest using the location of various pulsars to create a kind of "celestial GPS." Pulsars completing a rotation every 30 milliseconds or less are often referred to as "spider stars" since they are usually found in binary systems where a closely orbiting companion star is actively being broken down by the pulsar accreting matter from its companion. Spider stars tend to circle their binary star companions at such close distances, they end up tearing their companion to shreds, as Live Science points out. That's how a subclass of these violent stars ended up with the nickname of "Black Widow Stars," named after the spider genus in which the female eats the male after mating. "Redback" stars, on the other hand, have a higher mass companion star, which causes signals to be eclipsed every time the companion star passes between it and the Earth. In a new yet-to-be-peer-reviewed paper uploaded to the preprints server arXiv, an international team of astronomers outline their discovery of eight binary millisecond pulsars (MSPs) using the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico, the same one that collapsed unexpectedly in December. Among these eight stars, three of them are newly identified black widows and one is a redback — as well as a pulsar that defies classification, as the researchers write in their paper. This odd-one-out star has a companion star that would be too massive to be classified as a black widow, but not massive enough for a typical redback. "This system may represent a rare middle-ground case between these two observational classes," the astronomers wrote in their paper. READ MORE: Now-dead radio telescope finds bizarre venomous-spider star [Live Science] More on pulsars: New Technique Uses Entire Milky Way as a Giant Observatory Share This Article 
Thanks to living through a global pandemic, many of us have significantly reduced our visits to stores and supermarkets. When it comes to fresh produce, delivery services are often disappointing, as they often mix up orders or simply don't have what we need when we need it. Rather than go without, there's a better option for getting immune boosting fresh fruits and vegetables without ever leaving the safety of your own home: the Lettuce Grow Farmstand indoor garden. Under the premise healthy food for everyone, Lettuce Grow simplifies urban gardening so that anyone can harvest their own fresh fruits, vegetables and herbs from the comfort of home. The Farmstand from Lettuce Grow is the brain child of Zooey Deschanel and Jacob Pechenik. The mission of their company is simple: to provide a way for everyone - regardless of space, time, knowledge, income, or experience - to grow their own food quickly and easily. And they make this all possible with revolutionary gardening system called The Farmstand. The Farmstand is an indoor and outdoor self-watering, self-fertilizing hydroponic planter that makes it easy to grow seasonally curated non-GMO veggies, fruits and herbs. It's made in the USA from ocean-bound plastic recovered from coastal communities.  Your Lettuce Grow journey begins with choosing which of The Farmstand's 5 sizes best suits your needs. Next, you'll select the seedlings to be delivered to you from Lettuce Grow's selection of over 200 greens, veggies, fruits, and herbs. Your seedlings are then delivered to your front door. All you have to do is plant your pesticide free, non-GMO, pre-grown produce in your indoor garden and watch it grow. In as little as three weeks your produce will be ready to harvest for fresh, healthy meals. With The Farmstand having fresh fruits and vegetables is as easy as choosing seedlings, planting them and harvesting your food. And as you harvest plants from your Farmstand, simply replace them with new seedlings approximately every two-to-three weeks so you always have fresh herbs and veggies at the ready. You don't have to have a green thumb in order to use The Farmstand. That's because Lettuce Grow starts your seedlings in their greenhouses to give you a head start growing at harvesting food for your table. Your seedlings are 3-4 weeks old when they arrive at your door. And the best part is that Lettuce Grow has already done the hard part: sowing and nurturing them so they're strong and healthy by the time you plant them in your Farmstand. Lettuce Grow even provides a complementary quiz to help you discover your personalized seedling plan based on your location. With Lettuce Grow, you and your family will have access to sustainable, fresh, clean, and unprocessed produce. And you get all that with a 90-day money back guarantee. So what are you waiting for? Say goodbye to needless trips to the grocery store and say hello to The Farmstand indoor garden from Lettuce Grow. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
One of the great ironies of the COVID-19 pandemic is that while we all know we should avoid crowding together in public spaces we still send people to get tested at crowded hospitals and medical clinics, where they can easily spread the disease to each other and frontline healthcare workers. Contactless at-home testing just makes a lot more sense. However, not all home covid tests are created equal. So if you want a state-of-the-art test with a higher degree of certainty that actually makes the testing process simpler, you should check out the At Home Coronavirus Viral Detection Test from myLAB Box. The good news when it comes to at-home COVID testing is that the FDA has at-home COVID-19 tests that you can buy at a drugstore without a prescription from a doctor. The bad news is that, while these tests are a valuable tool that can help slow the spread of SARS-CoV-2, the results they produce are not reliable enough to replace in-person testing. Why? Because the over-the-counter tests currently approved by the FDA are antigen tests, which are not as sensitive as a polymerase chain reaction, or PCR, tests. Not only are antigen tests more likely to deliver false negatives, but when you do get a positive result, you may still need to get an additional test from your healthcare provider to confirm it. Luckily, myLAB Box has a solution. What is myLAB Box? It’s a first-of-its-kind company that specializes in convenient at-home medical test kits that get delivered right to your doorstep. They’ve worked with some of the top experts in the country to design an easy-to-use system that allows you to take their tests anywhere, anytime. Each one can be completed in under five minutes, and because any positive tests come with a free physician consultation, there’s never a need to drive, schedule appointments, or wait in line at a clinic. Now, in addition to all their other at-home medical tests, myLAB Box offers an easy-to-use home COVID test. The myLAB Box P23 COVID-19 At-Home Test was developed by a CLIA-certified high complexity clinical laboratory and fully authorized by the FDA. All you have to do is order it, collect your sample, and mail it back. No appointments. No crowds. No clinics. With the myLAB Box COVID test, collecting a sample is easy and painless. The test collection kit uses a non-invasive self-collected saliva sample that is much simpler to perform than the nasopharyngeal swabs performed in clinical settings. Whereas nasopharyngeal swabs require going through the nostril into the back of the nose and throat, the myLAB Box collection kit requires a simple oral swab. After you collect your sample, you send it back via overnight mail in the pre-paid shipping box provided. Once it arrives at the laboratory, technicians will use a combination of viral RNA extraction and amplification along with PCR to detect the SARS-CoV-2 virus if present. Tests are processed within 24 hours of arriving at the lab, and results are posted in your 100-percent confidential customer portal. Factoring in shipping times, you should have your results within 3-4 days after placing your order, but possibly sooner. If you should test positive for COVID-19, you will be offered a telehealth consultation with a licensed physician within 24 hours. If you need to get tested for COVID-19, whether it’s because you are showing symptoms, or you have had close contact with someone who has the disease, or you have recently returned from somewhere with high rates of infection, don’t waste your time and expose yourself and others to more risk. Order the home COVID test from myLAB Box, and get tested without ever leaving the house. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cats are beloved and loyal companions. However, they’re also somewhat inscrutable. With dogs, we usually have a pretty good idea of their background, and thus what kind of behavior and health issues we can expect. Even with mutts, we can make relatively accurate guesses about parent breeds. But with cats, there’s basically no way to understand why they are the way they are. At least, not by looking at them. However, for people who’d really like to understand their cats better, a company called Basepaws now offers an at-home Cat DNA Test that can unlock all kinds of information about your cat’s genome that is both fun and valuable. As you probably know, there are all sorts of home DNA tests for humans. Some aim to tell you about your ancestry. Some aim to give you valuable health insights by searching for specific genetic markers. Some aim to do both. The Basepaws Cat DNA Test does the same thing, but for your cat. It uses some really cool science to give you a fun, new, and insightful way to connect with and understand their feline friends, inside and out. The collection process for the Basepaws Cat DNA Test works just like the collection process for a human DNA test. After you sign up, Basepaws sends you a sterile cheek swab, a biohazard specimen bag, detailed instructions on sample collection,  and prepaid packaging for easy return shipping of your cat's sample. Once Basepaws receives your cat’s sample, they will use state-of-the-art sequencing machines to read and record your cat’s genome. Basepaws compares your cat’s DNA to DNA from other Basepaws cats and other feline DNA databases from the scientific community. Some sections of your cat’s DNA contain genes that have already been studied and linked to specific physical traits or diseases. Other sections of DNA contain genes the functions of which are still unknown. However, Basepaws is on a mission to unlock these secrets, and every cat they sequence brings them closer to that goal. Once all the analysis is complete, Basepaws compiles the results into a one‑of‑a‑kind report on your cat’s unique genetic profile. The Basepaws profile consists of three elements: Breed Analysis, Wildcat Index, and Health Markers. The Breed Analysis tells you which cat breeds are most genetically similar to your cat. This might give you insights into your cat’s behavior and personality traits, or it might help explain why your cat looks the way it does. The Wildcat Index lets you learn a bit about your kitty’s wild side. Basepaws compares your cat’s DNA to the DNA of tigers, leopards, cheetahs, and cougars, then ranks the results based on genomic similarity. These results are not intended to serve as evidence that your cat is part wildcat, but rather to give you an idea of how your cat fits into the evolutionary story of the domestic cat. Last, and most importantly, Basepaws’ Health Markers provide crucial insights that can help you keep your cat happy and healthy down the road. The DNA test looks for 39 different genetic markers and provides reports on mutation carrier status and predispositions to 17 different diseases, including polycystic Kidney Disease (PKD), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), retinal degeneration, myotonia. Science makes our lives better every single day. Now, thanks to the Basepaws Cat DNA Test, it can also help improve the lives of our furry friends. So, if you’re ready to get to know your cat better, click here to order yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Every year around this time, people start thinking about ways to save money and plan for their financial future. If that’s you, and you happen to own your own home, one avenue you definitely need to explore is making the switch to solar energy. For decades, anybody who wanted to go green and make the switch to solar had to be prepared to take a bath on installation costs, because they were astronomical. But over the last decade the situation has changed dramatically. Today, the cost of installing solar energy systems has never been lower, while the potential return on your investment has never been higher. That means, for a lot of people, going solar isn’t just financially feasible. It might actually be a really solid long term investment. So if you're asking yourself, "Are solar panels worth it for my home?" the first thing you need to do is get a free estimate and consultation from the experts at Understand Solar. Understand Solar is a third party solar energy advocate that provides free personalized solar energy assessments, educates consumers, and puts them in touch with local installers. To get your free personalized solar energy assessment, all you have to do is fill out Understand Solar’s simple online form and provide a few details about your home. After that, an Understand Solar expert will contact you via phone and go over your assessment and any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. Your free solar assessment may reveal that, for one reason or another, solar energy just isn’t right for you. Perhaps your house doesn’t get enough direct sunlight. Or perhaps the government regulations and energy rates in your area make an investment in solar energy unprofitable. However, the average cost of installing solar energy systems has dropped a whopping 70 percent over the last decade. So your assessment might reveal that going solar makes so much sense, you’d almost be losing money by not taking the plunge. When most people think about investing in solar energy, the first thing that comes to mind is reducing or even eliminating their electricity bill. And it’s true that, in some cases, you can nearly eliminate your dependence on traditional energy. However, in most cases the money you save on electric bills is offset by the cost of financing your solar energy system. Where you really stand to make money on an investment in solar energy is the long term value  it adds to your home. Though everything depends on where you live and how much sunlight your property gets, generally speaking homes with solar energy systems sell faster and for higher prices than homes without solar energy systems. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1 percent to the value of the average home. Another study found that buyers are typically willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another concluded that you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar energy installed. Again, these are all averages using data collected from different regions. The exact figures in your area will vary. But in general, when you factor in projected increases in electricity rates over 10-to-20 years, and all the money you’ll save on traditional energy, plus the value a solar energy system can add to your home. And assuming you negotiate a good deal on solar financing—solar panels can be a very good long-term investment. It’s even possible that an investment in solar energy could outperform traditional investment portfolios over the course of 15-to-20 years. Of course, if all that sounds complicated, that’s because, like any investment, it is complicated. But you don’t have to figure it out on your own. The experts at Understand Solar can walk you through the entire process for free with no commitment required. So, are solar panels worth it for your home? Find out for yourself with a free personalized solar assessment from Understand Solar, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to a new study by a team of theoretical physicists, high-energy X-ray emissions emanating from a group of neutron stars may be caused by axions, a hypothetical elementary particle that's currently one of the top candidates for dark matter. The team, led by Berkeley Lab Physics Division theoretical physicist Benjamin Safdi, found that a number of neutron stars known as the "Magnificent Seven" presented a promising way to test for the presence of these theorized particles. Neutron stars are the collapsed remnants of high mass stars and normally light up in X-ray observations, caused by material falling into them. These seven neutron stars, however, are the source of an unexplained excess of X-ray emissions — yet at the same time they weren't classified as pulsars, which are rotating neutron stars that pulse radiation at regular intervals. In other words, if they were pulsars, the excess of emissions could be explained. In their study, the team argues that if the neutron stars were pulsars, the observed X-ray emissions would be drowned out by other signals. Instead, they emit an excess of X-ray signals regardless, puzzling scientists. That's why Safdi is arguing there might be another explanation that can't be accounted for using existing methods. "We are pretty confident this excess exists, and very confident there's something new among this excess," Safdi said in a statement. "If we were 100% sure that what we are seeing is a new particle, that would be huge. That would be revolutionary in physics." It's possible, he says, that axions could be causing this excess of X-ray emissions. Axions are hypothetical elementary particles that were first postulated in 1977, and many scientists consider them to be a dark-matter candidate. Dark matter is believed to make up 85 percent of the stuff found in the observable universe, but we have yet to observe it directly. Dark matter also doesn't appear to interact with surrounding material, making it extremely difficult to detect. "We're not claiming that we've made the discovery of the axion yet, but we're saying that the extra X-ray photons can be explained by axions," Raymond Co, a University of Minnesota postdoctoral researcher who was involved in the research, said in the statement. "It is an exciting discovery of the excess in the X-ray photons, and it's an exciting possibility that's already consistent with our interpretation of axions," he added. If axions were found to exist, they would likely behave like neutrinos, one of the most abundant subatomic particles in the universe that only interact very weakly with other matter. The theory goes that neutron stars could be filled to the brim with axions, which technically would be able to travel outside of these stars, at which point they are converted into light by extremely strong magnetic fields. The team is now eying white dwarf stars, stellar core remnants caused by the collapse of low mass stars, for evidence of the existence of axions. "This starts to be pretty compelling that this is something beyond the Standard Model if we see an X-ray excess there, too," Safdi said. READ MORE: X-rays surrounding 'Magnificent 7' may be traces of sought-after particle [Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory] More on dark matter: Scientists Claim Black Holes Are Made of Collapsed Universes Share This Article 
A lot has happened since the dawn of the known universe. Over billions of years, stars, planets, and galaxies formed out of gas and dust. Atoms collided to create molecules that came to life and evolved from single cell organisms into complex life. Entire species of spectacular giants came and went millions of years before we ever existed. And humans have gone from cave-dwelling hunter-gatherers who lived in simple band societies to technologically advanced beings who can build supercomputers and send robots to explore the furthest reaches of our solar system. It’s all pretty damn amazing when you stop and think about it. And now, thanks to the Mini Museum 4th Edition, you can hold these wonders in the palm of your hand and explore them from the comfort of your living room. What is the Mini Museum? Well, company founder Hans Fex wasn’t being clever when he chose a name for his lifelong passion project back in 2014. The Mini Museum is quite literally a one-of-a-kind collection of rare miniature specimens and artifacts spanning billions of years of natural and human history. Each one is a limited edition, completely handcrafted by Mini Museum’s dedicated team of archivists and curators, and is laser etched with a unique identification number. The Mini Museum 4th Edition contains 29 incredible specimens. They include extraterrestrial amino acids dating back to the origins of our solar system; igneous rock produced from the cataclysmic volcanic eruptions that caused the greatest extinction event in earth’s history; a fragment of a raptor bone; a chunk of Sarcosuchus armor; a piece of a saber-tooth tiger bone; a piece of tile from an Ancient Roman bath house; a fragment of the original Hollywood sign salvaged in 1878; water from the Amazon river; a fragment of shield window from the Manhattan Project; a piece of a punching bag once used by Muhammad Ali; a piece of tile from the first Space Shuttle, and much more. Until recently, all Mini Museum collections came beautifully encased and clearly labeled in an acrylic block the size of a small book, which you can easily hold in your hands or display on a shelf. However, with the Mini Museum 4th edition, you now get a choice between the traditional acrylic display and a touch-accessible display that allows you to pick up and examine each individual specimen. While the traditional acrylic version is probably best if you want to share with a younger audience, the all new Touch edition of the Mini Museum 4th Edition offers collectors the unprecedented ability to remove the specimens from their individual acrylic jars for careful study. With the 4th Edition Touch, all 29 jars are housed in a beautiful glass-topped riker display case measuring 14½ x 8 x 1 inches. And just like the classic acrylic Mini Museum 4th Edition, the Mini Museum 4th Edition Touch comes with a detailed printed companion booklet and a certificate of authenticity. The Mini Museum is specifically designed to give regular everyday people unprecedented access to priceless pieces of history. If you’re looking for an amazing once-in-a-lifetime gift for a science or history buff in your life—or if you’re just in the mood to treat yourself—the 4th Edition will not disappoint. Order yours today before they’re all sold out. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If the start of the new year has you thinking about ways to improve your physical and emotional well being, the first thing you need to do is figure out how to get better sleep. After all, you can drink a gallon of coffee to pump yourself up in the morning and eat a whole bag of CBD gummies to calm yourself down in the evening, but the reality is it’s biologically impossible to achieve peak physical or cognitive performance without good sleep. Period. Luckily, the team of scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective has spent years trying to figure out the best way to help people achieve a better, deep sleep. And the result of their efforts, a new sleep supplement called Qualia Night, is being hailed as a major breakthrough in the science of sleep. (Use the discount code PRODANDNEURO at checkout to get an additional 15-percent off.) Poor sleep is scientifically proven to diminish critical thinking, judgment, and problem solving skills, leaving us more irritable, less empathetic, and less able to manage conflicts. It has also been scientifically linked to things like poor immune function, weight gain, high blood pressure, and accelerated aging. So why does bad sleep make us so miserable? What exactly is going on when we sleep? Though common sense would suggest the brain and body are inactive while we’re sleeping, in reality they are very busy. While we are sleeping, the body repairs cells, muscles, and tissues and synthesizes key proteins and hormones. Meanwhile the brain regroups and reorganizes neurons so they can efficiently communicate and store information, and the glymphatic system clears out waste from the central nervous system, including toxic chemicals that build up throughout the day. Like all other biological processes, the ones that take place while you sleep require very specific fuels. That’s why Neurohacker Collective created Qualia Night. Qualia Night isn’t designed to help you sleep more. It’s designed to help you sleep better. As such, Qualia Night is not a sleeping pill, and it doesn’t contain any pharmaceutical or botanical sedatives. At Neurohacker Collective, the goal is to help the body help itself. To do that they used a whole systems science approach to develope a patent-pending blend of the raw materials that fuel your body’s ability to heal, recover, and regenerate. This results in deeper and more restorative sleep, more energy, improved cognition, stronger immunity, and enhanced long-term brain health. Qualia Night is intended to be taken in the early evening, about four hours before bedtime. From there it slowly eases your mind and body into a relaxing, optimal sleep process later that night. It works by: To celebrate its release, right now you can get 50-percent off the first month of a cancel-anytime subscription to Qualia Night. You can also use the discount code PRODANDNEURO at checkout to get an additional 15 percent off. If you want to start the new year off feeling refreshed and rejuvenated, click here to give Qualia Night a try. With that introductory discount and a 100-day money back guarantee, you’ve got nothing to lose but deep, restful, high impact sleep. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Who would win in a fight: the International Space Station (ISS) or a single Cheeto Puff orbiting the Earth? It's an argument that raged online this morning after a Reddit user's seven-year-old daughter asked whether one Cheeto could destroy the ISS in a head-on collision. Thankfully, the overwhelming consensus — even among several self-identified aerospace engineers and one scientist who helped design the ISS — is that the Cheeto doesn't stand a chance and that the ISS crewmembers would be safe. But there is room for debate, it seems, over how much destruction the cheesy projectile would cause along the way. The question seems silly, but anything hurtling toward the space station at 9.3 miles per second poses a risk — even a greasy cheese snack. Space collisions are a real risk, and the ISS recently had to dodge out of the way of incoming space junk that ultimately passed within 1.4 kilometers of the station. Neither NASA nor PepsiCo, the maker of Cheetos, responded to Futurism's inquiry by press time. But the Cheeto would likely be less dangerous than orbital debris, in part because when Frito creator Charles Doolin invented the Cheeto in 1948, he probably didn’t have hypervelocity impacts or space travel in mind. Upon impact, according to the consensus view on Reddit, the brittle Cheeto would likely break down into a cloud of plasma and disperse. That makes a collision far less dangerous than one with a solid, compact object. "Certainly, I would expect the spongy/porous/very low-density material of the Cheeto puff to have far less of an effect than a denser material of the same mass," Letter_13, a self-identified aerospace engineer who weighed in on the debate told Futurism. Letter_13 declined to share their real identity and professional affiliation due to security concerns at their job. "Things get tricky when you bump things together so hard that they turn into rapidly expanding clouds of superheated gases," Letter_13 told Futurism. Being in space would only make the Cheeto more fragile, Letter_13 told Futurism. "[The Cheeto] would absolutely become more brittle in space — many of the oils contained in the Cheeto puff would begin to boil off and evaporate in a vacuum, drying the unfortunate snack out even further and making it more brittle," they explained. "This would be accelerated dramatically if the Cheeto were orbiting the earth in direct sunlight (which could potentially cook/bake the thing into just a hunk of carbon)." "Depending on where it hit, it may leave a dent, though more than likely it would just leave a bit of an orange stain (if that)," Letter_13 wrote in the original thread. Really, it comes down to where the Cheeto hits the ISS, according to a Redditor who goes by danielravennest and claims to be part of the team that designed the ISS. Danielravennest didn't respond to Futurism's request for comment but did argue in the thread that the Cheeto probably wouldn't even dent an ISS module. However, it would be able to take out a solar cell or two if it crashed into a panel. "At the typical impact velocities in orbit, objects are moving faster than the speed of sound and carry more kinetic energy than it takes to turn them into plasma," danielravennest wrote. "Critical areas of the ISS are protected by 'Meteor/Debris Shields' (Whipple Shields). These are sheet metal spaced away from the module hull, air tanks, etc. So on impact, the object and the part of the shield they hit are both turned to plasma, and sprays out in a cone. So the module hull isn't damaged unless it were a large object." "The solar arrays are the largest part of the Station by area, but they are a thin plastic backing with thin solar cells attached," danielravennest added. "They have been hit several times. All that happens is you punch a hole and lose one or two cells." More on space collisions: Experts Predict Sizeable Chance of Epic Space Junk Collision Tonight Share This Article 
Thanks to its tremendous density, DNA can store the equivalent of about 10 digital movies of data in the volume of a single grain of salt. Now, scientists at Columbia University have pushed the concept even further, by writing data into the DNA of living bacteria, as Science reports. To store data inside DNA, it has to be converted by a DNA synthesizer from its binary format of ones and zeros into organic code: combinations of the molecule's four bases including adenine, guanine, cytosine, and thymine. Unfortunately, the longer this code is, the less accurate the work of the synthesizer becomes. As a workaround, researchers break up the code into chunks. DNA sequencers then have to piece them together again to access the data. That also doesn't stop the DNA from degrading over time, meaning that data storage isn't forever, as Science points out. As a solution, the researchers from Columbia are trying to figure out if the same thing works with living organisms. Not only would this data last much longer, it could even be passed on to the organisms' offspring. A team led by Columbia's Harris Wang has been working on doing just this for the last couple of years. Most recently, the team managed to electrically encode 72 bits of data to write the string of letters "Hello world!" into a population of bacterial cells. The researchers used CRISPR, the popular gene-editing technique that can splice and edit new sequences into DNA, to store data in these active genes. "This work establishes a direct digital-to-biological data storage framework and advances our capacity for information exchange between silicon- and carbon-based entities," the team writes in their paper published this week in the journal Nature Chemical Biology. Needless to say, despite the amazing feat, that's not a lot of data. "We’re not going to compete with the current memory storage systems," Wang told Science. The team will also have to figure out a way for the data to survive mutations and replications of the bacteria's DNA. READ MORE: Scientists ‘program’ living bacteria to store data [Science] More on DNA storage: A Private Equity Firm Just Bought the Largest Consumer DNA Database Share This Article 
An international team of astronomers have detected a violent eruption of light emanating from a galaxy some 570 million light years away that repeats itself like clockwork every 114 Earth days. The explanation? They believe the repeating flares are caused by a supermassive black hole, about 20 times the mass of the one at the center of our own Milky Way, ripping a chunk out of an orbiting star whenever it gets too close. The discovery was made using NASA data and a network of telescopes operated by The Ohio State University. "It’s really exciting, because we’ve seen black holes do a lot of things, but we’ve never seen them do something like this — cause this regular eruption of light — before," said Patrick Vallely, Ohio State graduate student and co-author of a study about the discovery due to be published in The Astrophysical Journal, in a statement. "It’s like an extra-galactic Old Faithful," he added, referring to the famous geyser in Yellowstone National park that erupts almost exactly on schedule. The star approaches the black hole on a highly elliptical orbit, losing about three times the mass of Jupiter every time it gets too close, causing a huge flare visible from Earth. Usually such events completely destroy a star, meaning the discovery is extremely exotic. The team was also able to spot 17 flares each spaced 114 days apart, a regularity and consistency that has never been observed before. "Knowing the schedule of this extragalactic Old Faithful allows us to coordinate and study it in more detail," Anna Payne, lead author of the paper and a NASA Fellow at the University of Hawaii, said in the statement. The team was able to accurately predict a flare on both September 6 and December 26. The researchers also found evidence of a second supermassive black hole within the same galaxy, suggesting that two galaxies are in the process of merging, one of the most violent types of interaction in the known universe. "In general, we really want to understand the properties of these black holes and how they grow," Kris Stanek, a co-author and professor of astronomy at Ohio State, said in the statement. Thanks to the flares' predictability, the scientists are hoping to glean insights into the phenomenon. "The ability to exactly predict the timing of the next episode allows us to take data that we could not otherwise take, and we are taking such data already," Stanek said. READ MORE: “Old Faithful” cosmic eruption shows black hole ripping at star [Ohio State University] More on supermassive black holes: A Supermassive Black Hole Is Missing, NASA Say Share This Article 
The "mole" attached to NASA's InSight Mars lander, which has been attempting to dig itself into the rocky surface of the Red Planet since February 2019, is officially giving up, according to a NASA statement. The probe, called the Heat Flow and Physical Properties Package (HP3), had been desperately trying to get itself into the surface in order to take the planet's internal temperature. Its goal was to study Mars' evolution and geology by collecting glimpses of heat flowing out of the planet's interior. But just short of two years of attempts that have only had limited success, the mole's journey is now over. On January 9, the InSight lander's robotic arm hammered down on the probe another 500 times in one last attempt to get the 16 inch long probe buried under the surface. The problem: the probe had to reach a minimum depth of 10 feet. The scientists were perplexed by the type of soil InSight landed on as it didn't resemble the kind of soil studied by NASA's Mars rovers in the past. Time after time, the mole hit unexpected layers of impenetrable rocks or sandy patches that didn't allow it to get enough purchase. In June, it looked like it had finally managed to bury itself completely. But it still couldn't get far enough under the surface to accomplish its science goals. "We’ve given it everything we’ve got, but Mars and our heroic mole remain incompatible," Tilman Spohn, the instrument's principal investigator from Germany's research center for aeronautics and space (DLR), said in the statement. "The mole is a device with no heritage," Troy Hudson, a scientist and engineer at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said in the statement. "What we attempted to do — to dig so deep with a device so small — is unprecedented." But not all is lost. "Fortunately, we’ve learned a lot that will benefit future missions that attempt to dig into the subsurface," Spohn continued. It's a bittersweet moment for the team. "We are so proud of our team who worked hard to get InSight’s mole deeper into the planet," Thomas Zurbuchen, NASA's associate administrator for science, said. "It was amazing to see them troubleshoot from millions of miles away." Fortunately, InSight's other instruments have been granted an extension to carry on. These instruments include a seismometer that can detect Marsquakes, a suite of weather-detecting meteorological instruments, and a radio experiment that's trying to figure out if Mars' core is liquid or solid. READ MORE: NASA InSight's ‘Mole' Ends Its Journey on Mars [NASA] More on the mole: Crap: NASA’s Mars “Mole” Finally Started Digging, Then Hit Another Obstacle Share This Article 
Powering future human civilizations in deep space will be no easy feat.  But thanks to new research, there might be a highly efficient way to harness the highly energetic particles emanating from black holes to help human colonists keep the lights on. According to a new study by researchers from Columbia University and Universidad Adolfo Ibanez in Chile, we could theoretically extract energy from black holes by harvesting charged plasma particles escaping from the event horizon, the boundary beyond which no light can escape. "Black holes are commonly surrounded by a hot 'soup' of plasma particles that carry a magnetic field," Luca Comisso, research scientist at Columbia University and first author on the study, explained in a statement. "Our theory shows that when magnetic field lines disconnect and reconnect, in just the right way, they can accelerate plasma particles to negative energies and large amounts of black hole energy can be extracted," he added. In an off-Earth civilization in the distant future, this could serve as an invaluable source of energy when setting up an off-Earth civilization, according to to Comisso. It's not the first time researchers have suggested generating power from a black hole. A recent paper published in June in the journal Nature Physics suggested that we could dip an object into the black hole's event horizon, charging it with negative energy. By cutting it loose, we could harvest the resulting energy in the form of recoil. Comisso and his team's theory doesn't stray too far from that idea. It builds on the fact that plasma particles would be propelled in two different directions, going both against and with the spin of a black hole. Depending on the polarity of this plasma being shot against the black hole's spin, basically, they believe we could harvest it as a source of energy. Black holes lose energy by accreting negatively charged particles. In other words, "it is like a person could lose weight by eating candy with negative calories," Comisso said. "This might sound weird, but it can happen in a region called the ergosphere, where the spacetime continuum rotates so fast that every object spins in the same direction as the black hole." In this region, magnetic field lines break and reconnect repeatedly at such extreme rates, plasma particles are shot out at almost the speed of light. And that's the process the researchers want to take advantage of to extract massive amounts of energy. "We calculated that the process of plasma energization can reach an efficiency of 150 percent, much higher than any power plant operating on Earth," Felipe Asenjo, professor of physics at the Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez and co-author, said in the statement. "Achieving an efficiency greater than 100 percent is possible because black holes leak energy," he explained, "which is given away for free to the plasma escaping from the black hole." READ MORE: Could we harness energy from black holes? [Columbia University] More on black holes and energy: You Could Generate Power by Dangling Crap Into a Black Hole Share This Article 
The prevailing theory among scientists is that roughly three quarters of all the stuff in the universe is made up of "dark matter," a mysterious substance that interacts with visible matter via gravity. Despite its ubiquitousness, though, scientists have yet to find direct evidence of its existence. According to a new study by an international team of scientists however, this search could be for nothing, NBC News reports. Instead, they argue that our limited scientific understanding of gravity may be unable to account for the strange gravitational behavior of galaxies. In other words, it's not dark matter causing the behavior — we simply don't fully understand the natural laws governing matter. In their recent study, the team argues that an idea first established in the early 1980s called the modified Newtonian dynamics theory (MOND) could explain the existence of strange gravitational behavior of stars that scientists conventionally explained with dark matter. In short, the theory replaces Newtonian dynamics and General Relativity as posited by Albert Einstein, and argues that the gravitational force of experienced by a star should be calculated in entirely different ways. "What we're really saying is that there is absolutely evidence for a discrepancy," co-author Stacy McGaugh, head of the astronomy department at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, told NBC. "What you see is not what you get, if all you know about is Newton and Einstein." A number of theories have been put forward trying to explain what dark matter could be, from primordial black holes to weakly interacting massive particles known as WIMPS. McGaugh argues that the MOND theory has been able to predict a number of astronomical observations since it was first brought up in the 80s. "MOND is the only theory that has succeeded in this way," McGaugh told  NBC. "It is the only theory that has routinely had all predictions come true." READ MORE: Maybe 'dark matter' doesn't exist after all, new research suggests [NBC News] More on dark matter: New Theory: Dark Matter Was Created by “Boiling” Bubbles of Plasma Share This Article 
Scientists have made a surprising observation: the Earth's spin is accelerating. In fact, the Earth is spinning faster than ever recorded lately, as Phys.org reports — and no, that's not figuratively speaking. One rotation around the Earth's axis is the equivalent of 24 hours, or roughly 86,400 seconds. While this period has been largely consistent despite variations caused by the movement of the Earth's molten core or climate, an accelerating spin may soon lead to the need for a "negative leap second." In other words, for the first time ever, we might need to cut an entire second out of the year because the world is spinning faster. The shortest day ever recorded using atomic clocks was July 19, 2020, as Time and Date points out, lasting 1.4602 milliseconds less than the equivalent of exactly 24 hours. The previous record was measured on July 5, 2005. Scientists also predict that the year 2021 might end up being the shortest in decades — by a tiny margin, of course. To bring clocks back into sync, scientists are suggesting we cut a full second out of one day, otherwise known as a negative leap second. It would mark the first time a second has been cut; the last 27 leap seconds have all been positive, a trend that was introduced in 1972, according to Time and Date, meaning that a second has been added. While the exact cause isn't entirely clear yet, scientists have suggested in the past that it may have something to do with global warming since melting glaciers could mess with the planet's distribution of mass, or geological processes far beneath its surface. Regardless of the cause, the simple act of cutting a second out of a day could end up having disastrous consequences on modern technologies, as Phys.org points out. That's why many scientists are calling for a switch from solar to International Atomic Time, which is based on an international network of synchronized atomic clocks. READ MORE: The Earth has been spinning faster lately [Phys.org] More on atomic clocks: NASA Officially Activates Its “GPS for Deep Space” Share This Article 
Saudi Arabia has unveiled its newest zero-carbon city project, called "The Line." As its eyebrow-raising name suggests, the unusual metropolis will be built in a straight line more than a hundred miles in length. The unconventional city will feature "zero cars, zero streets, and zero carbon emissions," according to a statement by Saudi crown prince Mohammed bin Salman, and will be able to house one million inhabitants from around the world. The proposed city will be the first development at NEOM, a half-trillion dollar green energy business zone in north-western Saudi Arabia that was created with the aim to end Saudi Arabia's economic reliance on oil exports, according to Reuters. Saudi Arabia has plenty of futuristic ideas for the site as a whole, including an artificial moon, artificial rain, robot maids, as The Wall Street Journal reported in 2019 — not to mention plans for human gene-editing clinics, Everything in The Line will be "within a five-minute walk of home," bin Salman says. It's still unclear how that's an option in a 100-mile long city, but bin Salman did note that getting from one end to the other would take just 20 minutes. That's thanks to "The Spine," a high-tech mode of transport that connects individual city modules. This subsurface "Spine layer" takes care of "ultra high-speed transit" and "AI-enabled transport," according to official documentation. "Throughout history, cities were built to protect their citizens," bin Salman said. "After the industrial revolution, cities prioritized machines, cars and factories over people." Bin Salman also argued that in the world's most advanced cities, people "spend years of their lives commuting," noting that by 2050 that trend will only double. And with those harrowing commutes, more people will die of pollution. Having everything within five minutes away will also limit deadly traffic accidents, the prince said. The plans were met with plenty of skepticism online, with some calling it not much more than a vacuous attempt at attracting international investment. "Everything about NEOM seems like it was dreamed up by a Saudi official who watched a sci-fi movie on [the Middle East Broadcasting Center] at like 4am and said 'that looks cool, let's throw $100bn at it,'" The Economist reporter Gregg Carlstrom wrote in a scathing tweet. Human rights advocates also pointed out the double standards. "THE LINE is Mohammed bin Salman's desperate attempt to rebrand Saudi Arabia's failed NEOM project," tweeted women's rights advocate Reem Abdellatif. "After facing challenges from local tribes & failing to attract investments, [Mohammed bin Salman] once again uses old tricks to solve festering economic issues. Clean house first." Despite the criticism, construction is set to begin in early 2021 and is expected to contribute $48 billion to the local economy as well as 38,000 jobs. READ MORE: Saudi Crown Prince launches zero-carbon city in NEOM business zone [Reuters] More on Saudi Arabia: Saudi Prince Plans City With Human Gene Editing, Artificial Rain Share This Article 
It’s 2021, and as with every new year, everyone is making various new year’s resolutions to try and improve their lives. One relatively commonplace way of doing that is to quit drinking alcohol, but that can be easier said than done, especially for social drinkers. But luckily, thanks to non alcoholic Kin brand euphoric beverages, you can maintain the treasured rituals and social benefits of alcohol with none of the downsides. Kin euphorics are unique, alcohol-free beverages made with adaptogens, nootropics, and botanics that confer a variety of pleasant, euphoric sensations and allow you to indulge in richer, more rewarding socializing. You get a boost to your mood without any blurs, blackouts, hangovers, or any of the negative health effects of regular alcohol use. There are three varieties of Kin euphorics available now, each one with their own unique flavors and benefits. In case you’ve never tried Kin before, here’s a brief rundown: Kin Spritz is the euphoric, non-alcoholic answer to the traditional spritz cocktail. Fresh citrus, warm spice, hibiscus, and ginger come together for a flavor you’ll be happy to enjoy all on its own at any social function. It's Kin’s most popular blend. Kin’s smooth mixer High Rhode has a tart, floral flavor that’s just as versatile as Spritz, but with a more substantial drinking experience. Mix with whatever you like and enjoy a fresh take on fun -- even when social distancing is still advisable. The ideal bedtime euphoric is Kin’s Dream Light, which as its name suggests, is engineered to send you off to Slumberland for a pleasant night's rest. Earthy and smoky to the taste, Dream Light is best enjoyed right before bed, as you probably guessed. Selecting the best Kin product for you is a personal matter, but if you’re interested in a total, complete Kin experience there’s the $149 Ritual Bundle that includes all three Kin beverage varieties, plus a collection of 36 sensorial-steeped cards for personal enlightenment, a ritual candle, a list of essential provisions to complement your drinks, and a chance to visualize your deepest desires with a letter to your future self. That’s in addition to a 500mL bottle of High Rhode, a 500mL bottle of Dream Light, and a 20-pack of Kin Spritz. But if you just want the extras you can get them all without the Kin euphorics by purchasing the Kindling Kit for $47 -- a 22-percent discount. Whatever Kin euphorics products you’re most interested in, you can find what you need at the Kin online store. If quitting hangovers and blackouts without quitting the enjoyable social aspects of alcohol sounds like a good way to kick off 2021, there’s no better time than the present to give Kin a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re one of 68-percent (That's an estimated 164 million) Americans who find themselves struggling with sleep at least once a week, know you’re not alone. Often the solution can be as simple as getting comfortable. According to sleep experts at Harvard-affiliated Brigham and Women's Hospital, the solution may be as simple as getting comfortable. That’s right, it turns out anything that will make you more comfortable in bed will aid in you getting better sleep. So if you’re one of the 68-percent mentioned above, you should know about Pluto Pillows, the first and only custom pillow brand. Pluto Pillows use a questionnaire to specifically customize pillows to your body stats, which includes: how you sleep. The Pluto Pillow algorithm then leverages this data to craft the perfect pillow for you through their patent-pending process. Pluto Pillows use information gathered from their questionnaire to build your custom pillow. Once completed, your data runs through Pluto Pillow’s proprietary algorithm that aids in creating a custom pillow for your unique sleep profile. These materials combine for over 35 variations through a patent-pending process that results in your specialized Pluto Pillow. These custom pillows were developed from hundreds of stories about the way people sleep. They took these stories and focused on the specifics of what people liked about their pillows as well as what they didn’t. Then, they tried them all — shredded foam pillows, bamboo pillows, latex pillows, down pillows, traditional memory foam pillows, and adjustable pillows. After prototyping and testing alongside partners with years of material research while also tapping into the training and education of sleep researchers, the people behind the Pluto Pillow learned what goes into making a thoughtful pillow — not a “smart” pillow. Pluto Pillow’s design starts with a solid foam core that’s encased within an outer plush pillow. The pillow core's height, as well as, additional properties like density and filling additives, all depend on your answers to Pluto Pillow’s questionnaire. Plus, the fibers in the outer cover vary in thickness and quantity from one pillow to another (dependent on your answers). And if you heat up at night, say sayonara to that problem because your pillow surface will be made up of cooling fibers. Thanks to Pluto Pillow’s patent-pending process, you will find bliss with one of the 35 available variations of their pillow. Once you complete the process, Pluto Pillow will deliver your custom pillow right to your door within seven-business days. Not only that, your custom pillow ships free and you'll have 100 risk-free nights to test your Pluto Pillow out from the comfort of your bed. That’s because every part of the Pluto Pillow process is designed to take the guesswork out of pillow shopping. That way you can focus on more important stuff, like getting some shut eye. So don't wait. Click here to start customizing your very own Pluto Pillow. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As Americans took up hobbies to get them through 2020, gardening emerged as one of the top ways to alleviate stress and bring the feeling of the outdoors into their home. And if you’re one of the 55-percent of Americans who started gardening last year, you don’t need us to tell you the amazing benefits of caring for greenery. From improving mood to relieving stress and anxiety, plants offered people an emerald-colored escape during trying times. But with so many different types of plants to choose from, each with their own special needs to grow and thrive, purchasing plants from a store can be overwhelming. But Plantboxs is a plant delivery service that is about to change all that. It make it easier than ever to fill your home of office with beautiful greenery. Plantboxs is a plant subscription box service that handpicks and delivers fresh and colorful plants to add a splash of green to your environment. Depending on the frequency you desire, you can have your pick of tropicals, annuals, perennials, succulents, and cactus plants delivered weekly or monthly. They also source their vegetation from local farms where they grow and look after a variety of plants. The type of plant and size that’s sent is dependent on the subscription plan you choose. Plantboxs.com makes it super easy for you to receive their plants every month. The first step is to subscribe. Once you’re signed up, you choose the type of plan you prefer and within 48 to 72-hours you’ll receive your first delivery of beautifully curated plants. An expert from the Plantboxs team will handpick uses fresh and vibrant plant(s) that will make up your Plantboxs. And once your plants have been packaged and shipped, you’ll be notified when they’re on the way. Once you open your Plantboxs, there’s no need to panic if the types of plants sent are not familiar to you. These subscriptions are marked ‘for beginners’ because of the level of support offered with each box. Inside, you’ll find a card that describes your new plant along with precise instructions for how to make them thrive. If you ever have any questions about your plants, you can always contact their expert support team for help. When it comes to choosing a subscription plan, Plantboxs is designed to best meet your level of gardening expertise. That’s because you get to choose the plant delivery plan that works best for you and your needs. If you opt for The Small/Medium Monthly Plan For Beginners, you’ll be sent one to two small or medium-sized easy-to-care-for plants. With The Mixed Plants Monthly Plan For Beginners, you can expect to receive one gorgeous, normal-sized plant each month. The Large Plants Monthly Plan For Beginners is a great option for people with big spaces to fill. If you choose this plan option, you’ll be sent two lush, large-sized plants to care for. Sprucing up your indoor or outdoor garden all starts by choosing a monthly subscription for Plantboxs. Afterward, all that’s left for you to do is enjoy the beautiful monthly surprise of which plants you receive and welcome them into your home or office. It couldn't be easier, so click here to start. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Congratulations are in order for Elon Musk, who as of Thursday is the wealthiest person on the planet, with a net worth of around $188.5 billion. On Thursday, the SpaceX and Tesla CEO tweeted that he was open to suggestions for what to do with his immense wealth, especially "ways to donate money that really make a difference." So we came up with some ideas for how to spend Musk's money for the betterment of humanity and the planet, just in case he's reading. And to be fair, none of these ideas are too outlandish for a multi-billionaire who once launched a sports car into space. Unfortunately, the German government calculated the cost of ending world hunger in October, according to The Guardian, and at $330 billion, it's still a teensy bit outside Musk's grasp. But ending hunger in the U.S. would be considerably cheaper, at about $25 billion worth of direct payments and investments in social safety nets. Since Musk's personal wealth has increased by over $160 billion during the pandemic alone, that’s just a drop in the bucket for him! Based on Musk's own 2019 estimate, it will cost passengers between $100,000 and $500,000 for a one-way ticket to their new life on Mars. Assuming, of course, that cost is the only factor here and that all of the logistical and medical challenges have been surmounted, Musk could now personally sponsor somewhere between 377,000 passengers (at $500,000 per ticket) and 1,885,000 passengers at ($100,000 per ticket) to their new homes on the Red Planet. According to the latest data provided by the Department of Education, public universities and other post-secondary institutions in the U.S. collected $81.3 billion in tuition and fees during the 2017-2018 school year. While that number has likely gone up since then, our back-of-the-envelope calculation indicates that, with some wiggle room, Musk could chip in and cover about two years of education for every American student already at a public university. Or maybe just one year. Either way, it'd be a nice gesture. What better way is there to realize the ultimate goal of clean transportation than to directly pluck gas-burning cars off the street? At about $37,990 a pop, Elon Musk can now afford to buy over 4.96 million 2021 Tesla Model 3s and give them directly to those who can't afford them. Of course, even that's assuming that Musk doesn't get some sort of CEO discount. Hopefully this one is self-explanatory. More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk Is Now Officially The Wealthiest Person on Earth Share This Article 
At some point, you’ve probably felt paranoid about who might be prying into your personal information, your data, and your browsing habits online. But how paranoid is it, really? Everyone from your Internet Service Provider (ISP) to law enforcement to data marketers to hackers are trying to get their hands on your data, so you have every right to be concerned. So if you care at all about your privacy and the security of your data, you need a virtual private network (VPN) from CyberGhost VPN, one of the most trusted names in the field. It’s common knowledge that the concepts of privacy and security are pretty much extinct online, but they don’t have to be. With a CyberGhost VPN, you get instant access to a plethora of privacy and security features that will help hide your Internet activity and data from everyone who isn’t you and you alone. And that’s not the only reason to use CyberGhost VPN. The same features that protect your privacy also essentially "unlock the Internet." Geographical restrictions on content, speed throttling from unscrupulous ISPs, and blocks against downloading media will fall away like dominoes, and you can enjoy the Internet with security and peace of mind. CyberGhost VPN’s software encrypts all your in going and outgoing data in such a way that no one on the outside is able to see in, no matter who they are. It also routes all your traffic through its array of lightning-fast VPN servers, which cloaks your IP address from the sites you visit and anyone else who may be looking in. You can try CyberGhost VPN for 45 days under a full money-back guarantee, so there's no risk to try it. But with a special discounted rate, you can get complete protection for as little as $2.25 a month. Here are some of the features that set CyberGhost apart from the rest of the VPN pack: With a new year kicking off and a great promotional rate available now from CyberGhost VPN, there’s no better time for you to finally take control of your Internet security and privacy and use the Internet the way you want. If you’re ready to give it a try, check out CyberGhost VPN and get started, now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With the arrival of the New Year, it's time to make your New Year’s resolutions. And if one of your New Year’s resolutions is to learn more about the world and its wonders, you're in luck. CuriosityStream is a streaming service for people who love to learn. It hosts numerous award-winning, thought-provoking educational content covering history, science, technology, and sports. Offering everything from documentaries about the Declaration of Independence to the life of an oak tree, CuriosityStream is guaranteed to transform your binge-watching habit into an entertaining educational experience. And best of all, CuriosityStream offers a “sneak peek” so you can sample everything CuriosityStream has to offer. Apart from a wide variety of curated content, CuriosityStream also has over 90 original programs. One such documentary is Pompeii: Disaster Street, which explores what happened to the people of Pompeii after a catastrophic Vesuvius eruption in 79AD. Another original title is A World Without NASA, a documentary in which scientists ruminate about how the world would look if NASA never existed. Are you a mystery fan? CuriosityStream's two-season original Mysteries of the Bible: Unlocked impressively explores archaeologists’ newest finds in the Fertile Crescent which explains several chapters of The New Testament. The quality of CuriosityStream’s content is guaranteed by its founder, John Hendricks. Spending 32 years as a chairman of the Discovery Group, Hendricks created a series of cable-television channels that became household names. Ever heard of Discovery Channel or Animal Planet? Those are just some of the many channels that helped skyrocket Discovery Group into a leading global media company. However, unlike the Discovery Channel, which requires a cable TV, all you need for CuriosityStream is a stable Internet connection. Also, with CuriosityStream, you’re can watch anytime, anywhere, as there are no geographical restrictions. CuriosityStream is available on plenty of platforms and devices. It can be accessed on almost any Internet conntected devices, and is supported on Android (5.0 and up) and iOS (11 and up) systems. It can also be accessed on a wide variety of smart TVs, including Apple, Android, and Amazon Fire TV. It even works on Xbox One, which means you can watch CuriosityStream while taking a break from your gaming sessions. CuriosityStream offers several subscription plans, and you can opt between HD plans and 4K plans. The service also offers a whopping 40-percent discount on annual plans. This means you’ll pay $11.99 instead of $19.99 for the HD annual plan. And instead of $69.99 for the 4K annual plan, you’ll pay just $41.99. Compare those prices to other services. One of the most common New Year’s sayings is “new year, new me.” CuriosityStream won’t make you a new person, but it can certainly help you become more insightful, knowledgeable, and inquisitive. So get started now, and treat yourself to CuriosityStream! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A group of Finnish researchers are proposing a permanent human habitat in the orbit of Ceres, a massive asteroid and dwarf planet in the asteroid belt, between Mars and Jupiter. According to the team, this "megasatellite settlement" could be built by collecting materials from Ceres itself. If that sounds familiar to fans of the popular sci-fi book and TV series "The Expanse," that's because in that fictional universe, Ceres Station plays a pivotal role as one of humanity's first human off-world colonies. In the series, however, the space rock itself was spun up to create a crewed habitat on its surface with artificial gravity. In a paper uploaded to the prewrite repository arXiv this week, the team argues that Ceres would be prime real estate because it has nitrogen, which could enable the creation of an Earth-like atmosphere. In fact, they argue that the environment could even be "better than Earth," since there's no adverse weather or natural disasters, and plenty of living space to grow into. They propose a number of smaller spinning satellites, attached to each other via magnetic tethers to create a massive disk-shaped megasatellite. Artificial gravity approximately equal to that of Earth could be achieved by spinning the massive structure around Ceres. Such a habitat would have to make a full rotation around the dwarf planet in just 66 seconds to maintain the artificial gravity. Connecting each habitat would be maglev train-like vehicles, a weightless experience to passengers. "When first encountered, weightlessness causes nausea and vomiting for some people," the paper reads. "However, in a settlement where people experience occasional weightlessness from childhood, it is plausible to think that they can tolerate it well during short trips." The settlement could also act as a stepping stone to other reaches of the solar system. "The motivation is to have a settlement with artificial gravity that allows growth beyond Earth’s living area, while also providing easy intra-settlement travel for the inhabitants and reasonably low population density of 500/km2," the abstract reads. That's about the population density of New Jersey. Thanks to its low gravity and fast rotation, the researchers argue that a "space elevator is feasible," allowing easy transportation of materials from Ceres to other settlements without the need for much fuel. So what about space radiation and the threat of meteorite impacts? The team has considered those threats as well. They propose a set of massive cylindrical mirrors that could do double duty by collecting sunlight and passing it onto the habitat, while also blocking submeter scale meteoroids. READ MORE: Terraforming the dwarf planet: Interconnected and growable Ceres megasatellite world [arXiv] More on Ceres: Study: Dwarf Planet Ceres is an Ocean World Share This Article 
If you’re thinking about putting some of your money into Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, now might be the best time ever to strike while the iron is hot. There are several big events happening in the world of crypto in the first part of 2021, and if analysts are correct on the future for these cryptocurrencies, there could be a lot of people who wish they’d gotten in earlier. Rather than risk being one of those left-behind folks, consider opening a free account with Bitcoin IRA, the easy way to invest in cryptocurrency for your retirement. The first of those events is coming up in February, when CME, the largest regulated derivatives marketplace, will launch Etherum futures, a move that mirrors the Bitcoin futures they’ve already been trading since last year. This will mark a new era for Ethereum and potentially skyrocketing values for the crypto. And Bitcoin IRA would be an ideal way to get in on the action today. Another fast approaching milestone is the reported IPO for the Coinbase crypto exchange, which is rumored to be in the words with Goldman Sachs at the helm. Coinbase is valued at around $28 billion and at such a figure a Coinbase IPO would be the largest IPO in the history of cryptocurrency. This could be another boon to the value of those you can buy and sell with Bitcoin IRA. The last and potentially most significant of the three upcoming crypto milestones foreseen by the folks at Bitcoin IRA is PayPal bringing its crypto capabilities to Venmo (and its 60 million users) sometime in the first quarter of 2021. The easier it gets to buy and spend cryptos on finance apps that people are already used to, the more these cryptos will be bought and sold, and their value can be expected to go up in the process. If you’re convinced that the time is right to invest in cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin IRA is the ideal way to start. It’s the world’s first, largest and most secure cryptocurrency IRA, and it's already trusted by thousands of users who trade everything from Bitcoin and Ethereum to XRP and Stellar Lumens on its secure, proprietary online platform. You can get started at Bitcoin IRA with nothing more than a free account for as little as $100. With that, you can self-trade crypto anytime, anywhere, with features like price tracking and regular market reports to keep your trades as sharp and timely as possible. While you can trade with as little as $100, optimizing Bitcoin IRA for your financial future means linking it up to your bank accounts and your own tax-free IRA. You can set up a recurring contribution that will grow your account every single month with a feature called Saver IRA, and Bitcoin IRA has crypto and gold investment specialists to guide you through every step of the process, no matter what your level of investing aptitude or experience might be. There’s no better way to avoid the regret of having missed out on the next big thing than getting started as soon as possible. So if you’re intrigued by the possibilities of a free Bitcoin IRA account, get more information and sign up today right here. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
YouTuber Lewis Hilsenteger, who runs the channel Unbox Therapy, just got his hands on a particularly apocalyptic take on the future: a BioVYZR "personal air-purifying shield." The device, essentially a $379 helmet-backpack-contraption, claims to filter out nasty coronavirus particles using filters on its vents. An electric fan circulates air to make sure the "shield" won't fog up immediately. As Hilsenteger discovers in the video, BioVYZR even included small gloves lining both sides of the helmet, allowing you to scratch your own face or take out your headphones without taking the contraption off — or bringing contaminants in. Still, the device doesn't look comfortable to wear for extended periods of time. "It does feel a little bit humid," Hilsenteger noted. Level three on the fan controller also emitted a clearly audible humming noise that's bound to get irritating after a while. "This is obviously a very extreme version of protection that is not going to be for everyone, but maybe it's some kind of glimpse into the future way in which humans will protect themselves," Hilsenteger added. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) have yet to comment on such contraptions, but the concept isn't wholly farfetched. Powered air purifying respirators (PAPRs) have long been used in hospitals to allow healthcare workers at hospitals to protect themselves. READ MORE: This is NOT Science Fiction... [YouTube] More on the product: Protect Yourself and Others With This Personal Air Purifying Shield Share This Article 
It’s a cliche at this point to talk about how awful a year 2020 was. But it’s nevertheless true. As a result, more and more people are turning to online counseling platforms to help cope with the seemingly endless torrent of hardship and grief that the year has brought. And if you've been considering it for yourself, Online-Therapy.com has everything you need to find the professional mental health help you need without leaving your home. Some online counseling sites just offer live chats with therapists. But Online-Therapy.com gives you more -- much more. It’s a complete therapy toolbox with live online sessions and a variety of features that are available even when you aren’t talking directly to a counselor. There are online worksheets, journals, a message inbox, activity planners, and even a yoga program for true peace of mind and spirit. Online-Therapy.com is based on the principles of cognitive behavioral therapy (or CBT), which is one of the most common and effective types of therapy currently in use. Put as simply as possible, CBT seeks to help you identify, challenge and overcome your dysfunctional thoughts, behaviors and emotions using proven tools and strategies. And Online-Therapy.com brings the tools of CBT directly into your own home. Once you subscribe to Online-Therapy.com, you’ll be able to stay in touch with your therapist no matter where you are, provided you have access to the Internet. With the site’s worksheets, journals, and 24/7 messaging in addition to live sessions via video, voice, or text chat, you’ll soon be well on your way to improved mental health without ever setting foot in a waiting room. Your Online-Therapy.com regimen will consist of separate sections with information and tools you can use to tackle whatever problems you might be facing. You can choose to enjoy these sections in video or audio form, but they’re also available as straight text. Each Online-Therapy.com section includes interactive worksheets with questions and other tools. Once you complete them, you’ll get real feedback from your therapist within 24 hours, and that’s in addition your weekly half-hour therapy session in the aforementioned live video, live voice, or live text format. And of course, you can also reach your therapist via message at any time of the day or night and depend on a reply in a timely fashion. You can get a complete breakdown of all the tools that will be at your disposal by visiting Online-Therapy.com. Get started by choosing your personal areas of concern so you can be matched with a therapist best suited to your specific needs. Then, you can choose the subscription plan that works best for you, with prices starting at less than $32 per week. And right now, you can get 20-percent off your first month. So if you're ready to take the first step towards a happier, more fulfilled, and healthier you, head to Online-Therapy.com and get started now, and take control of your mental health. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Later this month, Harvard astronomy researcher Avi Loeb will publish a book with the provocative title "Extraterrestrial: The First Sign of Intelligent Life Beyond Earth." In the book, Loeb doubles down on his controversial theory that 'Oumuamua, an interstellar object spotted by astronomers in 2017, may be an alien probe that was sent by an advanced extraterrestrial civilization. According to a statement by Loeb's publisher HMH Books received by the Boston Globe, Loeb "showed it was not an asteroid; it was moving too fast along a strange orbit, and left no trail of gas or debris in its wake." To Loeb, it's compelling evidence that an advanced alien civilization came by for a visit. It's a striking theory, but one that puts him at odds with the vast majority of SETI researchers, who hold that we have not yet found compelling proof of life beyond the Earth. But to be fair, before 2017 we had also never found anything like 'Oumuamua. It's the first interstellar object to have ever been directly observed, which has made it the subject of extensive speculation since it was first spotted by astronomers at the Haleakalā Observatory, Hawaii, on October 19, 2017. The cigar-shaped object entered the solar system tumbling at a highly unusual orbit — and at a breakneck pace — seemingly defying the gravitational pull of the Sun. That finding left astronomers frazzled: was it a comet or an asteroid? And why was it emitting gas? Loeb has been one of the most prominent advocates of the theory that the object was an alien probe. In 2018, Loeb and postdoctoral researcher Shmuel Bialy published an article in the journal The Astrophysical Journal Letters, in which the pair first examined the possibility. In the article, Loeb and Bialy argued that "one possibility is that 'Oumuamua is a lightsail, floating in interstellar space as debris from advanced technological equipment" or that it's "a fully operational probe sent intentionally to Earth vicinity by an alien civilization." Other astrophysicists were not impressed. "Honestly, I think it’s a bit of wild speculation,” Canadian astronomer Robert Weryk, who himself discovered 'Oumuamua in 2017, told the CBC in 2018. "We actually think that’s not true based on the data that we obtained." In 2019, an international team of researchers published a study on ‘Oumuamua in the journal Nature Astronomy, arguing that they found "no compelling evidence to favor an alien explanation," and that "Oumuamua’s properties are consistent with a natural origin." They argued that while the object didn't quite fall under the definition of either an asteroid or comet, small gas emissions from its surface could explain its unusual trajectory through the solar system, deviating from an expected path that took the Sun's gravitational pull into account. Despite the criticism, Loeb is steadfast in his belief that 'Oumuamua could be a sign that we're not alone in the universe. "The data we gathered on 'Oumuamua are incomplete," he argued in a December essay for Scientific American. "To learn more, we must continue to monitor the sky for similar objects," he wrote. "The realization that we are not alone will have dramatic implications for our goals on Earth and our aspirations for space." READ MORE: In new book, Harvard astronomer pushes theory about object that passed through solar system; alien world may have sent it [The Boston Globe] More on Loeb: Harvard Astronomer Says We Should Hunt for Alien Probes Share This Article 
When it comes to investing, real estate has always been tough. Some investors shied away from real estate investing since it was often nerve-racking and overly complicated. Others simply didn't have easy access to the information required to make a solid investment decision. However, thanks to an online real estate investment marketplace called Roofstock, real estate investing is now as easy as buying stock. So, why is investing in real estate, especially in single-family rentals (SFRs) a great way to diversify your portfolio? To begin with, SFRs provide a steadfast cash flow every month. And aside from being a stable source of income, SFRs tend to appreciate over time. Although there were many calamities in 2020, this hasn’t affected the SFR market at all. According to BusinessWire, despite the economic downturn, home prices in the US still rose by 9.4 percent. As the SFR market goes through its renaissance, it is worth mentioning that in the third quarter of 2020 SFRs had a 95.3-percent occupancy rating, which is the highest rate since 1994. However, the growth of the SFR market isn’t expected to stop. Presently, the SFR market is worth around $3 trillion, and 13-million new rental households are expected to appear in the US by 2030. The SFR market also offers numerous tax benefits, such as operating expense deductions, interest expense deductions, and accelerated depreciation. However, as it was previously mentioned, the process of investing in real estate was nerve-racking and complicated. Luckily, long-time real estate investors Gregory Watson, Gary Beasley, and Rich Ford had that in mind when they set out to found Roofstock, an online marketplace for cost-efficient and transparent real estate purchases. Since their launch in 2015, Roofstock has managed to surpass a whopping $2 trillion in transactions, which has changed real estate investignas we know it. Whether you’re a first-time investor or a global asset manager, Roofstock’s simple interface makes investing in real estate as easy as investing in stock. By using their online marketplace, you can purchase or sell rental properties, including SFRs. But before you buy, you can learn more about the rental property. The platform offers pictures, floor plans, a 3-D tour, and even a 3-D model of the property. Apart from heaps of visual proof, Roofstock offers plenty of interactive tools to help you analyze the feasibility of the property, such as a visualizer of return and cost estimates. To ensure you are investing in the right property, Roofstock also offers information such as neighborhood and local school ratings. Not wishing to manage the property yourself? Roofstock has you covered. It offers a wide array of property managers, which take care of anything from repairs to the maintenance of your property. Roofstock’s property managers operate in all of the US, which means that you can buy your property in Illinois while living in California. In short, you buy the property and receive the income, while property managers will do the rest. Roofstock also offers to invest in real estate portfolios in different cities and states. Roofstock’s 1031 Exchange program offers you a deference of capital gains taxes if you invest in a property or a portfolio with the same or higher value. Roofstock helps you through the 1031 Exchange program by identifying the best replacement portfolios to invest in, as well as helping you in selecting the best property management partners. If you’re having a hard time choosing between portfolios to invest in, Roofstock offers expert advice, which can help with finding and/or building the portfolio based on your needs and assets. One of Roofstock’s main innovations is the “Bring Your Own Property” program, where investors can buy properties that are not listed on the Roofstock Marketplace. If the purchase is available, Roofstock will connect you with a trustworthy local real estate agent, which will give you further details, as well as financial projections of the property. Roofstock’s local real estate agent will help you in the negotiation process and after an offer has been accepted, with post-purchase activities. Regardless of whether the property has been listed on the Roofstock Marketplace, Roofstock offers a 30-day money-back guarantee on any property purchased. This means that a refund is possible if you are unsatisfied with your property. Just contact Roofstock within 30 days from closing on the property. Another perk of investing in real estate via Roofstock is their Lease-Up Guarantee program. If you fail to manage to secure a lease within 45 days, Roofstock will cover rent for up to one year. Although investing in real estate was notorious for being tedious and complicated, Roofstock is redefining it. As the real estate market (especially the SFR) is booming at the moment, there might not be a better time for you to check out Roofstock for yourself. Click here to get started now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There’s never been a better time to get creative with how you invest your money. Thanks to the democratization of investment techniques brought about by investment apps, cryptocurrencies, and other platforms, you have more options than ever to make it work for you. And FarmTogether is one such platform that specializes in one of the smartest investments you can make: US farmland. Historically, farmland has made a good investment since it represents real, tangible assets that generate revenue on a regular basis. Investing in farmland is a dependable hedge against economic hardships like inflation and the volatility of the stock market. Historically, farmland is one of the least volatile investments you can make, and has avoided the rapid ups and downs of the stock market. In financial terms, farmland as an investment asset is considered to have “low cyclicality,” meaning that it’s a relatively stable investment in the long term. And with FarmTogether, it’s easier than ever for you to benefit from that stability in your own financial portfolio. In the old days, any serious investor in farmland needed enough raw capital to purchase an entire farm. But with FarmTogether that’s no longer necessary. That's because FarmTogether lets you to invest in portions of individual farms. FarmTogether works similarly to crowdfunding apps like Kickstarter or GoFundMe. When you contribute towards a farmland purchase, you get an investment stake in the property in return -- and a cut of the profits in the bargain. Unlike Kickstarter or GoFundMe, FarmTogether vouches for every piece of land on the platform. They’re vetted by the FarmTogether executive investment committee, which only selects the most promising pieces of land from hundreds of potential investments. And you're not relying solely on their judgment. FarmTogether also employs external independent analysts to consider each piece of land from every conceivable angle: from soil quality, to water rights, to improvement potential, and more. The bottom line: only the most promising pieces of property will be available for investment on FarmTogether. Once a piece of land makes it into the club, FarmTogether users invest in a piece of an LLC that will carry out the day-to-day operations of the farm. FarmTogether will allow you to make a fully informed investment, with all the available information on the properties in question, including the estimated cash yields. Investors will see their money grow in two different ways. Right away, you’ll see a cut from the proceeds that come from your farm’s revenue. But then, once the property has appreciated and the time is right, it’s sold, and you get your cut from the sale. No investment is a sure thing, and as with any investment, there’s no such thing as a guaranteed payday. But FarmTogether lets you invest responsibly and conveniently, with a fraction of the capital you might need to invest the old-fashioned way. So if you’re ready to get started, head over to FarmTogether now for more information. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If regular exercise or other strenuous physical activity has you suffering from chronic muscle pain, you’ve likely tried to find a good topical rub to relieve the pain. But if your go-to muscle rub isn't giving you the results you need, it's time to upgrade to the advanced pain relief of Quanta CBD Muscle Rub Plus. The secret to this fastest-acting CBD topical rub lies in Quanta’s own proprietary polarization technology. Polarizing the rub's active ingredient (arnica montana) energizes it and allows it to penetrate the muscle tissue through the skin faster. The end result? More and greater relief and less inflammation compared to other CBD topical rubs. With so many muscles in the human body, there are countless sources of potential pain and discomfort. But Quanta Muscle Rub Plus has alleviated almost all of them. Hundreds of satisfied customers have taken to the Quanta website to share their experiences with a Quanta CBD rub, and they report relief for everything from lumbar pain, hip pain, leg pain, and much more. And perhaps best of all Quanta Muscle Rub Plus is all natural. For proof, here’s a complete list of its 13 all-natural ingredients: Cera Alba (Beeswax), Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower Oil), Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride (Fractionated Coconut Oil), Menthol (Menthol Crystals), Limnanthes Alba Seed Oil (Meadowfoam Oil), Polarized Arnica Montana (Arnica Oil), Mentha Piperita (Peppermint Oil), Cinnamomum Camphora (White Camphor Oil), Tocopheryl Acetate (Vitamin E Oil), Curcuma Longa (Turmeric Oil), Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender Oil), Eugenia Caryophyllus (Clove Oil), Polarized Cannabidiol (Hemp CBD), and Zingiber Officinale (Ginger Root Oil). Some users of CBD oils have complained about smell, but Quanta Muscle Rub Plus is lightly scented for a fresh and clean scent. It’s never greasy, and if you’ve been dissatisfied with topical rubs in the past, it might just change the way you think about such products in the future. Quanta’s Muscle Rub Plus is the Extra Strength variant of Quanta’s regular CBD rub, and customers have reported a marked difference in both its effectiveness and the speed at which it starts to work. So if you have anything more than mild, occasional muscle pain, it might be the heavy hitter you need. You can get a single tin of Quanta Muscle Rub Plus for $60. But if you buy in bulk (anywhere from ten to a hundred tins) you can save 20-percent off the regular price -- making the bulk option a no-brainer if you intend to enjoy its benefits on a regular basis. So if you have tired or aching muscles that would benefit from the most powerful CBD topical rub available, head to Quanta now and give Muscle Rub Plus a try. A non-editorial team at Futurism has partnered with Harmony Hemp to create this article, and we may receive a percentage of sales from this post. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
The FDA recently granted emergency use authorization to the first at-home COVID test that consumers can purchase and use without a prescription from a doctor. Unfortunately, while these tests will certainly be helpful in the fight to stop the spread of SARS-CoV-2, they may not be quite as helpful as we would like. The reason for this is that the particular test that was approved is an antigen test, and antigen tests are not as sensitive as a polymerase chain reaction, or PCR, tests. That means they are more likely to deliver false negatives, and when you do get a positive result, you may still need to get an additional test from your healthcare provider. So if you want a state-of-the-art home COVID test with a higher degree of certainty, you need the At Home Coronavirus Viral Detection Test from myLAB Box. myLAB Box is a first-of-its-kind company that specializes in convenient at-home medical test kits that get delivered right to your doorstep. They’ve worked with some of the top experts in the country to design an easy-to-use system that allows you to take their tests anywhere, anytime. Each one can be completed in under 5 minutes, and because any positive tests come with a free physician consultation, there’s never a need to drive, schedule appointments, or wait in line at a clinic. Of course, when it comes to COVID-19, contactless testing isn’t just a matter of convenience. If you need to get a COVID test—whether it’s because you are showing symptoms, you’ve had close contact with someone who has the disease, or you have recently returned from somewhere with high rates of infection—the last thing you should be doing is hanging out with a bunch of other people at medical clinics and hospitals and potentially spreading the disease to others, including our front-line healthcare workers. Luckily, in addition to all their other at-home medical tests, myLAB Box now offers an easy-to-use home COVID test. The myLAB Box P23 COVID-19 At-Home Test was developed by a CLIA-certified high complexity clinical laboratory and fully authorized by the FDA. All you have to do is order it, collect your sample, and mail it back. No appointments. No lines. No clinics. With the myLAB Box COVID test, collecting a sample is easy and painless. The test collection kit uses a non-invasive self-collected saliva sample that is much simpler to perform than the nasopharyngeal swabs performed in clinical settings. Whereas nasopharyngeal swabs require going through the nostril into the back of the nose and throat, the myLAB Box collection kit requires a simple oral swab. Once you have collected your sample, you send it back via overnight mail in the shipping box provided. Once it arrives at the laboratory, they will use a combination of viral RNA extraction and amplification along with PCR to detect the SARS-CoV-2 virus if present. Tests are processed within 24 hours of arriving at the lab, and results are posted in your 100-percent confidential customer portal. Factoring in shipping times, you should have your results just 3-4 days after placing your order. If you should test positive for COVID-19, you will be offered a free telehealth consultation with a licensed physician within 24 hours. If you think you may have COVID-19, or you have another reason you believe you should get tested, why waste your time and expose yourself and others to more risk? Take a look at the home COVID test from myLAB Box. It’s fast. It’s discreet. And best of all, it’s easy. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It’s tempting to assume that our expensive new smartphones with their high-tech cameras can do practically anything. But there’s a whole world surrounding us that most of our standard phones can’t capture: the world of thermal imaging. The applications of thermal imaging technology are numerous, and thanks to FLIR ONE's thermal camera smartphone modules, they’re all at your fingertips. Attach a FLIR ONE thermal camera to your smartphone and download the FLIR app, and you’ll be able to experience thermal imaging technology right from your phone. You’re probably familiar with the concept from seeing it in movies or video games. But if that’s your only exposure to it, you might not realize the myriad practical things it can be used for. For instance, thermal imaging is often used to find household problems like insulation failures, various electrical issues, or water leaks, all of which become easy to spot when viewed by a thermal camera like the FLIR ONE. Fixing up issues around the house is only the most practical use for a FLIR ONE camera. It can also be used for more exciting endeavors, like seeing in the dark. Animals that instinctively flee at the sight of human beings can be viewed through a thermal camera at night even if they're hiding. The FLIR ONE can also be used to help find a lost pet at night, should the situation arise. Whatever else you choose to do with a FLIR ONE is pretty much up to your imagination. It has artistic potential that has yet to be fully realized. It's an amazing too for simply showing you a new way to (literally) look at the world around you. And if you have any kids, it could be an invaluable part of their early science education. Everything that the FLIR ONE can do, the FLIR ONE Pro can do even better, with a maximum native resolution of 19,200 pixels. The FLIR ONE will do fine for your kid’s science fair, but if you’re a professional who uses thermal imaging in any part of your work, the FLIR ONE Pro is likely the way to go. In addition to its improved visual clarity and impressive array of programmed measurement tools, the FLIR ONE Pro thermal camera can also capture an expanded range of temperatures up to three times higher than any other FLIR ONE product -- up to 752 degrees Fahrenheit. Whether you decide to opt for the FLIR ONE or the FLIR ONE Pro, you’re entering an exciting world colloquially known as “heat vision." And you’ll probably find more uses for it than you can imagine right now. So if you’re ready to give it a try, head over to the FLIR online store, check out the FLIR ONE or the FLIR ONE Pro, and get ready to expand your smartphone’s capabilities beyond the visible light spectrum. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
