If you’re interested in the world of cryptocurrency but don't really know where to begin, good news. CoinSmart is a cryptocurrency platform that's extremely easy to use while also being fast and secure. Basically, it’s the superior way to sell, trade, and buy cryptocurrency online, with none of the pitfalls that one can run into on other platforms. Once you set up an account with CoinSmart, it usually only takes a moment to confirm your identity, which means you can get started immediately. When you make deposits, the money shows up in your account on that same day with minimal lag times, and fiat withdrawals back to your regular accounts are guaranteed to take between one and five days to process. CoinSmart cuts out some of the usual middlemen involved in the crypto process, which means no more pairing or tethering before you can start to buy cryptocurrency. It’s distinguished from the older ways of crypto trading by way of five basic elements -- here they are: CoinSmart was engineered to be easy to use for everyone, no matter what their experience level in cryptocurrency might be. Whether you’re a seasoned crypto trader or just using it as an easy way to buy cryptocurrency for the first time, CoinSmart’s interface is as simple, intuitive, and user-friendly as possible. SmartTrade is an exclusive feature to CoinSmart, and allows traders to get the coins they need in just one click, with no trading pairs necessary. With CoinSmart, you don’t have to give up security in the name of speed or ease of use. All of CoinSmart’s security features are at the same caliber of a major financial institution, with two-factor authentication and cold storage that leads the industry, so you have absolute peace of mind that your crypto assets are safe and sound. Just as CoinSmart’s user interface is designed to suit every level of experience, its trading features include everything a crypto veteran might need. Limit Orders, Stop Loss, Charting, and other tricks of the trade are included in the CoinSmart arsenal and will be at your fingertips once your account is confirmed. Should any technical issues or questions come up, CoinSmart technical support is available 24/7 via phone, email, or live chat. Karen S was new to the cryptocurrency market, and found CoinSmart’s support staff and its array of learning tools to be an ideal place to learn the ropes: “The entire team at CoinSmart is terrific. As a new user to the crypto market, I had a lot of questions and anxiety. They were knowledgeable and patient with me throughout the entire process. I could not have asked for better service. Excellent job!” So if you’re ready to make your first (or thousandth) cryptocurrency purchase, head over to CoinSmart’s official site to get started today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The sharp-eyed bloggers at Patently Apple spotted a fascinating new patent by Apple: a system that would add a tiny screen to every single key on a device's keyboard. "The first surface may be adjacent to the key display and may receive key label images from the key display," reads the ponderous patent-speak. "The second surface may face outwardly towards a user and may receive key press input from the fingers of a user while presenting key label images for viewing." In other words, Apple is describing a standalone or laptop keyboard in which every single key can be reconfigured to show anything — switching from English characters to Cyrillic, for instance, or changing the layout from QWERTY to Dvorak on the fly.  Of course, it could probably also do a lot more. It's not hard to imagine the system opening up cool new possibilities in design or gaming. At the same time, keyboards are a difficult piece of hardware to innovate on. They deal with constant percussive hits from users and it's nearly impossible to use a computer without one. And any apps that relied on the new tech wouldn't work on any existing computers that didn't have it yet. And Apple has run into trouble with keyboards before. A few years back, a wave of problems hit the company's fragile new MacBook Pro keyboards in an embarrassing episode that eventually led the tech giant to abandon the keyboard design entirely. READ MORE: He spent 10 days in jail after facial recognition software led to the arrest of the wrong man, lawsuit says [NJ Advance Media] More on algorithmic policing: Cops Arrested an Innocent Man Because Facial Recognition Told Them To Share This Article 
Do you find that you’ve been running on fumes lately? Well, you’re not alone. This time of year is always a grind. The weather is getting colder. The daylight is getting shorter. And as fun and joyous as the holidays may be, getting ready for them is a lot of work. After a while all the hustle and bustle can start to take a serious toll, both physically and mentally. Of course, for a lot of people, the solution to these winter doldrums is to just double down on caffeine and just soldier through. But what if there was a better way to give yourself a boost? What if, instead of just slapping your brain awake with a sugary energy drink or a triple nonfat candy cane mochaccino, you could fuel it with the nutrients and minerals it actually needs to function at full capacity? Well, thanks to the innovative team of scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective, there is. It’s called Qualia Nootropic Energy. And it’s the world’s first nootropics-based clean energy shot. (Futurism Readers: Use coupon code “PROD15” for 15% off your purchase.) Qualia Nootropic Energy is the result of years of research into brain function and neurochemical systems. This research allowed Neurohacker Collective to identify specific physiological processes that can be easily and quickly augmented by various nootropic compounds, vitamins, amino acids, fruit extracts, and herbal extracts. Their scientists then developed a precise blend of 12 such ingredients that are clinically proven to improve cognitive function and overall brain health. As you might have guessed from the name, the key ingredients in Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks are nootropics. Though some companies market nootropics as “smart drugs,” they’re really just chemical compounds that the brain consumes and uses as fuel for the various processes involved in cognition. When taken in the right amounts, and in the right combinations, nootropics have been shown to enhance neuroplasticity and neurotransmission, which in turn enhances verbal fluency, critical thinking, memory, mood, stamina, alertness, and focus. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks contain six different nootropic compounds: Unlike a lot of other nootropics supplements and energy drinks, every single ingredient in Qualia Nootropic Energy is extensively researched, and the doses are formulated to promote optimal synergy. In many cases, this means Neurohacker Collective is able to use less of particular ingredients because their efficacy is amplified by each other. Take caffeine, for example. Unlike most other nootropics supplements and energy drinks, Qualia Nootropic Energy does not use pure caffeine. Instead it uses a coffee berry extract derived from the fruit of the coffee tree. The advantage of coffee berry extract is that, in addition to caffeine, it also contains naturally occurring polyphenols that support healthy brain function. Neurohacker Collective also uses way less caffeine. While some energy drinks contain upwards of 200mg of caffeine per dose, Qualia Nootropic Energy contains only 90mg, which is less than an 8oz cup of home brewed coffee. Neurohacker Collective is able to use less caffeine per serving thanks to synergies between caffeine and other compounds like L-theanine and alpina galanga, which amplify the nootropic effects of caffeine. This is true of all the nootropics in Qualia Nootropic Energy. Each is formulated to synergize with each other, and with Qualia Nootropic Energy’s precise blend of vitamins, antioxidants, adaptogen extracts, amino acids, and choline donors, so that they promote efficient brain metabolism, provide neuroprotection, sharpen memory and focus, slow cellular aging, and improve neurotransmission. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks are designed for daily or occasional use. Each two-ounce berry-flavored shot contains just 4g of sugar and 15 total calories. Shots come in packs of 20. New subscribers get 50 percent off their first shipment, plus 17 percent off all subsequent shipments. Like all Neurohacker Collective products, Qualia Nootropic Energy comes with a full 100-day money-back guarantee, plus a free cognitive assessment tool to help you track changes in cognitive function. If you don’t notice an improvement in your mental performance while using Qualia Nootropic Energy shots, they’ll give you a full refund. (Futurism Readers: Use coupon code “PROD15” for 15% off your purchase.) We all need a pick-me-up from time to time. And let’s face it, this has been one hell of a year. If you’re looking for a way to boost energy, focus, memory, and productivity without the all-too-common side effects of traditional stimulants and energy drinks, click here to give Qualia Nootropic Energy a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everyone knows that cigarettes aren’t as popular as they once were. As more and more people became aware of the massive health risks involved in their continued use, the popularity of the once ubiquitous oral accessory has dwindled, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t still lots of smokers out there who know they should quit but don’t want to give up the allure of the cigarette altogether. There’s no shortage of gums, patches, and other products out there to aid in this endeavor, but none of them are quite as cool as Oklahoma Smokes hemp flower cigarettes. Oklahoma Smokes are, as suggested by their name, actual cigarettes. But they don’t have any tobacco or nicotine, or in fact any additives of any kind. Instead, they’re filled with all-natural and indoor grown hemp flower, which is rich in CBD and provides as satisfying and smooth a smoke as you’ve ever enjoyed. All without the addictive properties of the nicotine found in tobacco. In fact every batch of Oklahoma Smokes’s hemp flower is double lab tested and guaranteed free of not just tobacco and nicotine but any sort of harsh chemicals, additives, toxins or pesticides. If you’re interested in kicking your nicotine habit but you don’t want to kick your treasured smoking rituals cold turkey, Oklahoma Smokes are the ideal way to do it, especially when used in conjunction with other stop-smoking aids like patches or gum. Early research on the subject suggests that hemp flower can help reduce nicotine cravings. And by smoking it in such a familiar form (said to be redolent of a traditional light cigarette when smoked), you can help fight the urge to smoke a normal cigarette just because you're used to the ritual. With Oklahoma Smokes, you can give up the nicotine without giving up the comfort and ritual of smoking cold turkey. Being rich in CBD, Oklahoma Smokes can also provide you with the well known benefits of that miraculous substance. These cigarettes are designed to look, feel, and smoke just like traditional cigs but without the addictive properties of nicotine. You'll get a smoke that will have you feeling calm and relaxed at any time of day. They burn a bit faster than a typical cigarette thanks to their additive-free paper, but other than that, you’ll likely find the experience a more than adequate substitution for your usual pack of coffin nails. You can get a pack of 20 Oklahoma Smokes from the brand’s online shop. And if you order three or more packs, the shipping is on the house.So if you're ready to quit smoking, but don't think you can dump the ritual cold turkey, give Oklahoma Smokes a try. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
This has been a pretty rough year. Between the pandemic, the election, and the economic crisis, it’s hardly a surprise that  more people than ever are suffering from things like anxiety, depression, and insomnia. And, unfortunately, a lot of people simply are not getting the professional help they need, whether it’s because it’s too expensive, because psychiatrists and therapists in their area are all booked up, or because it’s simply too much of a hassle to deal with all the red tape of the traditional healthcare system. However, it doesn’t have to be that way. If you’ve been experiencing emotional health problems but haven’t done anything about it yet, you need to check out Cerebral online counseling. Cerebral is a comprehensive online mental health service designed to help people overcome the roadblocks associated with traditional mental healthcare. Unlike some online services that just provide counseling, Cerebral takes a one-stop approach to mental healthcare, supporting you through every step in the process. What that means is that, in addition to online counseling, Cerebral also provides access to fully licensed healthcare providers who can actually help you manage your medications. Then they’ll even ship prescriptions right to your door. And everything is included with the price of your subscription. Cerebral’s comprehensive model is designed for long term care for people 18 or older who are experiencing symptoms of anxiety, depression, or insomnia and believe they may benefit from treatment. Cerebral providers may also be able to treat bipolar disorder, depending on severity and the types of medications required. However, Cerebral is not suitable for people suffering from mental health issues such including schizophrenia, suicidal ideation, and substance abuse issues. Getting started with Cerebral could not be easier. The first thing you do is take their free emotional assessment form so their experts can get an idea of the symptoms you are experiencing. After that you’ll choose from one of three different subscription plans and get started. The Medication + Basic Care plan is for people who know they need medication, but only require occasional counseling. With this plan, after you complete your assessment you’ll have a video or phone visit with your prescribing provider, who will help you determine your course of treatment and provide monthly follow-up appointments. You will also be able to schedule monthly appointments with your Care Counselor, who will discuss your progress, offer support, and teach you valuable skills such as mindfulness. And all appointments can be easily managed on Cerebral’s smartphone app. The Medication + Therapy plan is for people who need a little more support. This plan gives you everything you get in the Medication + Basic Care plan, but instead of monthly sessions with a Care Counselor you’ll get weekly online meetings with a licensed therapist. You will be matched with a list of therapists based on your assessment, and you can choose which one you think is right for you. Lastly there’s the Therapy plan for those who don’t need medication to manage their issues. With this plan you will meet weekly with your therapist, but you will not meet with a prescribing provider. Whatever plan you choose, you’ll get the help you need without even leaving your house. Wondering if Cerebral's online counseling is right for you? Take a look at what some of their users have to say: "This program, honestly, I have recommended it to everyone I know - because a lot of people that I know right now are lacking in insurance, and being able to pay for something monthly, and get the care that we need is truly amazing. I’ve been recommending Cerebral left and right!" —Anonymous "My therapist suggested I consider antidepressants months ago, but the cost to see a psychiatrist was too high. So I just didn’t try antidepressants at all for awhile. Since my therapist referred me to Cerebral, I get to talk not only to my prescribing doctor but also to a care counselor who makes herself available to answer all of my questions." —Alex M. "I used to take time off work to spend hundreds of dollars to see a psychiatrist, who barely remembered my name. Now, my doctor at Cerebral really cares about me and listens to me. I just really feel heard. AND, they send my meds directly to my door, and my care counselor is on it whenever I'm struggling despite the meds." —April D. "What an easy way to access really awesome care. Cerebral makes it easy - and my doctor and care counselor really care about me. When I first signed up, I thought it would be all about medication, but my Care Counselor Steven has showed me techniques like deep breathing exercises that really calm me down when I'm having a hard time." —Diana L. "I feel sooo much better ever since my provider switched my medication for anxiety. To be honest, I was skeptical at first--who gets medication on the internet? But my doctor was awesome in working with me to get the right medication, and I love that Cerebral has care counselors to monitor my treatment." —Lochlan C. If you're struggling with anxiety, depression, and insomnia, and the traditional approach treatment just isn’t working, maybe it's time to try something new. Cerebral's approach to online care seems to be working for a lot of people. Why not click here and see if it will work for you, too? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Sure, we can pretend to soberly assess articles informing us that there are more and more robots that turn into vehicles, and vice versa. But if we're really being honest, who among us doesn't want a robot friend who can change into a car on command? The Robosen T9 Programmable Robot is the mechanical buddy you've wished for, and it's also a good way to learn about robotics and programming. Currently, it's 19% off at $399.99. The Robosen T9 is, first of all, fun. Controlled through either the companion app or your voice, it flips between car and robot mode with a simple command. But that's not all it does. With 22 servos built into the chest, hands, and legs, the T9 can smoothly walk, gesture, dance, and more. It's also a fully functional RC car that you can race. Convert between modes to get over rougher terrain, and then flip back to car mode to keep going! It wakes up quickly from standby mode, and its generous 2,000 mAh battery is charged through micro-USB, so it's always ready to play. It's also ready to deal with what playtime dishes out, made from aluminum alloy and rugged ABS plastic. And at just 2.4 pounds, it's easy to pack for kids who can't be without it. However, that's just the start of the Robosen's secrets. It's also a cleverly designed educational tool. The Robosen is also highly customizable when it comes to its behaviors and actions, and that's where the most ingenious aspect of its design comes into play. The T9 is designed to ease kids into better understanding coding, with three levels of difficulty to explore. The first is Motion Memory Recording. This is as easy as it gets: You guide the robot to perform the actions that you want it to, step by step, and the app records those movements as a set of instructions. It's only limited by imagination and range of motion, and you can see the results of this method in the app. This is great for broad movements, simple dances, and other motions. The second is drag-and-drop coding, based off MIT's Scratch programming language. Here, anyone with the app can drag pre-set instructions in a specific order and preview it as the T9 performs its actions. These are a little more precise, a bit more complex, easing kids into the concepts of programming while limiting frustration and making it fun. It's also useful for tweaking motion memory recordings as you get more comfortable with coding. You can find a handy library of functions in the Robosen Hub, uploaded by fans around the world, as well, so if you're stumped, you can see how others tackled it. The final level is programming the robot from scratch, using 3D graphic programming. This allows for the most precise movements and will help kids think about how robots approach the world around them. Robots need very clear, precise instructions to work properly, and those instructions have to be in three dimensions. This isn't just a good way to get kids thinking about STEM, but also to have them consider complex spatial relations problems in a fun way. Perhaps you dreamed of having a small robot buddy when you were a kid. Maybe you've got kids of your own who want to learn STEM. Or maybe the family just wants a cool robot. No matter what, the Robosen T9 is there for you with 5-star Amazon reviews, and at 19% off, making it just $399.99, you can get your mechanical sidekick for less. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It hasn’t been a very good year for gyms. As if you needed yet another excuse not to go, the COVID-19 virus is particularly prone to spread in places where people breathe heavily in close proximity to one another. That means that optimizing your home workout has become more important for physical health and fitness than ever. And the best way to do that is with the Tempo Studio. The Tempo Studio is the perfect way for you to get the care and attention of a personal trainer without leaving your house. Just like a real human trainer, the Tempo Studio will provide you with feedback and encouragement tailored to your own specific needs and goals. The first sign that the Tempo Studio is not a typical exercise-from-home setup is its all-in-one package. Included in the Tempo Studio are a barbell, plates, dumbbells, workout mat, recovery roller, and heart rate monitor. But despite all the equipment, you only need five feet of floor space to use it effectively. However, that equipment is far from the main reason to take the plunge and make Tempo Studio a part of your home exercise routine: that would be the 42-inch HD easel display that will serve as your gym-away-from-the-gym. The Tempo Studio uses cutting edge technology to provide care and attention far beyond that of a conventional trainer. Its 3D motion capture tech can analyze your form and provide the kind of insights into your exercise the likes of which used to only be available to professional athletes and wealthy fitness enthusiasts. Through a process known as Tempo Vision, your body will be analyzed by 30 pulses of infrared light per second that combine to form a granular 3D model of your body detailed down to 80,000 individual points. Tempo Vision uses all this data to do everything from counting your reps, to monitoring your heart rate, to making recommendations about your weight, and more. Just because the Tempo Studio is the best and brightest in artificially intelligent personal trainers doesn’t mean you’ll be lacking the real human touch in your home workout. A Tempo membership will also give you access to live trainers who have real-time input into optimizing your exercise. If you’re the competitive sort you might be particularly interested in Tempo’s challenge mode, which allows you to test your endurance against other Tempo users all over the world. The Tempo Studio’s roster of live personal trainers are some of the best available, at a level of their profession that was previously only available to the richest gym members in New York or Los Angeles. And there’s an entire library of on-demand workouts for when you can’t make it to a live session, with personalized feedback and notes provided via artificial intelligence. With most of us cooped up at home in greater numbers than ever right now, it’s easy to let physical fitness and regular exercise fall by the wayside. But with the Tempo Studio and membership, there’s no reason to let your good gym habits slip. In fact, it’s an excellent way to make those good habits even better. If you have the space and the will to make use of a Tempo Studio for your home workout, head over to the Tempo online store here and order yours now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cool technology has a funny way of trickling down to regular people. Ten years ago, if you wanted to do 3D printing and laser engraving with an AI-driven robotic arm, you would have needed a PhD and a job at Caltech or MIT. But today all you need is a computer and a credit card to order yourself the Rotrics DexArm, an incredible desktop robot arm that will make you feel like you’re Tony freakin’ Stark. The DexArm is an open-source robot arm with interchangeable modules that enable it to function as a 3D printer, a laser engraver and cutter, a pen plotter, and even an AI assistant robot. That means you can use it to build gadgets and create incredible art, or teach it to address wedding invitations and pour you a beer. It’s basically the perfect hobby for anyone interested in robotics, engineering, 3D printing, graphic design, coding, and artificial intelligence. Amazingly, the DexArm is precise down to just 50 microns. Its 3D printing module can print using a number of versatile materials, including PLA, TPU, wood, and carbon fiber. Its laser engraving and cutting module lets you engrave, etch, and cut on materials like cardboard, wood, and ceramics. Its pen holder module can draw everything from schematics to custom illustrations. And its soft gripper and air picker modules let you create all sorts of custom tasks. Unlike other 3D printers, the DexArm has a huge working range of 8.3 x 11.7 inches for 2D objects and 8.6 x 8.6 x 14.9 inches for 3D objects. If you install the DexArm on the optional sliding rail kit, the number of things you can create is practically unlimited. The ability to code computer programs is an essential skill for the 21st century. Not only does it prepare us for the jobs of the future, but it also teaches us new ways to solve problems and communicate ideas. The DexArm might just be the most fun and engaging way to learn coding ever devised. If you want, you can use the included Rotrics Studio software to design projects and create custom automations. However, the DexArm is also fully compatible with Scratch, the internationally acclaimed MIT-designed app that teaches children how to code. And when you get really good at programming, Rotrics provides API for using programming languages like C, C++, Python, Java, Javascript, and ROS. In short, you can have all kinds of fun with the DexArm whether you’re a coding expert or a total beginner. The Rotrics DexArm comes with three different kits at three different price points. However, the best value is the Luxury Kit. It includes the DexArm, a 3.5-inch touchscreen controller, plus the pen holder module, laser engraving module, 3D printing module, soft-gripper module, and air-picker module—all for less than a thousand dollars. Rotrics also has a number of accessories for the DexArm that you may find useful down the road. These include the aforementioned sliding rail kit, as well as a computer vision kit, a safety enclosure, and a conveyor belt. If you’re looking for an enriching new STEM hobby for you or your family in 2021, the Rotricks DexArm could be just the thing for you. And with a 30-day money back guarantee plus a one-year warranty, you have absolutely nothing to lose from giving it a shot. So click here to order yours today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With more people stuck at home than at any other time in living memory, adult entertainment is booming. But the way in which people consume adult content is drastically changing. That's because virtual reality sex is moving from the realm of science fiction to the realm of science fact. And thanks to the people at KIIROO, the creators of the KIIROO Titan VR sex toy, realistic, immersive VR sex is an affordable option for almost anyone. The KIIROO Titan makes the old ways of enjoying adult videos look like something out of prehistoric times. With the Titan VR helmet used in conjunction with the Titan stroker and thousands of different video options,  you can experience levels of realism that were previously unimaginable.  The Titan’s stroker features nine vibrating motors located inside the device’s real-feel sleeve. These strategically placed vibrating bullets make the Titan feel better than any other comparable device, and its touch-sensitive pads offer incredible sensitivity and responsiveness to the user. And the Titan can also sync up with other Titan devices, too. This means a partner can control your device from thousands of miles away, but it will feel like they’re right in the room with you, or even closer.  If this is your first VR sex toy, Titan offers an all-inclusive bundle that gives you everything you need to get started. And the KIIROO Titan VR Experience is available now for the very special price of $165. That gets you the Titan stroker itself, the virtual reality goggles, and a bottle of KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant, and a bottle of KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner. The Titan VR Experience ships freely and discreetly, and everything that comes in the box adds up to a complete and ideal VR sex toy experience. And with thousands upon thousands of interactive porn videos already out there, and more being made all the time, you’re not likely to run out of content to enjoy with the Titan any time soon. Of course, the Titan can be used with or without the virtual reality goggles, or without any videos at all -- just in case you feel the need to give your eyes a break. Sheltering in place isn’t going to last forever, but if you intend to continue enjoying the cutting edge of virtual reality sex, the Titan VR Experience is a no-brainer, especially at that special $165 price. So, to take the first step towards the exciting world of VR sex, head over to KIIROO and grab your own Titan VR Experience now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As you might expect, people are Christmas shopping online in record levels in 2020. Although various e-commerce companies are trying to create a safer environment, online crimes such as identity theft are still a huge issue. One in four Americans have fallen victim to identity theft or credit card fraud while holiday shopping, with 35-percent falling victim online. And that number is sure to rise. However, LifeLock by Norton is a service that can help to keep your information safe. With 15-years of experience in identity theft protection, it's guaranteed to help reduce your risk of becoming a victim. Identity theft comes in various forms. After acquiring your personal information, criminals can do everything from filing fraudulent tax reports, opening and abusing credit cards, and even racking up medical bills, all in your name. And the effects of identity theft are long-lasting. According to research from the Identity Theft Resource Center (ITRC), 74 percent of identity theft victims suffered from stress, 60 percent experienced anxiety, and some victims even experienced suicidal thoughts. With criminals constantly refining their approach, it is essential to stay one step ahead. And that's where LifeLock comes in. LifeLock is an identity theft protection system that combines various per-existing security options, such as VPN and antivirus software, into a definitive bundle that protects against a wide variety of crimes and scams. For example, LifeLock's VPN blocks your information on public WiFi networks, thus making it impossible to hack into your data. LifeLock blocks any suspicious activity, and sends alerts via phone, text, or mobile app, which is available both for Android and iOS devices. LifeLock has you covered even if a data breach occurs. And depending on your plan, LifeLock will even compensate personal expenses and reimburse funds stolen should identity theft occur. If needed, they can also provide lawyers and experts to resolve any problems. LifeLock offers three subscription plans - Standard, Advantage, and Ultimate Plus. The Standard Plan starts at just $8.99 per month for the first year. The standard package features up to $25,000 for stolen funds reimbursement and personal expense compensation. Apart from financial compensations, the Standard Plan offers identity and social security number alerts, as well as credit monitoring, which keeps your credit history clear from any suspicious activities. The Advantage plan starts at $17.99 per month for the first year and offers up to $100,000 for stolen funds reimbursement and personal expense compensation. The Advantage plan gives security alerts for social security numbers, bank and credit card activity, as well as crimes in your name. The most advanced plan is the Ultimate Plus. It features up to a whopping $1 million in stolen funds reimbursement and personal expense compensation. Along with previously mentioned features from the Standard and Advantage plans, the Ultimate Plus Plan features annual bureau credit reports, as well as 401(k) investment activity alerts. All of these plans include features such as dark web monitoring, data breach notifications, USPS address change verification, and more. In these hectic times, it is vital to have a reliable system that protects you from identity theft and online fraud. Luckily, LifeLock is currently offering up to 25-percent off the first year for all the plans we've mentioned. So head over to LifeLock's website today, and help ensure you don't become the next victim. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Vitamins are a great idea in theory. If you're not getting specific nutrients from your diet, why not just get them from a fruit-flavored gummy, right? Unfortunately, in reality, it’s not that simple. First off, no two bodies and lifestyle are exactly alike. The vitamins your body needs and is capable of absorbing might be completely different from the vitamins someone else needs. Secondly, most of the nutrients and minerals in generic drugstore multivitamins don’t actually get into your system because of poorly designed delivery methods. That means most of them just get flushed out of your body and down the toilet. But the good news is it doesn’t have to be this way. Thanks to modern science and a high-tech wellness startup called Rootine, you can create a customized vitamin and nutrient supplement program based on a comprehensive analysis of your DNA, lifestyle, and blood nutrient levels. Let’s talk science. As mentioned above, one of the biggest problems with the standard multivitamins you get at the local drugstore is actually getting them into your system in the quantities your body actually needs. This is partly due to the fact that oral delivery methods have intrinsically poor bioavailability, which means the vitamins are flushed out of your body before they can be absorbed into the bloodstream. But it is also due to the fact that your body is genetically predisposed to over-absorb some vitamins and under-absorb others. Luckily, Rootine developed solutions to both of these problems. First, they created a slow-release microbead delivery system. These microbeads gradually get dissolved and absorbed over the course of 10+ hours so that not a single microgram of nutrition gets flushed down the toilet. Second, Rootine uses nutrigenetics and metabolomics to determine exactly what nutrients your body needs and is capable of absorbing. Nutrigenetics is the study of how slight genetic variations affect the way your body absorbs and metabolizes nutrients. Metabolomics, meanwhile, is the systematic identification and quantification of metabolites, which are the byproducts of metabolic processes in cells. By assessing levels of certain metabolites, we can get an idea of how the body processes nutrients. Rootine uses a DNA Test to determine how your genetics impact nutrient absorption. This test analyzes over 50 single nucleotide polymorphisms that have been proven to impact nutrient absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and receptor function. If you want to take things a step further, Rootine can also use blood test results to analyze metabolites and determine how nutrients function in your body. This analysis can only be performed by a handful of labs around the world, and it reveals nutrient deficiencies that traditional blood testing misses. The science behind Rootine is pretty complicated. Luckily, actually using their service is not. When you sign up, you start by taking a two-minute “lifestyle quiz.” Rootine then sends you an easy-to-use cheek swab DNA test. After you send it back, Rootine runs their tests, analyzes your samples, and creates a custom report with nutrient dose recommendations, all of which is shared via their completely secure online customer dashboard. Then they create customized daily vitamin packs and ship a 90-day supply right to your door. Rootine’s vitamin packs contain 18 nutrients that research has conclusively proven to be beneficial to humans. These include vitamin B12, vitamin B6, vitamin C, vitamin D, folate, magnesium, zinc, calcium, iron, and many more. Click here to learn more about all of the nutrients in Rootine’s vitamin packs. Your body is one-of-a-kind. That’s why you don’t use other people’s shoes, glasses, or prescription medications. So why are you still taking one-size-fits-all multivitamins? Sign up for Rootine, take their DNA test, and get multivitamins created specifically for you. You won’t regret it. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's no secret that alcohol consumption has many negative side effects. And if you're like a lot of people, at one point or another, you've probably considered going alcohol free. But when you chose to quit drinking, do you also have to give up everything you like about alcohol consumption? Does it mean you're stuck drinking tap water and Pepsi for the rest of your life? Does it mean an end to grabbing drinks with friends and co-workers? Does making the switch to non alcoholic drinks mean you have to leave the complex flavors of finely-crafted beers, wines, and spirits behind? Luckily, thanks to an online marketplace called Better Rhodes, the answer to all those questions is a firm no. Better Rhodes is a one-stop shop for non alcoholic drinks. Everything you see at the Better Rhodes online store has been specially curated for people who want the positives of traditional alcoholic drinks, but without the negatives. No matter what your holiday season will look like this year, Better Rhodes has you covered. Here are just a few of the most promising selections from the current Better Rhodes lineup: For the truly devoted beer lover who wants to continue enjoying the flavor of their favorite stouts, Better Rhodes has compiled six of the very best alcohol free stouts in a surprise selection. You might not know what specific AF stouts you'll get with this mystery box collection. But you can rest assured they’ll be six of the very best. Like all of Better Rhodes’s products, this assortment is stocked with hand-selected products. It includes six alcohol free craft beers for your drinking pleasure. Naturally, this collection also makes a good introduction to the world of AF beer for anyone who’s curious about giving them a try. If you’re really serious about keeping stocked up on the latest and best in Better Rhodes’s selections of non alcoholic drinks, a monthly subscription is the way to go. One of the best is the Better Rhodes Insider Subscription, which gives you a selection of premium non alcoholic drinks delivered directly to your door each month. Each delivery will be specially curated for a balance of tried and true favorites and the newest in the field. It’ll cost you just $39.99 per month, instead of the $65 you'd have to spend buying these products individually. That’s just a very small taste of what the Better Rhodes online store has to offer. So head over to to their website now to see all the delicious, non alcoholic drinks they have to offer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Diemut Strebe, an artist who's worked at MIT since 2010, recently in an MIT residency program, has a lot to say about the United States' failure to contain or even meaningfully slow down the coronavirus pandemic. But she decided to let a single-celled organism called Physarum polycephalum, better known as slime mold, do the talking. In a new project titled "HYDRA," Strebe and scientist collaborators at the Santa Fe Institute and Australia's Macquarie University plopped blobs of slime mold onto a map of the USA — one on each of the first ten counties to hit 1,000 cases of COVID-19 per day. They allowed the slime mold to grow, extending its unsettling tendrils outward, in a biological mirror of how the coronavirus spread across the country. Futurism caught up with Strebe to talk about "HYDRA" — as well as her career of using cutting-edge scientific techniques to create poignant art. Our conversation, edited for length and clarity, is below. Futurism: Hi, thanks for taking the time to chat! But before we get into "HYDRA," I'd love to learn more about your background. I looked over a lot of your work, and I'm sure we could dive into each project for hours. But as a bigger-picture thought, you're an artist who had a residency at one of the world's premier scientific institutions — how did you find yourself in that role, and what's it like to create art with career scientists? Diemut Strebe: Actually, it's kind of an unusual story. I started out working with Noam Chomsky on a GMO beer I wanted to make. Along with a team of scientists, we encoded cornerstone iconic texts of human culture like "The Seven Deadly Sins," quotes from Kant, Wittgenstein, Noam Chomsky, and others into the DNA of engineered yeast cells. We developed a design algorithm that reads out a mutated text, encoded by mutations in the synthetic DNA. The yeast has changed the meaning of the text and rewrote the famous human quotes. The main idea of the artwork has been to explore the edges of the breakdown of meaning in human language and the translational features of very different types of languages and how they still communicate with each other. The artwork was presented as a six-pack of GMO beer. How did it taste? DS: Oh, the beer was terrible, you can't drink it. In many countries you're not even allowed to drink it. In Europe it would be banned. It would be kind of a disgusting taste, you shouldn't drink it, but it's of course about the artistic statement. So, I moved to the U.S. and met many other scientists. I worked on this unusual bioengineering project, regrowing Van Gogh’s left ear. It employs this striking technology that’s now in the spotlight, as mRNA technology, which is currently used for COVID vaccine production as well as CRISPR-Cas9 technology, not with a focus on health, but with a focus on human enhancements as a speculative approach on designing creativity. In addition to exploring various options of cutting edge biotechnology the project questions the stereotypic romantic idea of the artist as a genius, portraying the artist as being on the verge of creation and self -destruction. As if being sick, poor and insane is a kind of precondition to make true and authentic artwork. The banal step to regrow this ear, reflecting on that story, that is so iconic for Vincent van Gogh’s life, artistic career and his public perception, was meant to undermine the typical cliché, that is held even also in art theory. One could see it as a step of demystification. And then the next project I developed is something I’m particularly happy about. Over the course of a five-year project, I was able to create the art project The Redemption of Vanity. Because of and as part of this project the blackest black on earth has been developed at MIT. We freed the color black from its exclusiveness. It has been previously monopolized by a British artist’s license. We opened the MIT patent for the use of all artists. The art project inspired a scientific discovery. You saw things like that a while ago like in the Renaissance, but I don’t see too many nature papers coming from art. That project brought together the most extreme opposites in exposure to light. We used a $2 million diamond: diamond, which is the most reflective material on Earth, and carbon nanotubes (CNTs), which are the most absorptive materials on Earth, to make the diamond seem to disappear. Both diamonds and CNTs are made of the same element, carbon, and just the atomic lattice structure makes the drastic difference in their appearance. Next to establishing a contemporary reference to the Greek philosopher Heraclitus, who was obsessed with "unified opposites," the project focuses on the arbitrariness with which we assign value to objects and concepts. We are taking such a man-made system as serious and as forceful as if we would deal with the physical laws of nature. The devaluation of a $2 million diamond to just a black dot essentially can be been seen as a challenge to the art market. How do you go about actually approaching scientists to start a new project? Where do the ideas come from and how much do you depend on that scientist's expertise? DS: I always develop my art projects completely alone. The conceptual side is my dialogue with art and science. I always read papers and articles, hear lectures because I find science extremely imaginative. People see that feature much more related to the arts, but I honestly do believe that there’s enormous potential of creativity and sometimes really surreal concepts in science. Particularly in physics, to speak of quantum mechanics, and wave-particle duality, and superposition. It’s so counterintuitive to our everyday Newtonian world that it brings you to spaces of imagining you would not even be able to think of just by yourself. I think it’s extremely inspiring and I believe that art and science can do a lot with and for each other in various ways. The combination of art and science and the communication between both fields is able to reassure the arts own avant garde role in contemporary times, by affirming a particular aspect of art theory of Romanticsm, which created a different understanding of the arts than in previous times, in which art has been rule based in many respects. Science and technology shape our word substantially. In the last 200 years we moved away from the threats of nature to the direct impact of the technological world, which plays back into nature at some point. I’m very interested in catching this contemporary aspect of what truly casts and forms our world and how the future could evolve, and science allows us that like no other field. And that’s why I think the science-art interface is strikingly inspiring for the arts. I think art has the depth and the fantasy and the imagination to capture conceptually important aspect of the profoundness of science but can put it in new aesthetically languages and perspectives. Art sets the human central, puts perception central, while science is the attempt of a 3rd person objectifying description. Sensual perception as we experience it, is actually denied by science. For instance, science declines colors, smell, sound – which are the most profound aesthetic means - as having no ontological existence on their own right on any fundamental level. This goes even up to fundamental principles, such as space and time, or ‘spacetime’ as Einstein calls it, which is supposed to be not real on any fundamental level according to new physical concepts. But to us, it’s real. And on the arts: Science in this sense implicitly renders and outlines the ‘shining appearance’ of the arts as illusionary and essentially false. A perspective that matches art theory in very interesting ways. All this shapes my artistic perspective, and to my belief the arts can potentially mean a lot to science as well by bridging the gap to the public in a non- illustrative way. So let's talk about "HYDRA." Why slime mold? It certainly looks unsettling with its tendril-like networks, so I'd say it's a good fit, but was there any specific reason you chose slime mold over other organisms? On the "HYDRA" website, you go into some detail about how the organism can appear "smart" or capable of learning. Did that factor in? DS: Yeah, I think one reason was that the project allowed to catch portraying both, the actual situation in the U.S. with COVID and the lack of guiding measures for public protection against the virus by the parameters chosen for the experiment. In addition, I was interested in more general questions, being amazed by the smart talents of Physarum polycephalum in terms of navigation, decision-making, being even used for amorphous computing experiments, while having no nervous system, no neurons at all.  I am very intrigued by the different forms of intelligence in evolution and also about the question of how purpose comes into play in biology versus physical concepts which describe the world as randomly moving atoms. Going back to the maps: We could have introduced measures to interfere with the pathway, to block the slime mold expansion, using particular light waves or salt walls. We didn’t use those measures because reflecting on their absence defines in fact the analogy to the absence of measurements to COVID-19 on a federal level in the U.S. It is, so to speak, the silent horror of the installation.  That was a key idea: to catch both these aspects. You don’t express only the spread, but you also portray the fact that way too little was done, particularly in America, to fight the disease. Obviously, the administration could have done substantially more to control the spread quite more effectively.  My Australian colleagues Chris and Daniele have set up this experiment in a petri dish into which they added the slime mold and the food sources. In planning the experiment, we started out with a threshold of 1,000 cases, which was a relatively high threshold. The food source concentration was proportional to the infectious rate which has been proportional to the death rate, and Physarum polycephalum kind of spread out unabated. Experiments with slime mold are difficult to make — it was a terribly long-lasting, time-consuming experiment even for this very short video. Telling a little bit more about the background of this project: It was not only concerned with human intelligence and its limitations, but also how evolution stands in the context of different forms of life. Slime molds are single-celled organisms, but they form cooperatives. It’s very interesting to see such behavior, which you could describe as “intelligent” in human terms. Obviously, it’s just about chemical reactions of repulsion and attraction since, as I said, there are no neurons, there are no brains. But the slime mold’s behavior is very smart in its particular niche. You see similar intelligent concepts in a virus. In this art project, the slime mold mimics the exponential spread of an even smaller creature which is the behavior of a virus in a much larger biological system: us humans. Viruses are dead matter, a string of RNA, which is thought to be a precursor of the double-stranded DNA. To become alive, the RNA or DNA strings must get into a host — a bacteria, animal, or human — to attach to a cell, intrude it and then take over the protein system for its own replication. This "hack" will damage or destroy the host over time. Interestingly, current research and technology mimic the same "concept" of the virus by controlling the flow of information in a cell and a biological system to fight the disease and control the virus by vaccines using genome editing tools such as CRISPR-Cas9 as well as mRNA technology. It is amazing to see the unbelievably diverse and smart answers evolution produces. We like to see ourselves as the crown of evolution. We think of ourselves as being outstandingly intelligent. And, of course, we are. We are obviously superior in terms of general intelligence in comparison to the slime mold, but it still raises questions: Unicellular organisms were there before us and will also likely outlive us and we are the smartest for only a particular bit of time. We are not very well-equipped to cope with complex and abstract threats. While the purpose of our lives plays a huge and vital role in our self-concept and how we label our direct surroundings, the world, and the universe with us in it, our role in that very universe seems much less important than we used to think, at least in any cosmological terms. Another interesting topic is the interaction between physics and biology. We find purpose-oriented behavior in biology at any step, already in the most simple prokaryotic and eukaryotic microorganism and cell arrangements. Any such most simple creatures or units of life have a purpose to do specific jobs for its survival. You find such purpose and goal orientation also in your own body at the most basic cellular level in each different cell component and the jobs they have to do at any step from DNA, the different types of RNA operating in a cell, to the protein machinery, to name some examples. But again, how can we combine physics with biology? How does this random movement get into ordered structures, create life, and goal-specific behavior? Also: How can it withhold entropy for a certain period of time or is entropy overall increasing through life itself even most effectively as some scientists are stating? Well, that all depends on how you define intelligence or even intentional behavior. While the slime mold certainly gives off an air of intelligence, what we do know is that it loves to feast. I'm glad you mentioned those measures that you could have introduced. And as the experiment and video elapsed, you deliberately allowed it to spread in an uncontrolled manner, representing the U.S. coronavirus response. After months of so many people isolating in their homes, what would you have wanted to see in terms of a coronavirus response in order for you to install a salt barrier or something else to curb the slime mold's growth? DS: Of course, you can see it as a critical statement on the current administration and how this pandemic has been handled, undermining science over and over again. Putting things that are very well-researched into the new, very strange approach of just stating opinions rather than staying rooted in facts and evidence. This is a particularly worrying trend, maybe also a problem that many people are left behind. Because you cannot follow the developments of this time without the options created by education. Or if you’re not self-driven, reading books, informing yourself outside of the very limited setups of Facebook and Twitter which literally can be seen as formats of undermining human intelligence in that sense that they don’t allow for a longer attention span or any depth of content. People that are then detached from educational access and contemporary developments in technology, science with all its current applications, and society, get detached and some seem to find a certain pleasure in making ungrounded statements — displaying simply opinion instead of researched facts with the brute power of just big claims. And of course, Trump has been the epitome of this, the singular item of that approach that really undermines a tradition of 200 years grounded in the European Enlightenment, which emphasizes the important role of reason in human intellectual development. The scientific revolution freed mankind from religious dogma and man "dared to know." We developed a wealth of knowledge building onto each other for centuries, creating the most interesting applications on top of it.  Now such same technologies are being used in very unintelligent applications, authorizing people to make bold claims that are groundless and have devastating impacts on the state of our society. I think that's very worrying. Well, let's talk about how you represented the state we're in. How did you arrive at the decision to introduce a new mold in the first locations to hit 1,000 new COVID-19 cases per day? I watched the video before I learned that that was your approach, so I had personally wondered why the initial hotspot in the Pacific Northwest wasn't represented. DS: Exactly. We are working on a follow-up experiment where we have that threshold lower. These experiments are very difficult to set up, so we have chosen in the first approach a set up with a certain higher threshold for practical reasons. Nevertheless, I think the "HYDRA" video in its current state is really good at expressing the topic in a very convincing manner. Society is falling apart, yes, but many people certainly did their part this whole time too. DS: Democracy needs intelligent people at any level of society and access to education is key for this. Capitalism is driven here to a point where too many essential resources are not part of social solidarity but in particular ‘quality access’ is controlled by financial wealth as in the field of education and the health system too. You mentioned that you're working on a follow-up to "HYDRA." The video you shared corresponds to the COVID-19 outbreak in the U.S. between March and October 2020. How are you approaching the new video now that we find ourselves in a much worse situation than we were in October? DS: The threshold would be lower. And visually, I think it would not be so different except it has much more Physarum blobs interacting. I decided to come out with this one now because it compresses very much of what could be said on how the spread evolved with a high degree of actuality if you look at the current numbers of the spread and the death rates too. I'm planning the second video for an art show where I would work on a large screen presentation, in a big room, entirely dark. You can operate much differently with dramatic timing in such a setting. You can make the initial evolution much slower and speed up when the blobs "explode" as you have different tools to design dramatic features.  So the follow-up will be more of a realized artistic vision than a sequel. DS: For the current version of "HYDRA," I thought this is a very good standalone project to describe the core idea of the project. I think it's a striking scene, but on the artistic side, I would wish people to sit down for a bit more time and have an immersive experience of this slime mold growing all over. The sound, mimicking ultrasounds of moving microorganisms, will be much more powerful, immersive, and threatening. It’s a different issue if you watch something on a video on a small screen or presented as an overwhelming aesthetic experience. It certainly sounds more unsettling to watch. DS: Yes, this topic actually refers to an interesting concept, which is the importance of the original of the artwork. German philosopher Walter Benjamin stressed in his essay "The Work of Art in the Age of its Technological Reproducibility" the artwork's authority as grounded in the unique original art piece. This famous essay stems from the early 20th century, when he was fleeing the Nazis. Benjamin was worried that technical reproducibility would undermine the auratic nature and the authority of an art piece. He stressed in this sense the on-site, real encounter with art in a site-specific experience. I think you still can generate this, in his words, "auratic" expression, even if it's created with technological means. But any reproduction, used as a kind of reflection on the original, like a postcard or a video on the internet is very different from going into the personal "corporeal" or physical aesthetic encounter and different from going into a museum to reflect on an art piece as the true experience of the artwork itself. That is obviously also the difference between a video performance on a website and the ongoing experiment of "HYDRA" for an art show. It will for sure appear much more dramatic. Imagine it more like a theatre play building up to a dramatic climax. After the "HYDRA" follow-up, what's next for you? DS:  I have other projects still running at MIT. One on mathematics and the combination of sports and chaos theory. Another one, for example, on time and space and quantum entanglement. Time in particular I find such a fascinating topic. I always get inspired by reading papers about this subject, which is still one of the most mysterious concepts in physics. Exploring artistic and scientific challenges is like the salt of life for me. It is very inspiring to work on an artistic concept and further down the road meet with collaborators in the search for partners with whom I am able to really realize a project. That's everything I planned in advance to ask you about. Is there anything you want to add? DS: There is one thing that’s maybe not very typical about me as an artist. Many artists reproduce a certain pattern once they've found something that works for them artistically. Of course, it can be very interesting to work in series, but I personally try to avoid redundancy and always look for new topics and technologies. I love to surprise myself and I am very much fascinated by always having a completely new endeavor.  The only downside of art /science projects is that it is very very slow. "HYDRA" was a relatively fast project, but the ear project took almost ten years. It’s an insanely slow process. I am jealous of painters! But all the excitement and drive is based to develop something entirely new with inspirational artistic and even sometimes scientific discoveries. That’s the best in life in a professional sense.  When you're pursuing a new project that involves an entirely different branch of science, how hands-on do you get? Do you learn the lab skills? DS: I know in principle how to grow nanotubes. I would not say I would make the blackest one. This is why my work depends so much on being in the company of very, very good scientists. MIT has been the best institution for me and my artwork. While the artistic concept comes from me, producing the artwork itself is always a collaborative effort and it's very important with whom you are able to team up if you want to achieve a very strong result. In the end, that’s what the physical art piece is about. There are very wonderful people here at MIT. And they’re truly open-minded, extremely smart, of course, and very accessible for crazy art projects even if you don’t have a big budget or even no budget. Something always evolves! It is maybe typical for scientists and artists to be very persistent. I think persistence is a very important feature if you want to produce and develop a project that has a certain depth and powerful standing even over the often mandatory long time span. This always involves also a certain risk, since you could end up with nothing for years of work. You can win, you can lose. Overall, I was very lucky, last not least through finding the right partners for such complex and unusual projects. It has been also important not to put financial restrictions on any artistic idea and concept. Many artists in Europe, for example, cannot develop certain art-science projects so easily because a budget is needed to even begin with, and science is much further removed, from various reasons, from the scientists' interest to communicate with the public. But here in America, you can just do anything with a cool and really good idea. You can always find people who truly go for great ideas almost like to "the end of the world!" And that’s why I’m still here and do not regret that I left paradise in Italy. Editor’s note 12/12/2020: This story has been updated with additional details and clarity from Strebe. Editor’s note 12/14/2020: This story has been updated with additional details and clarity from Strebe. Editor’s note 12/28/2020: This story has been updated with additional details and clarity from Strebe. A note to our readers: It's one thing to publish news about the stuff everybody else is writing about. But stories like this one — in-depth interviews with luminaries in their fields — take time, effort and money. To help us keep the lights on, consider supporting Futurism for just $5.99 per month — less than the cost of a McRib meal! Share This Article 
In less than two months, NASA is planning to land its next rover on the surface of Mars. If all goes well, Perseverance will take off on its adventure in mid-February, carrying out a number of scientific experiments along the way — including the launch of a tiny helicopter. In a new Medium post, NASA engineer Evan Hilgemann explains what it's actually like to drive a Mars rover. Last year, Hilgemann was selected to join the team of engineers responsible for driving the six-wheeled Curiosity rover across the desert-like landscapes of the Red Planet. Since signals take 22 minutes to travel from Earth to Mars, the rover will have to take care of numerous navigational tasks by itself. However, "most of what rovers do is actually heavily scripted and planned ahead on Earth," Hilgemann writes. Perseverance is kitted out with a number of 3D-capable cameras, allowing it to see its near and distant surroundings. These "navcams" allow teams back on Earth to virtually recreate the terrain the rover is covering. Hilgemann and his team are responsible for making sure the rover isn't in any danger. For instance, "the suspension system of the rover can only handle rocks and ledges up to a couple of feet high so anything larger must be avoided," the engineer writes. The rover also has to avoid small rocks and loose sand to make sure it doesn't get stuck or wear out its wheels too much. The team has several different ways to actually drive the rover. It can send the rover a list of instructions, a process known as "blind driving," or it can use "visual odometry," where the rover stops about every meter to send a picture back of what it sees. A computer then can tell it if it's safe to proceed. The rover's most advanced navigation mode is "autonav." As its name suggests, the mode turns Perseverance essentially into a self-driving car. "Because autonav has to stop frequently to take multiple images and crunch data, it is also the slowest driving mode," Hilgemann writes. "Curiosity only covers about 100 feet in an hour in autonav mode." Once it lands on the Red Planet in February, Perseverance should get on the road fairly quickly. That is, if everything goes according to plan and NASA's lander survives the infamous "seven minutes of hell" as it descends through the planet's thin atmosphere. Thanks to "a few key upgrades when it comes to navigation," Perseverance will be able to "drive at least twice as fast as Curiosity thanks to new dedicated computing resources and better algorithms," Hilgemann writes. One of the rover's most ambitious goals is to collect samples and prepare them to be picked up later by a probe and carried back home to Earth. READ MORE: How to drive a Mars rover [Medium] More on Perseverance: NASA Just Powered Up Its Mars Helicopter Share This Article 
Harvard astrophysics faculty member Avi Loeb is calling on the scientific community to search not just for mysterious radio signals emanating from the vast reaches of the observable universe — but for alien probes sent to us as "messages in a bottle" as well. In a new essay for Scientific American, Loeb argues that the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, or SETI, should not only focus on developing radio and laser communications to scan the night sky for alien signals, but also launch physical space probes to "search for technological civilizations across interstellar distances" — and even actively search for ones that might come drifting through our own system. The famed astrophysicist has never shied away from theorizing about alien life. In one recent study, Loeb proffered the theory that life could be hiding "deep underneath the surface of rocky objects like the Moon or Mars." In February, he told Futurism that there's a chance that "fast radio bursts" could be of "artificial origin." In today's essay, Loeb builds from the fact that we've found that at least half of all Sun-like stars host exoplanets in their habitable zone, the region around a star in which it's possible to support liquid water and therefore harbor life. "The famous Drake equation quantifies (with large uncertainties) the likelihood of receiving a radio signal from another civilization in our Milky Way galaxy," he wrote. "But it does not apply to physical probes that might arrive at our doorstep. The distinction resembles the difference between a cell phone conversation at the speed of light and the exchange of letters through surface mail." The essay was published days after The Guardian reported that Breakthrough Listen, a project dedicated to hunt for signals from extraterrestrial life, had discovered a mysterious radio beam that emanated from the vicinity of Proxima Centauri, the Sun’s closest stellar neighbor. Beyond radio signals, extraterrestrial alien races could be attempting to get in touch with us via physical probes as well, shot into the solar system at high speeds. Loeb argues that 'Oumuamua, the first known interstellar object to have been observed passing through the solar system, may have been accelerated by the pressure of sunlight; "that is, if it is an artificially-made lightsail — a thin relic of the promising technology for space exploration that was proposed as early as 1924 by Friedrich Zander and is currently being developed by our civilization." To Loeb, this means that the interstellar object could be a "message in a bottle." Not everybody agrees with Loeb on his theory that the unusual rock could be a probe sent by an extraterrestrial race. Other scientists have long argued that 'Oumuamua may have come from outside of our solar system, but its "properties are consistent with a natural origin," as researcher Matthew Knight, an astronomer from the University of Maryland, told Reuters in July 2019, "and an alien explanation is unwarranted." Loeb argues that 'Oumuamua is just the beginning. "To learn more, we must continue to monitor the sky for similar objects." "Are there extraterrestrials smarter than us in the Milky Way?" Loeb concludes. "The only way to find out is by surveying the sky for the multitude of messengers that they might be using." READ MORE: Let's Search for Alien Probes, Not Just Alien Signals [Scientific American] More on Loeb: Harvard Study: We Shouldn’t Rule Out Underground Life on the Moon and Mars Share This Article 
Over the weekend, astronomers made a tantalizing discovery: a mysterious radio beam that emanated from the vicinity of Proxima Centauri, the Sun's closest stellar neighbor, as first reported by The Guardian. The discovery, made by Breakthrough Listen, a project dedicated to hunt for signals from extraterrestrial life affiliated with the late physicist Stephen Hawking, led to widespread speculation that an alien race may have reached out to us. A 982 megahertz signal dubbed BLC1 (Breakthrough Listen 1) came from the star, as spotted by the Parkes telescope in Australia in April and May 2019. Most tantalizingly, the relatively nearby star system contains a planet dubbed Proxima b, which is about 20 percent larger than Earth and located in the system's habitable zone, the area where it's theoretically possible for life to sustain itself. The news also met with a healthy dose of skepticism. In a statement released today, the SETI Institute commented on the controversial report. The main takeaway: Breakthrough Listen's discovery is a candidate, not a confirmed signal. "Because of its profile, it’s very unlikely that the signal was produced by a natural but unknown cosmic source, but who knows… Nature often surprises us," reads the statement, penned by SETI Institute senior planetary astronomer Franck Marchis. So you're saying there's a chance? Not exactly. "One simple explanation is that Parkes picked up a signal that originated on Earth," Marchis writes. "We use radio to communicate, and this could be terrestrial interference. And that’s probably the most likely explanation." And then there's the simple fact that Proxima Centauri's exoplanet Proxima b has yet to be confirmed, let alone imaged directly. "We know of its existence only through the motion on its star, so all we have is an estimate of its mass and its orbit, nothing else," the statement reads. "The idea of a technologically advanced civilization living around our nearest stellar neighbor is quite extraordinary," Marchis admitted. "But currently, we’re left with more questions than answers: Why was the signal detected only once over 30 hours in April and May?" We also don't know why observers didn't immediately alert the scientific community. The planetary astronomer also argues that it would be "highly improbable" that two civilizations would end up "using the same technology at the same time." "It’s probably not alien and we will confirm this soon," Marchis concludes. "Of course, as a SETI Institute scientist, nothing would please me more than to be proven wrong." READ MORE: Did Proxima Centauri Just Call to Say Hello? Not Really! [SETI Institute] More on the signal: A Very Strange Radio Signal Is Coming From the Closest Star Share This Article 
Scientists at a prominent SETI group say they've identified a signal coming from Proxima Centauri, the closest star to our Sun, that could possibly be from an alien civilization. The news first broke yesterday in a story by The Guardian. The signal was discovered by Breakthrough Listen, a project founded to listen for signs of extraterrestrial life affiliated with the late physicist Stephen Hawking. "It is the first serious candidate since the ‘Wow! signal’," a researcher familiar with the finding, who requested anonymity to discuss the work, told the newspaper. The "Wow! signal," recorded in 1977, is widely considered to be the most promising finding in the history of SETI — though, like the most recent finding, its implications have been hotly debated. According to the Guardian's sources, the signal was picked up by the Parkes telescope in Australia last year, where it appeared to be originating from the Proxima Centauri system. It caught the interest of researchers for several reasons. One is that it's around 980MHz, a band in which there shouldn't be any human spacecraft transmitting. Another is that its frequency is shifting in a way that scientists say indicates that it could be coming from the surface of an orbiting exoplanet — and Proxima Centauri is known to have an exoplanet in the "habitable zone." The researchers are now working on a paper about the finding, according to the Guardian. Still, the scientific community remains skeptical. "The chances against this being an artificial signal from Proxima Centauri seem staggering,” University of Westminster astrobiologist Lewis Dartnell told the Guardian. "We’ve been looking for alien life for so long now and the idea that it could turn out to be on our front doorstep, in the very next star system, is piling improbabilities upon improbabilities." Dartnell also told the paper that Proxima Centauri's most habitable-looking planet doesn't seem, at first bluff, like a particularly strong candidate for life. "But I’d love to be proved wrong," he added. The Guardian's reporting was corroborated later the same day by Scientific American, which locked down better access to the researchers behind the project and reported that they are urging skepticism — but, strikingly, are leaving open the possibility that it could be an alien technosignature. "The most likely thing is that it’s some human cause," Pete Worden, the executive director of Breakthrough's parent organization. "And when I say most likely, it’s like 99.9 [percent]." Insiders familiar with the finding also clarified to Scientific American that the signal does not appear to contain any information. In other words, it's basically just a tone — and likely coming from a spacecraft launched from Earth. "If you see such a signal and it’s not coming from the surface of Earth, you know you have detected extraterrestrial technology," Jason Wright, a SETI researcher at Penn State University in Pennsylvania, told Scientific American. "Unfortunately, humans have launched a lot of extraterrestrial technology." Wright also had an intriguing exchange with the Scientific American writer later on in the story, when he was asked about the truism "it's never aliens." "I hate that phrase, because if you say that then why even look," he told the magazine. "What we mean by that is that it’s never been aliens before." That's the spirit of possibility, of course, that motivates all SETI projects. To wit, the Guardian pointed out that when Breakthrough Listen kicked off, back in 2015, the famed physicist Stephen Hawking made remarks to the same effect. "Mankind has a deep need to explore, to learn, to know," he said, according to the paper. "We also happen to be sociable creatures. It is important for us to know if we are alone in the dark." READ MORE: Scientists looking for aliens investigate radio beam 'from nearby star' [The Guardian] More on SETI: SETI Institute Scientist Says We’ll Find Aliens by 2036 Share This Article 
A team of researchers claim to have achieved sustained, long-distance quantum teleportation for the first time. The research could lay the groundwork for "a viable quantum internet — a network in which information stored in qubits is shared over long distances through entanglement" that could "transform the fields of data storage, precision sensing and computing," according to a Fermilab statement. The team — a collaboration between the U.S. Department of Energy's Fermilab, the University of Calgary, and other partners —managed to teleport qubits of photons over 44 kilometers of fiber. The process doesn't actually involve teleportation in the traditional sense. Quantum teleportation is the transfer of quantum states from one location to another. Through quantum entanglement, two particles in separate locations are connected by an invisible force, famously referred to as "spooky action at a distance" by Albert Einstein. Regardless of the distance, the encoded information shared by the "entangled" pair of particles can be passed between them. By sharing these quantum qubits, the basic units of quantum computing, researchers are hoping to create networks of quantum computers that can share information at blazing-fast speeds. "This is an advancement towards a more readily available scaling up of such systems in different locations, to build a bigger system," Christoph Simon, professor of physics at the University of Calgary and co-author of the accompanying study published in the Physical Review journal earlier this month, said in the university's statement about the research. But keeping this information flow stable over long distances has proven extremely difficult. The previous world record was held by researchers at the University of Calgary, covering a distance of just six kilometers, as VICE reports. Researchers are now hoping to scale up such a system, using both entanglement to send information and quantum memory to store it as well. In July, the US Department of Energy unveiled a blueprint for the first quantum internet, connecting several of its National Laboratories across the country. READ MORE: Researchers Have Achieved Sustained Long-Distance Quantum Teleportation [VICE] More on quantum entanglement: China Claims Quantum Supremacy Share This Article 
A few months ago, a company called Capella Space launched a satellite capable of taking clear radar images of anywhere in the world, with incredible resolution. It can even see inside some buildings, including spotting airplanes inside hangars — though only in the case of lightweight structures, the company clarified, and not dense ones like high rises or residential homes. And unlike most of the huge array of surveillance and observational satellites orbiting the Earth, its satellite Capella 2 can snap a clear picture during night or day, rain or shine. "It turns out that half of the world is in nighttime, and half of the world, on average, is cloudy," CEO Payam Banazadeh, a former system engineer at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, told Futurism. "When you combine those two together, about 75 percent of Earth, at any given time, is going to be cloudy, nighttime, or it's going to be both. It's invisible to you, and that portion is moving around." On Wednesday, Capella launched a platform allowing governmental or private customers to request images of anything in the world — a capability that will only get more powerful with the deployment of six additional satellites next year. Is that creepy from a privacy point of view? Sure. But Banazadeh says that it also plugs numerous holes in the ways scientists and government agencies are currently able to monitor the planet. "There's a bunch of gaps in how we're currently observing Earth from space — the majority of the sensors we use to observe earth are optical imaging sensors," he said. "If it's cloudy, you're going to see the clouds, not what's happening under the clouds. And if there's not much light, you're going to have a really hard time getting an image that is useful." By contrast, Capella can peer right through cloud cover, and see just as well in the daylight as in total darkness. That's because instead of optical imaging, it uses synthetic aperture radar, or SAR. SAR works similarly to how dolphins and bats navigate using echolocation. The satellite beams down a powerful 9.65 GHz radio signal toward its target, and then collects and interprets the signal as it bounces back up into orbit. "At that frequency, the clouds are pretty much transparent," Banazadeh told Futurism. "You can penetrate clouds, fog, moisture, smoke, haze. Those things don't matter anymore. And because you're generating your own signal, it's as if you're carrying a flashlight. You don't care if it's day or night." Capella didn't invent SAR. But Banazadeh says it's the first U.S. company to offer the technology, and the first worldwide to offer a more accessible platform for potential customers to use. "Part of the challenge in this industry is that working with satellite imagery providers has been difficult," he explained. "You might have to send a bunch of emails to find out how they could collect images for you. In some instances, you might have to send a fax." Another innovation, he says, is the resolution at which Capella's satellites can collect imagery. Each pixel in one of the satellite's images represents a 50-centimeter-by-50-centimeter square, while other SAR satellites on the market can only get down to around five meters. When it comes to actually discerning what you're looking at from space, that makes a huge difference. Cityscapes are particularly intriguing. Skyscrapers poke out of the Earth like ghostly, angular mushrooms — and, if you look carefully, you notice that you can see straight through some of them, though the company clarified that this is a visual distortion rather than truly seeing through the structures. Right now, that's as good a resolution as is possible with SAR. Not because of technological limitations — Capella hopes to improve with subsequent satellite launches down the road — but because of U.S. law, export controls, and licensing requirements. As long as the company don't improve the resolution a hair beyond what it's at now, Banazadeh said its satellites can image any part of the world that a paying customer asks for. Those customers, he explained, could be government agencies monitoring a hostile military for movement or tracking an airport for activity. That's where that wall-penetrating vision comes into play. Banazadeh gave the example of an airport where planes hidden under a canopy became clear as day thanks to SAR satellites. The customers may also be scientists peering through the thick clouds of the Amazon rainforest to track deforestation, or even investors checking up on global supply chains. Possibilities abound. Train two SAR satellites on the same target and they can actually image targets in three dimensions down to minute differences in height. Banazadeh said one group is already using that trick to measure how much oil is being stored in open-top oil tanks or how much is being extracted from an open-pit mine on a given day — and using that information as a proxy for the value of various commodities. That can also help authorities monitor infrastructure for possible safety issues: SAR can track how much the ground above a tunnel sinks over time, for example. "We're making it very easy for people with all sorts of backgrounds to interact with a company like us, and that inevitably is going to bring a more users that previously couldn’t access this market," Banazadeh said. "That's our hope." Editor's note 12/19/20: The original version of this story overgeneralized the Capella satellite's capabilities to image the interiors of buildings. While it can indeed see inside some structures, including spotting the shapes of airplanes inside hangars, the company clarified that is not able to see details inside dense structures such high rises or residential homes. The story and headline have been updated throughout. Do you support our journalism? Times are tough in the industry, but if you want to help us produce more great stories like this one, you can subscribe to Futurism for just $5.99 per month.  More on satellites: SpaceX Is Launching a Fleet of Pirate-Hunting Satellites Share This Article 
Astronomers have spotted a distant galaxy cluster without the expected supermassive black hole at its center — despite the fact that its mass should be somewhere between three and 100 billion times that of the Sun. The black hole was theorized to be in the galaxy cluster Abell 2261, about 2.7 billion light years from Earth, according to observations made between 1999 and 2004, according to a NASA statement. More recently, astronomers from West Virginia University used NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory and Hubble Space Telescope to scope out the area — and couldn't find the black hole. Almost every large galaxy in the known universe contains a supermassive black hole. The more massive the galaxy, the more enormous the black hole. In fact, this particular black hole was predicted to be one of the largest on record. To put the idea of something a hundred billion times the mass of the Sun into perspective, the Milky Way's central supermassive black hole is estimated to be only four million times the mass of the Sun. But it's missing. To explain that, scientists have put forward several explanations. The first is that the black hole could have been ejected from its host galaxy as a result of two galaxies merging to create one even more massive galaxy, otherwise known as a "recoiling black hole." Alternatively, the two galaxies' respective black holes could have merged into one even bigger supermassive black hole, creating a gigantic core at the center of the resulting mega-galaxy. While this phenomenon has yet to be directly observed involving black holes at such a scale, astronomers have observed mergers involving substantially smaller black holes. In a paper set to be published in the journal American Astronomical Society, a team led by Sarah Burke-Spolaor from West Virginia University put forward two further possible explanations: either there simply isn't a black hole there, or there is indeed a black hole that just isn't active enough to produce any noticeable amounts of X-rays to show up in Chandra observations. The scientists are hoping to use NASA's upcoming James Webb Space Telescope to have a closer look. READ MORE: On the Hunt for a Missing Giant Black Hole [NASA] More on supermassive black holes: Nobel Prize Winner on Falling Into a Black Hole: “I Would Not Want To” Share This Article 
Despite the nonsensical claims of many anti aging products, there’s nothing we can do to “stop” or “reverse” or “defy” the aging process. We’re all going to get old, so obsessing over the superficial signs of aging is just a waste of time and money. What we should be doing is trying to find a way to age better. And thanks to the team of scientists and Nobel Prize winners at Elysium Health, now we can. Elysium Health is not like other health and wellness companies. Founded by Dr. Leo Guarente, director of the Glenn Center for Biology of Aging Research at MIT, and with a scientific advisory board that includes not eight Nobel Laureates, the goal at Elysium Health is to create products that can actually improve people’s lives in tangible ways. In recent years, these scientists have made two very significant discoveries about how we age at the cellular level. Now Elysium Health has used these discoveries to create Basis and Index, two incredibly advanced anti aging products specifically designed to support the healthy cellular aging process. The first major discovery about the cellular aging process concerns the role played by a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+. This molecule performs two basic jobs in the human body. First, NAD+ plays a key role in metabolism by helping to turn nutrients into cellular energy. Second, it functions as a helper molecule for special proteins called sirtuins. Sometimes called the “guardians of the genome,” sirtuins play a vital role in general health, but they can only do their job with the help of NAD+. Scientists have discovered that natural levels of NAD+ decline as we get older, which is the primary cause of cellular aging. However, the good news is that scientists have also discovered that NAD+ levels can be increased through supplementation of nicotinamide riboside (a highly efficient precursor to NAD+) and pterostilbene (a powerful polyphenol created by plants). To address the problem of declining NAD+ levels, Elysium’s world-class scientists developed Basis, a patent-pending formulation of crystalline nicotinamide riboside, which the human body converts into NAD+, and pterostilbene. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, Basis was shown to increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent, safely and sustainably. These elevated NAD+ levels help support cellular energy and metabolism, maintain healthy DNA, activate sirtuins, and support healthy cellular aging. Each bottle of Basis has 60 capsules. Elysium Health recommends two capsules every morning, with or without food. So each bottle contains a one-month supply. The second major discovery about how we age at the cellular level concerns the field of epigenetics. This is the study of changes in organisms caused by the modification of gene expression. As we age, chemical compounds get attached to our genes and affect how the genes get expressed. When epigenetic compounds attach to DNA, they are said to have "marked" the genome. These marks do not change the sequence of the DNA, but they do change the way cells read the DNA's instructions. To help people better understand how fast they are aging on a cellular level, scientists at Elysium Health developed the Index biological age test. This test uses a revolutionary epigenetic biomarker analysis that looks at specific sites along the genome to see what proportion of cells have been marked by a processed called DNA methylation. When you order the Index biological age test, Elysium sends you an easy-to-use saliva collection kit. Once you send your sample back, Elysium extracts your DNA, loads it onto a specially designed DNA sequencing chip, and analyzes it using next-generation technology called Algorithmic Platform for Epigenetic Examination, or APEX. This sophisticated system scans your epigenome for DNA methylation biomarkers, which it then uses to calculate your biological age. Once the analysis process is complete, Elysium sends you a complete report, which includes specific health, diet, and lifestyle recommendations designed to help you age better. There may be nothing we can do to stop the aging process. But thanks to Elysium’s Basis NAD+ anti aging supplement and Index biological age test, we can maintain healthy DNA, promote cellular energy and metabolism, and support healthy aging on a cellular level. If you’re ready to be proactive and take control of your cellular health, click here to read more about what Elysium’s products can do for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Auto insurance is an unfortunate reality of owning a car. That means finding the best deal, and staying in control of your auto policy, is a reality for most of us. Fortunately, it's not all bad news as it once was with traditional insurers. New-school insurers like Clearcover, currently available in nine states, put technology first to make the insurance process entirely digital, helping put drivers in control of their policies. It's easy to forget that buying car insurance is shopping for a product, just like anything else we buy. And, just like we'd do with anything else we buy, insurtech is making it easier to compare prices and switch out policies when a better deal comes along. While drivers can switch out their insurance for a new policy at any time, the paperwork and shopping process to this point has made it onerous. Many drivers wait until their auto policy is almost up to either renew or find something better. Insurtech has turned the process into much more of a typical online shopping experience. Finding and comparing quotes, and getting a better price, is a simple process involving just a few questionnaires. Speaking to customer service involves tapping a button, not finding a business card, or frantically Googling an agent's name and hoping they're in the office. Customizing a policy is about answering a few questions, not sorting through endless websites. Many drivers can open the app and close it a few minutes later, fully covered and ready to hit the road. More and more, we're managing our bank accounts and handling our credit cards through apps. So why should car insurance be any different? Turning auto insurance into a fully digital process is making it easier for everyone. For example, Clearcover's app is built to make paying bills, checking and updating payment information, and tracking payment history and upcoming payment schedules as simple as popping open the app and taking a look. It makes both paying your insurance and personal finance much easier. If you delve into the glovebox of anybody's car, you're going to find a lot of paperwork—the user manual, the registration, and, of course, proof of insurance. Similarly, if you needed to make a claim, until recently, there was a lot of paperwork to manage. Even getting roadside assistance involved keeping a card handy. Insurtech has taken the paperwork out of both daily driving and filing claims. For example, with the Clearcover mobile app, your proof of insurance is always available, even if you're in airplane mode or miles from the nearest tower. If you have to file a claim, you won't have to talk to a single person to get it taken care of. You can use the tools onboard your phone to capture the necessary information to file a claim and get it to an agent quickly. Insurtech has even made it easier to use policy features like scheduling a glass repair for your car or calling for roadside assistance for the days when you have a flat tire or your car battery is dead. How we navigate our finances is changing rapidly, and auto insurance is changing with it. Don't wait to make a switch to a new-school provider like Clearcover when your life could be easier starting today. Share This Article 
A strip club in Oregon called Lucky Devil Lounge has created a "drive-thru" strip club experience to keep its business going during the pandemic, Oregon Live reports. Customers slowly drive through a tent that contains four dancers and a DJ. The first 50 cars get a free roll of toilet paper. "You pull in and you get one or two songs with the gogos, then we bring your food out to you and then you go on your way," explained Lucky Devil Lounge owner Shon Boulden in a video report uploaded by The Oregonian. "We're continuing to keep our kitchen guys working, all of our bartenders, all of our dancers," he added. The venture's food delivery service was formerly named "Boober Eats," until Uber sent them a cease-and-desist letter, according to Oregon Live. The business appears to be taking precautions to ensure the dancers' safety. Reuters images uploaded to Twitter (NSFW) show masked and gloved strippers pole-dancing while customers remain seated inside their vehicles. The photos "confirm that we have reached the neon anime sci fi part of our future dystopia," Sean Craig, reporter for The Capital in Victoria, Canada, wrote in the tweet. Even the official Twitter account of the upcoming video game blockbuster "Cyberpunk 2077" chimed in, writing "please release more footage" in a Twitter reply. The game, slated for release in September, takes place in a dystopian "Blade Runner"-inspired world. "Every small business is feeling this pain, the same hurt, and we’re just another small business," Boulden told Oregon Live. "We’ve just been able to create this niche and it worked." A strip club in Las Vegas attempted to open its own drive-thru experience last month, according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal. The venture, however, met a wall when Nevada mandated all nonessential businesses to close in mid-March. Other businesses in the industry have chosen to go the virtual route. A New York City strip club decided to launch virtual reality lap dances, according to the New York Post. "People need human connection and need to be entertained," founder Kalin Moon told The New York Post. "VR is a great way to accomplish this from the safety of your own home.” READ MORE: Drive-thru strip shows? ‘Food 2 Go-Go?’ Nude clubs try to survive coronavirus lockdown [Miami Herald] More on the pandemic: NEW RESEARCH: ENDING LOCKDOWN WOULD HURT THE ECONOMY EVEN MORE Share This Article 
With the coming of winter comes a lot more time indoors. Fortunately, the Entertainment and Streaming Mini Bundle is here with over $600 worth of ways to make your winter fun and productive. Here's what you get to make for a better winter. Just because your friends can't be on your couch doesn't mean you can't game with them. A year of PlayStation Plus means you can hop on multiplayer servers and work together, or compete, whenever you want to hang. It also means free games each month to add to your library. The best way to learn a language is through immersion, spending time among speakers using the language naturally. Memrise has thousands of clips of native speakers in more than twenty languages for you to begin picking up how the world talks. Want to protect your privacy, access all your streaming services and podcasts on the road, or keep your small business or side hustle secure? A virtual private network reduces the data that can be collected from your online activities and protects your privacy with a simple login, and VPN Unlimited is offering a lifetime subscription in this bundle. There are only so many historical dramas you can watch before you start wondering how accurate they really are. History Hit puts thousands of hours of history documentaries, lectures, and other materials right at your fingertips so you can learn more, and possibly spot a few inaccuracies when you fire that show about the royals back up. Streaming has freed TV from its boundaries. Where before you'd have to hope PBS picked up a TV show from overseas, or gamble that a streaming service might be interested, Topic gathers both fiction and non-fiction from around the world, plus originals, to find your next binge-watch. There's nothing quite like getting together with friends to watch a movie, whether it's a beloved classic everyone holds close to their heart or a terrible movie we love—and love to make fun of. Kast is built for watch parties, making it easy to set them up and watch with friends from afar. It also comes with plenty of movies built-in, so if you can't decide what to watch, you've got a backup. One of the biggest challenges as we move to digital storage is being able to access all our memories in all the file formats we've recorded them in. Fortunately, Elmedia Player Pro makes it easy by being able to not only smoothly and easily play back a huge variety of file formats but also to cast them to your device with no codecs to mess with, no files to convert—just what you want to watch, where you want to watch it. If you've got a Mac, you know well the struggle of mirroring your device on larger screens, whether you want to watch some Apple TV or just want a bigger canvas for your work. Juststream Pro will put your Mac's screen anywhere you want it with ease. Winters are always tough, and this winter promises to be particularly so. This collection will make it just a little easier to get through the coldest days. Get the Entertainment & Streaming Mini Bundle Ft. PlayStation Plus for $129.99 (reg. $608), a savings of 78%. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Even The New York Times is now reporting that long-awaited videogame Cyberpunk 2077 is plagued by bugs and crashes. In fact, the game's developers officially apologized today and have offered to refund frustrated gamers. Things got even stranger when Tesla CEO and cyberpunk genre enthusiast Elon Musk offered up his own two cents on the matter. It's not uncharacteristic of the billionaire to wade into meaningless internet discourse, memes ablaze. Besides, if a CNET story is to be believed, the entrepreneur may have his own cameo in the game as well. In reply to an official statement posted by the game's official Twitter account, Musk posted a screenshot of a Reddit thread in which a downcast anonymous player dealt with their existential dread — a summary, albeit extreme, of the disappointment felt by many. "I took a week off work to play this game and I quickly realized it's not the game I've been thinking about every day for eight years," the post in the screenshot read. "I cried myself to sleep and haven't been able to function. I end up crying whenever I think about the game and I don't even want to touch my PS4." Musk also posted a crude meme of Michael Scott, lead character of the hit TV series "The Office" played by Steve Carrell, crudely and suggestively sticking his index finger through the crotch of his pants with the title of the game layered on top of it. It may seem apropos of nothing, but the meme is likely a reference to a astonishing glitch that caused "rogue penises" to stick out of characters' clothes, as Engadget put it. Musk, never known for his maturity online, also posted several more memes on the topic of genitals during his tweet spree. Musk did however admit that he had a chance to play the game "briefly" in a separate tweet. In that post, he sounded more enthusiastic — raising the possibility that he had been poking fun at the game in the Reddit screenshot. "Seems pretty good," read his curt review. "I picked Nomad, so start was a little slow, but picks up fast." More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk Explains Why Starship Launch Ended in Huge Explosion Share This Article 
With billions of people on the internet, we can only offer estimates of how much data we generate, but it's clear that it's vast: 2.5 million TB, by some estimations. And how much of it is lost when we upgrade our devices is an open question as well, but we upgrade relentlessly; smartphones alone move 1.56 billion units every year, with untold photos, texts, emails, and more slipping away with them. Fortunately, it doesn't have to be that way. A lifetime subscription to Degoo's Premium Mega Backup Plan is 96% off for a limited time, starting at just $150 for all the space you'll ever need. Here's how it works, and why you need a backup tool. To start with, Degoo offers lots of space. Plans start at 15TB, or 15,000GB, but can go all the way up to 50TB depending on your needs. By contrast, Google Drive offers 15GB, and if you subscribe, tops out at 100GB. Dropbox offers a max of 2TB for personal use, and OneDrive only offers 1TB. While these services can be useful for "quick-and-dirty" backups, for long-term archiving, you need the space Degoo offers. Transfers are also done at high-speed, ensuring your data is quickly and correctly archived. As you've probably learned by now, backing up all your stuff can become complicated quickly. Not all platforms play nice with one another or cross-communicate. What's an effective backup for your laptop may not work, or have too little room, for your phone. Degoo works across devices and platforms to ensure everything's covered. It also comes with automatic file change detection, so as you update that work presentation or download some new music, you'll know that it's backed up without having to check or add files to a client and wait for them to upload after finishing with your work for the day. And backups are replicated as they're performed, offering more redundancy to protect your data. Data breaches are increasingly commonplace. Even if you've got all your accounts buttoned up, your privacy can be abridged in sometimes surprising ways, such as your private social media posts being used as training materials. Degoo has moved to ensure your backups are secure. The backups themselves are protected with 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) encryption, currently one of the toughest standards in the world. And when you choose to share your files, end-to-end encryption is used, so only you and those you share with can view the file. That said, there's no point in backing up your files if you can't share them easily and securely. Degoo has sharing tools built in that make it easy to get your memories to everyone who wants to look at them. It works on web browsers, iOS 10 and later, and Android 4.1 and later, so even if your grandparents have been hanging onto the same phone for coming up on a decade, they can still easily open and view links. File sharing is kept simple, so you never have to explain how something works, and they can be used on any common platform. As we add new file formats, like 4K video and slow-motion video, and snap ever more pictures at ever-higher resolutions, backing up and securely sharing our memories will become more and more important. Degoo is built to "future-proof" your backups so you'll always have them at your fingertips. And with a lifetime subscription discounted by 96%, at a price of $149.99 for 15TB, you can snap and record with confidence. Share This Article 
Want to do something good for the planet that also adds value to your home? If so, you need to think about making the switch to solar power. The cost of installing solar energy systems has never been lower, and the potential return on your investment has never been higher. And while the process of making the switch the switch to solar can be pretty complicated, thanks to the solar experts at Understand Solar, you don’t have to go through it alone. Understand Solar is a third party solar advocate. They don’t sell solar panels, and they don’t install them. What they do is provide free personalized solar energy assessments, educate consumers, and put them in touch with local installers. To get your free personalized solar assessment, all you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. After that, an Understand Solar expert will contact you via phone and go over your assessment and any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. Your assessment may reveal that, for one reason or another, solar energy just isn’t right for you. Maybe your house doesn’t get enough direct sunlight. Maybe the regulations and energy rates in your area make it unprofitable. Then again, you may learn that solar panels would make an outstanding investment. The average cost of installing solar energy systems has dropped a whopping 70 percent over the last decade. And obviously, as the startup costs have gone down, solar power has become much better long-term investment. Of course, the first thing most people think about when they consider solar is reducing their electricity bill. And it’s true that in some cases you can nearly eliminate your dependence on traditional energy. However, those savings are often offset by the cost of installing the system, especially when you do long-term financing. And that’s not a bad thing. You’re still reducing your carbon footprint. But where you really stand to make money from an investment in solar energy is over the long term. Over the last few years we have started to get a much clearer picture of the value solar energy systems can add to a home. Though it all depends on where you live and how much sunlight your property gets, generally speaking, homes with solar sell faster and for higher prices than homes without. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1 percent to the value of the average home. Another study found that buyers are typically willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another concluded that you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar energy installed. Again, these are all averages, and the exact figures in your area will vary. But in general, when you factor in projected increases in electricity rates over 10-to-20 years, and all the money you’ll save on traditional energy, plus the value solar can add to your home, solar panels can be a very good long-term investment. It’s even possible that an investment in solar energy could outperform traditional investment portfolios over the course of 15-to-20 years. If all that sounds complicated, that’s because it is. That’s why, if you’re thinking about going solar, you need to start by contacting Understand Solar for your free personalized assessment. You’ve got absolutely nothing to lose, but potentially a lot to gain. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Whether you're the CEO of a Fortune 500 company or a public school teacher, diversification the key to building a solid long term investment portfolio. That said, for a long time there were two different sets of rules governing what sorts of assets you could invest in: the set of rules that regular people had to play by, and the set of rules that the ultra rich had to play by. But now things are starting to change. Today, cutting edge online real estate investing platforms like DiversyFund are helping regular everyday people diversify with alternative assets that were previously only available to billionaires. And it is changing the way people plan their financial future. Traditionally, financial advisors built investment portfolios for regular everyday people with a 70-30 ratio of stocks to bonds. Why? Because regular everyday investors were only allowed to invest in stocks and bonds, and a 70-30 mix was the best financial advisors could do with those limitations in place. Things were different for Institutional investors and high-net worth individuals. For over three decades they have been diversifying their investments by allocating up to 30 percent to alternative assets like private market real estate. Why? Because private market real estate exhibits less volatility than the stock market. And because it offers consistently higher returns. And because they could. Why were there two different sets of rules? In the past it was difficult or impossible to break huge real estate investments up into smaller pieces that regular investors could actually afford. Since SEC regulations were based on these limitations, only the rich had access to the most lucrative investment opportunities. However, today those old limitations no longer exist. Thanks to new financial technologies like crowdfunding and artificial intelligence analytics, now we can break up billion dollar investments into smaller pieces. And the SEC has updated their rules accordingly. That brings us to DiversyFund. DiversyFund was specifically created to democratize the investing landscape and give regular people the same financial opportunities as one percenters. To accomplish these goals, the company’s founders created a simple online investing platform that lets anybody invest in a portfolio of diversified real estate assets. Officially called Real Estate Investing Trusts, or REITs, DiversyFund’s real estate portfolios are managed by experts who follow a simple three-step strategy to make you money. First, DiversyFund acquires multifamily apartment buildings that already generate revenue, but are in need of some improvements. Second, DiversyFund renovates the buildings so that they generate increased revenues until market conditions are right for profitable liquidation. Third, when market conditions are right, DiversyFund sells its real estate assets, returns principles, and distributes the returns to investors. Thanks to this tried-and-true strategy, DiversyFund has a historical return rate of 17.5%. And because DiversyFund actually owns and operates the properties you invest in, which cuts out all the middlemen, there are no fees. That all sounds pretty good, doesn’t it? Despite the fact that the SEC has loosened a number of regulations in recent years, a lot of online real estate investing platforms still have net worth or credit requirements that makes their services inaccessible to most people. But that’s not the case with DiversyFund. At DiversyFund they are serious about democratizing the investing landscape and closing the wealth gap. That’s why their platform is open to anybody. If you can afford the minimum $500 investment, you are eligible to invest in private market real estate. Period. No accreditation. No credit checks. When it comes to planning your financial future, don't be content to play by the old rules. DiversyFund offers diversification opportunities previously only available to billionaires. So click here and see what DiversyFund can do for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In today's world, it seems like almost everything we do is online. Not only are we shopping and banking via the web, but we’re also having virtual get-togethers with loved ones, watching movies and TV shows, playing video games, and even working and going to school online. And if you want to make sure you have privacy and security when you do these things, you need to get a VPN. And right now, that’s easier and more affordable than ever thanks to FastestVPN. Every time you access the internet, you start by connecting to your internet service provider, or ISP. Their servers then route you to wherever it is you want to go. But because everything goes through your ISP’s servers, your ISP has a record of everything you do online. And all that data is just sitting in some computer, waiting to be hacked, or sold, or handed over to any government agency that asks for it. But that’s only the tip of the virtual iceberg. The rest of the internet is tracking you, too. Every time you visit a website, it sees your IP address, a unique number assigned to each device connected to a network. Every time you look at a product online, advertisers start following you around, building complete profiles about you as a consumer. Every time you send out a piece of sensitive data, whether it’s a credit card number, or a user ID, or a password, it can be intercepted or stolen—unless you have a VPN. VPN is an acronym that stands for virtual private network. When you subscribe to a VPN, you download special software that does two key things. First, it encrypts all outgoing and incoming data so that neither hackers nor ISPs can see what you are doing. Second, it reroutes your internet traffic through the VPN’s servers, which are located all over the world. By encrypting all incoming and outgoing data, VPNs make sure that if your information is intercepted, nobody can read it. And by routing you through their servers, VPNs hide your IP address, protecting your location and identity. So what does that mean for you in real world terms? It means you shop or bank online wherever you want, even free wifi hotspots, and nobody can intercept your sensitive information. It means you can access websites and content that are normally blocked in your region. It means you can read or download whatever you want without worrying somebody is keeping tabs on you. Probably the most important feature to look for when choosing a VPN is a strict no-log policy, which means the company does not keep any records of what you do online. Believe it or not, some VPNs do keep logs of everything their customers do online. So you have to be careful. Other key features you want to look for are server speeds, encryption technology, and the number of devices you can have on one subscription. Luckily, FastestVPN checks off all the important boxes. Their premium features include: While that is certainly a solid list of features, the most impressive thing about FastestVPN is the price. Most premium VPN services with all the features listed above run between $40 and $60 per year, and to get those prices you have to commit to two or three years at a time and pay up front. However, right now you can get a five-year subscription to FastestVPN for just $50. And on top of that, for people who still aren’t sure, FastestVPN offers a 15-day money back guarantee, so you can try it worry free. Given how much of your life is online these days, don’t you think it’s time you started taking online privacy more seriously? If so, you need to take advantage of this deal from FastestVPN before it’s gone. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to investing in crypto, it used to be that your only real option for turning a profit was to buy assets, hold on to them until the price went up, and then sell. Unfortunately, using that strategy successfully required quite a bit of luck. But now there’s a smarter way to invest in crypto. Thanks to an innovative crypto startup called BlockFi, today you can actually put your crypto holdings to work earning up to 8.6% APY compound interest, significantly increasing your Bitcoin, Ether, Litecoin, USD Coin, and Gemini Dollar balances over time. And as if that wasn’t good enough, right now new clients can get up to $250 worth of Bitcoin as a bonus when they sign up and make a qualifying deposit. So there has never been a better time to take BlockFi for a spin. As you probably know, cryptocurrencies have a ton of raw potential. And because they are relatively insulated from the ups and downs of the stock market, some financial experts think younger investors should allocate anywhere from 1-to-5 percent of their portfolios to crypto. That said, there’s still a lot of volatility and unpredictability in the cryptocurrency marketplace. And because it is so unlike any other asset class, a lot of investors have been nervous to take the crypto plunge. That’s where BlockFi comes in. It's an innovative online crypto investing and management platform created to make investing in crypto easier and more productive. They offer a suite of wealth management products designed to serve as a bridge between the worlds of traditional finance and crypto. And their marquee product is the BlockFi Interest Account. The BlockFi Interest Account (BIA) is the world’s first compound interest cryptocurrency savings account. And needless to say, it is changing the way people think about invest in crypto. For those who may not be familiar, compound interest is when the interest earned over a specified period is added to the principle balance. So in other words, it’s when you get to earn interest on interest, which helps you grow your money exponentially. Compound interest has been available in traditional finance for centuries. However, it hasn’t been available for crypto investors until now. The BlockFi Interest Account lets you earn compound interest on any cryptocurrency you keep in your account. Thus, instead of just sitting there collecting virtual dust while you wait for the right time to sell, your cryptocurrency actually makes you more cryptocurrency. And the current interest rates are pretty impressive. Right now you can earn: That 8.6% rate for Gemeni Dollars and USCD Dollars is especially important. You see, Gemeni Dollars and USDC Dollars are “stablecoins,” which means they are permanently pegged to the US dollar. The high interest rates for Gemeni and USCD thus give you a built-in way to mitigate some of the risk that comes with trading in other cryptocurrencies. Incredible compound interest rates on your crypto holdings might be the most obvious reason to sign up for BlockFi. But it’s not the only reason. BlockFi is a comprehensive crypto platform that lets you easily manage your crypto assets and optimize portfolio allocation. Users can add funds to their account with their local fiat currency, making ACH deposits and withdrawals straight from their checking accounts. As soon as the funds show up in their dashboard, users can begin trading with zero hidden fees. BlockFi also offers crypto-backed loans. Using your crypto as collateral, you can get loans worth up to 50 percent of the value of your assets at a highly competitive 4.5 percent interest rate. This gives you yet another way to put your crypto holdings to work without cashing out, so you won't be left kicking yourself if the value of a particular currency in your portfolio skyrockets somewhere down the road. When it comes to buying crypto, you won’t find a smarter, safer way to do it than BlockFi. And right now, new BlockFi clients can earn a bonus of up to $250 in Bitcoin when they sign up and make their first deposit. So if you’re thinking about dedicating a portion of your portfolio to crypto, don’t wait around and miss out. Click here today and find out if BlockFi is right for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A pair of professors fr0m North Carolina State University are proposing an entirely new model of physics that could rewrite the way we think about matter. Their extremely ambitious proposal, as outlined in an essay for The Conversation, does away with particles or waves, both fundamental building blocks of matter, and suggests instead that all the physical stuff in the universe is made up of "fragments of energy" instead. Larry Silverberg and colleague Jeffrey Eischen's theory would even end superceding Einstein's theory of general relativity, which has been used for over a century to explain physical phenomena, most prominently the warping of space and time. "Using newer mathematical tools, my colleague and I have demonstrated a new theory that may accurately describe the universe," Silverberg argued in the essay. "Instead of basing the theory on the warping of space and time, we considered that there could be a building block that is more fundamental than the particle and the wave." The duo posit that rather than particles and waves existing as counterpoints, "it made logical sense for there to be an underlying connection between them." The theory is based on the fundamental idea that energy keeps flowing through space and time in never ending streams that never cross. "Working from the idea of a universe of flowing energy lines, we looked for a single building block for the flowing energy," Silverberg writes. "If we could find and define such a thing, we hoped we could use it to accurately make predictions about the universe at the largest and tiniest scales." Their new most basic unit of matter, dubbed a "fragment of energy," is "a building block that looks like a concentration of energy – kind of like a star – having energy that is highest at the center and that gets smaller farther away from the center," according to Silverberg. The pair put their new theory to the test by evaluating two prominent astronomical observations that were used to confirm Einstein's theory of general relativity. The first was Mercury's unusual orbit. Einstein suggested that space and time were being warped to cause the planet's orbit to shift, thereby explaining shifts in light observed by astronomers. The second was concerned with how light bends as it stretches across warped space time near the Sun. Silverberg and Eischen argue that their fragment of energy theory solves the first problem by modeling the Sun as one giant fragment of energy, while Mercury is a much smaller fragment of energy orbiting it. As for the second, they propose, the Sun retains its giant fragment of energy status while the light passing by is modeled as massless matter traveling at the speed of light. Will it all hold up? Only time will tell — but it's not every day that researchers challenge Einstein. READ MORE: Fragments of energy – not waves or particles – may be the fundamental building blocks of the universe [The Conversation] More on mind-bending theories: Physicist: The Entire Universe Might Be a Neural Network Share This Article 
Binge-watching TV shows was a trend during before the pandemic. Now? It's practically the norm. Thanks to the development of various streaming services, there are thousands of TV shows readily available anytime, anywhere. But if you're tired of the same old streaming services, and wanna immerse yourself in factual, educational, thought-provoking content, it's time to try Curiosity Stream. Curiosity Stream was founded by John Hendricks, the founder of Discovery, a company famous for basic cable mainstays such as The Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, and Animal Planet, which were pioneers in quality, educational television way before streaming services took over. Apart from that, the service includes award-winning documentaries from a plethora of renowned scientists, performers, and presenters, such as Stephen Hawking, Leonardo DiCaprio, Richard Hammond, and Brian Greene. Covering everything from history, society, science, technology, and more, Curiosity Stream is guaranteed to wake up “that curious kid” in you. With award-winning exclusives and documentaries available in whopping 4K resolution, the service can be accessed worldwide without geo-restrictions. No matter where you are, you can always tune in and watch any of the content. And Curiosity Stream is also available on all sorts of streaming devices, including mobile phones (Android and iPhone), smart TV’s (Sony, LG, Sony), and even gaming consoles like Xbox One. To showcase its original programing, Curiosity Stream has created a sneak peek feature so you can preview various shows, including The Secrets of Quantum Physics, Tank on the Moon, The History of Weapons, Bird Brain, Monkey Mayhem, and more. Programing topics includes everything from unseen colorized and remastered footage of WWI to incredible wildlife footage, and it's available to watch  in HD or 4K resolution. Pricing starts for as little as $2.99 a month (or $19.99 a year), which is the monthly price of the HD subscription. However, if you are all about the video clarity and quality, they also offer a 4K subscription, which costs just $9.99 a month, or $69.99 a year. Apart from affordable subscription prices, there's also a limited-time 25-percent discount on annual plans, which means that an annual HD subscription will cost you just $14.99, while a 4K subscription will cost you just $52.49. They also offers gift cards, which means that you can easily share the gift of learning with your friends and family. Gift cards are available for an annual subscriptions, and also include the 25-percent discount. So if you're tired of the same old streaming options, and yearn for something more thought provoking, click here to give Curiosity Stream a try. With thousands of high-quality documentaries and originals available anytime, anywhere, it is guaranteed to entertain and educate. It's been said that life is a journey of learning. So why not let Curiosity Stream be your compass? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Vitamins are a great way to make sure your body has the fuel and nourishment it needs to function at its best. Or at least, that’s the theory. In reality, most of the vitamins you get at your local pharmacy or health food store don’t actually make it into your bloodstream, which means you are literally flushing both the nutrients and your money down the toilet. So if you want vitamins that actually stay in your system and do their job, you need to take a look at the Wellness Spray Vitamin & Hemp Kit from Eirtree Health. Traditional vitamins have relatively poor bioavailability, which means only a small portion of their nutrients stay in your body. The reason for this is a biological process called first pass metabolism. Basically, your GI tract breaks down and weakens any chemical compounds that are ingested orally before they have a chance to reach systemic circulation. So whether you take pills, tablets, or tinctures, you’re losing up to 94% of the nutrients. Luckily, for the last 20 years scientists have been studying how the skin works with the hope of figuring out how to deliver medicines, nutrients, and other beneficial compounds transdermally. The result of this research is called HypoSpray, a pharmaceutical-grade guideline for delivering molecules into the body across the skin. By delivering nutrients through the skin, you circumvent first pass metabolism and get more of these beneficial compounds into your system. It’s HypoSpray technology that separates Eirtree Health’s line of vitamins and supplements apart from the competition. Their skin spray formulas get up to 17x more vitamins into systemic circulation so you experience their full effects. And using them could not be easier. All you do is hold the bottle upright one or two inches away from your skin, give yourself two sprays, and rub it in gently for 15 seconds. The nutrients get fully absorbed into your system in just a few minutes. Want to try Eirtree’s skin spray vitamins and supplements for yourself? There are a lot of different products to choose from, but the best place to start is probably the Wellness Vitamin & Hemp Kit. The Wellness Spray Vitamin & Hemp Kit features five of Eirtree Health’s most popular HydroSprays and is the perfect way to get acquainted with the benefits of transdermal vitamins and supplements. All sprays are made in the USA from high quality USDA certified organic ingredients. The sprays in the Wellness Vitamin & Hemp Kit include: Vitamin B12 B12 is known to help with red blood cell production and anemia prevention, as well as healthy skin, nails, and hair. It may also help prevent birth defects, reduce risk of macular degeneration, improve mood and symptoms of depression, boost energy, prevent neuron loss and/or damage, and improve heart health. Vitamin C Vitamin C boosts immunity, prevents iron deficiency, and protects memory and cognition as you age. It may also help reduce high blood pressure, reduce the risk of heart disease, and prevent gout. Vitamin D Vitamin D, sometimes called “the sunshine vitamin” because it is produced in the skin as a response to sunlight, is incredibly important. Vitamin D helps the body fight disease, reduce depression, and boost weight loss, among other things. Eirtree Health uses Vitamin D3, the most powerful form of Vitamin D. Melatonin Melatonin is a hormone used by the brain to regulate our natural sleep-wake cycle. It is most commonly used to treat sleeplessness. However, melatonin may also reduce symptoms of seasonal depression, increase levels of human growth hormone, and promote eye health. Hemp Isolate Eirtree Health’s Hemp Isolate spray contains a mild 10mg dose of CBD. Although research is still underway, CBD may help treat a number of health and wellness issues, including anxiety, insomnia, chronic pain, inflammation, migraines, depression, effects and cancer treatment, and many others. If you want to take your health and wellness to the next level, give your body cutting-edge supplements specifically designed to support energy, immunity, recovery, mood, and sleep. The Spray Vitamin & Hemp kit comes with a full 60-day money-back guarantee, and you can save 20 percent when you subscribe to monthly shipments. So why wait another day? Stop wasting time and money with traditional vitamins and let Eirtree Health’s revolutionary HydroSprays unlock your body's full potential. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It all started innocently enough in a quiet corner of the Utah wilderness. A team of biologists were counting bighorn sheep from a helicopter when they spotted something strange: a ten to 12 foot shiny metal monolith standing out like a sore minimalist thumb in the rocky, rust-colored hills. Several weeks — and several monolith discoveries and disappearances — later, and the novelty has arguably worn off. They've almost become too many to keep track of: there's the one in Romania, then a third in California. More have cropped up in Pennsylvania and the Netherlands, as well as the Isle of Wight off the southern coast of England. We'll likely see even more copycats soon. What the hell is going? Is this an international Banksy-level art collaboration, or an extraterrestrial race pulling an uninspired prank on humanity? In either case, the execution would leave something to be desired. The construction on the monoliths has been inconsistent, with the one in Romania clearly a rushed welding job, while the one found on the Isle of Wight is substantially shinier than the one found in Utah. The Utah specimen was partially buried in the ground, while the one in England wasn't, and so on and so forth. The most prominent theory that has come forward so far is that the original monolith in Utah was an amateur-ish ode to the late minimalist artist John McCracken, as The New York Times suggested last month. "The object in the photos I have seen is crudely made," artist James Hayward, a close friend of McCracken and former assistant, told the newspaper. "It’s a giant hoax, as far as I am concerned." At least one monolith is already accounted for. Over the weekend, The New York Times reported that a group of four artists came forward taking credit for the monolith — and its replacement after the first one vanished without a trace — that appeared on top of Pine Mountain in Atascadero, California last week. "We intended for it to be a piece of guerrilla art," Wade McKenzie, one of the artists, told the Times. "But when it was taken down in such a malicious manner, we decided we needed to replace it." Regardless of who may be behind the numerous monoliths, the strange installations have managed to keep the attention of some of the most reputable news outlets in the world over several weeks, indicating that it's exactly the kind of distraction we needed right now. In fact, in many ways the public appetite for news stories that are not about the pandemic or elections has never been more insatiable. Aliens or not, it got people talking about something else. "I'm not sure if it's aliens, a Coldplay PR stunt or a local mirror dealer drumming up trade," Isle of White local DJ Rob da Bank told the BBC," but it got us all down the beach anyway." READ MORE: Monolith discovered on Isle of Wight similar to ones found in US and Romania [Sky News] More on monoliths: A Third Monolith Just Appeared in California Share This Article 
The electric car company Aptera Motors is back from the dead — and it claims to have built a vehicle which, in theory, never need to be charged up, thanks to banks of solar panels on its roof and hood. Of course, there are a lot of caveats and footnotes on the claim, as The Verge reports, and we'll get into those. But assuming that the solar panels work moderately well, the Aptera could present something on the road to a solution to the longstanding issues of electric vehicle battery range, one of the main hurdles blocking a widespread transition to electric cars. Aptera isn't claiming to have built a perpetual motion device, or that the three-wheeled vehicle's battery can never run out of juice. Rather, the company says in a press release that the vehicle has an extraordinary 1,000-mile range per charge, factoring in its solar panels adding 45 miles' worth of juice on sunny days. Banking on the assumption that a typical driver will travel less than that, the Aptera could feasibly last for a long time without needing to stop at a real charging station. As a company, Aptera has had trouble getting its unusual design onto the street. After its cars were first certified by the Department of Energy back in 2009, the company closed its doors in 2011 after being unable to secure a loan, according to The Verge. Now it's trying again and accepting pre-orders for its Paradigm and Paradigm Plus models, which The Verge notes could cost a painful $46,000. READ MORE: Aptera is back with a new EV it says doesn’t need charging [The Verge] More on electric vehicles: Report: Electric Vehicles Cost Half as Much to Maintain Share This Article 
Earlier this year, an intriguing meme made the rounds online. It depicted a young man wearing a virtual reality headset and a backpack to which someone had mounted a pole and what appeared to be a small camera. "Man lost a bet and had to live life in the third person for a day," it read. "Brutal." It was an evocative image, open to interpretation. Perhaps the man's stature was self-assured. But at the same time, something in his hand's tenuous grip on a railing suggested profound disorientation, either physically or philosophically. It invoked questions about what it would actually be like to watch yourself from an over-the-shoulder view, a perspective familiar to anyone who's played "Grand Theft Auto" or Nintendo's iconic 1996 platformer "Super Mario 64." pic.twitter.com/zFCetDIcPd — liam 🪁 (@SimpPilgrim) October 13, 2020  We weren't able to track down the gentleman depicted in the meme, but it turns out that over the years, various hobbyists have used VR rigs and cameras to experience life in the third person. As it turns out, watching yourself from behind can be unwieldly and even unsettling in real life — but, at the same time, surprisingly intuitive. In July, for instance, a YouTuber named Austin Evans posted a video in which he assembled a desktop computer in third person, watching himself complete the build from the viewpoint of a GoPro camera that he had mounted to a backpack, giving him a game-like view of the task over his right shoulder. "The actual experience was kind of natural," YouTube Austin Evans told Futurism. "But you have those moments where you have latency, or you have depth perception or you're trying to find something on the floor." That almost-imperceptible delay in the video feed, Evans said, caused waves of nausea. "It's really trippy when you reach for something and you see your hand grab it a tenth of a second later," he said. "It was a real trip to get used to your head being in the way. And you have to look around the world, not with your head, not with your eyes, but with your shoulders. It was a very disorienting experience." But the primary challenge, Evans said, was logistical. Instead of grappling with the existential horror of operating a human body like a video game character from an outsider view, Evans said that his main struggle was that his own head often blocked his view of the task he was trying to perform — tasks that in a typical third-person video game might be as simple as pushing a button or tilting a joystick. Getting used to those challenges, he said, took so long that he stayed in VR longer than he needed so that he wouldn't have to reacclimate. "When we took breaks for filming, I didn't want to take the headset off because I didn't want to disorient myself," Evans said. "It was really draining. Even when it was running well, I felt like my brain was running at overdrive to constantly correct for where my hands were. I had to think about every little thing for hours." James Orgill, a personality behind the YouTube channel The Action Lab, uploaded a segment in April in which he drove an entire car using a homebrewed third person VR rig. The new perspective, he said, took some getting used to. "It didn't feel like someone else's body," Orgill told Futurism. "It's still felt like myself. That is what was interesting is that it just felt like my eyes were in a different spot." Virtual and augmented reality, suffice to say, are technologies dominated by idealistic promises and underwhelming accomplishments — just look at Magic Leap's astonishing fall from grace after delivering a mixed-reality headset that was obviously far less impressive than what the company advertised. As such, it's difficult to imagine mass-market demand for VR rigs that let you live life in the third person. Still, several people have already attempted to monetize the concept. Evans, for instance, helped rig up a similar system to Orgill's in order to film an advertisement for Castrol motor oil in 2015. But he said that the virtual environment rendered in the commercial was vastly cooler than what the driver actually saw, which looked more like a simple videogame. And Bartosz Barlowski, founder of the VR company Mepi, pulled together a similar third-person rig as Evans in 2014 and was impressed, telling 3DPrint.com that he could envision commercial applications for such a system. Barlowski hinted to Futurism that he was still working on new and improved setups, but declined to elaborate. It's worth noting that at least one application Barlowski mentioned to 3DPrint.com, enhanced cameras and sensors for cars, has already reached the market. In 2008, Nissan deployed the Around View Monitor, a system that animates a bird's-eye view of your car while you parallel park. But for most people who have dabbled with living life in the third person, it's more just an opportunity to tinker with an emerging technology. "It was a fun project — I don't know how we're going to follow it up," Evans said. "It was a very unique challenge. It got us thinking in ways that we don't usually do." More on virtual reality: I Tried a VR App Meant to Replace Offices, and It Was Glorious Share This Article 
The US National Science Foundation's Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope, the largest solar observatory in the world, just released its first-ever image of a sunspot. The image, taken in January 2020, is the sharpest image of a sunspot in history — and it looks absolutely terrifying. "The sunspot image achieves a spatial resolution about 2.5 times higher than ever previously achieved, showing magnetic structures as small as 20 kilometers on the surface of the sun," associate director at NSF's National Solar Observatory Thomas Rimmele, lead author of the corresponding paper published in the journal Solar Physics, said in a statement. A sunspot is a dark area on the Sun's surface. Scientists suspected that they're caused by magnetic field flux which cause surrounding areas to cool temporarily. Their size can be extraordinary. The new Inouye image, for instance, is 10,000 miles across — large enough to fit the entire Earth comfortably inside it. The image shows hot and cool gas emanating from the dark center while hot gases bubble up from below the surface. Despite being relatively cool, the dark areas in the center still measure above a toasty 7,500 degrees Fahrenheit. Roughly every 11 Earth years, the Sun starts a new cycle of solar activity. The image represents one of the first sunspots of a solar cycle that began in December 2019. Sunspots are similar to solar flares and coronal mass ejections, which are massive bursts of plasma and magnetic fields from the Sun's corona, the outer part of its atmosphere. These massive outbursts can be so violent, their effects on space weather can be felt all the way back on Earth, where they wreak havoc on power grids, GPS satellites, and even air travel. In other words, studying these phenomena could help us refine our tools and make them more resistant to freak events in space weather. READ MORE: Inouye Solar Telescope releases first image of a sunspot [AURA] More on the observatory: The Highest Def Photo of the Sun Looks Like Caramel Popcorn Share This Article 
On Thursday, a team of MIT engineers reported that they'd created a material that absorbs 99.995 percent of light that reaches it — making it even blacker than Surrey NanoSystems' mind-bending Vantablack, which absorbs 99.965 percent of light. But perhaps even more remarkable than the light-absorbing capabilities of the new super black material is how the MIT team discovered it: by accident. In an attempt to boost certain properties of electrically conductive materials, the MIT team removed the oxide layer from aluminum and began growing carbon nanotubes on it. "I remember noticing how black it was before growing carbon nanotubes on it, and then after growth, it looked even darker," researcher Kehang Cui told MIT News. "So I thought I should measure the optical reflectance of the sample." That's when the team discovered that it had created the world's new blackest material, which it detailed in a study published in the journal ACS-Applied Materials and Interfaces on Thursday. A fascinating illustration of the new material became public when MIT-affiliated artist Diemut Strebe, who was involved in the substance's development, used it in an installation titled "The Redemption of Vanity," in which she coated a $2 million diamond in the ultra-black material — an exploration, she said, of what it meant to make a symbolically expensive object "disappear." The MIT researchers almost immediately partnered with artist Diemut Strebe to coat a $2 million diamond in the material as part of an art exhibit that launched at the New York Stock Exchange on Friday. The MIT team has since offered up the material to any interested artists. But the substance could have many applications beyond the artistic, such as helping astronomers remove unwanted glare from telescopes. As black as this material is, though, researcher Brian Wardle doesn't expect it to hold the title of blackest black forever. "I think the blackest black is a constantly moving target," he told MIT News. "Someone will find a blacker material, and eventually we'll understand all the underlying mechanisms, and will be able to properly engineer the ultimate black." Editor's note 12/3/2020: Updated the description of Deimut Strebe's role in the diamond installation. READ MORE: MIT engineers develop “blackest black” material to date [MIT News] More on Vantablack: BMW Unveils a Car Coated in Vantablack Share This Article 
Let's say, for the sake of argument, that you're an astronaut, with a ticket to the International Space Station, where you'll be hanging out for months, if not nearly an entire year. While you're now part of an incredibly elite group of people ever to travel into space, you're also not immune to enjoying (like most of the rest of human civilization since time immemorial) a good drink. Would you try to smuggle some booze aboard the ISS? Of course you would. According to a new book, a lot of astronauts have done the same thing. Routinely! According to a phenomenal rundown of the history of booze in space on Supercluster, astronauts are saucing in orbit all the time. For example: “NASA will tell you there is no alcohol aboard the ISS," NASA astronaut Clayton Anderson told [2019's "Alcohol in Space" author Chris Carberry]. "As a person who lived there for five months, I’ll tell you that’s bogus." Yep: Someone wrote and published an entire tome about getting wasted in space last year, the book everyone didn't know they needed. In "Alcohol in Space," Carberry further found that the Russian space program turns a blind eye to this kind of thing, and that the cosmonauts generally prefer brandy over vodka. Also, they're good at getting it aboard: They’ve smuggled bottles of cognac in hollowed-out books, filled up plastic meal containers with booze and mislabeled them as juice, and even gone on strict diets before launch so they could smuggle bottles in their spacesuits and still make weight requirements. While tippling it in space might seem innocuous, it turns out there's good reason to look into it. For one thing, learning about the way booze behaves, at a chemical level, in a zero-g environment informs the scientific development of it down here (and there have been several cargo payloads containing alcohol used for experiments that've already made it into orbit). For another, as space travel develops, the fact remains: on Mars, the Moon, or just a trip around the bright blue rock, people will want a nip. There's something comforting in that, you know? No matter how deep into the furthest reaches of our galaxy, or into the universe beyond it, humans will want to get 'faced. And if, one day, we're relegated to a small paragraph of a history tome of some alien civilization, in a chapter about the ancient others decimated so theirs could stand, it's hard to imagine anything as sure as something along the lines of "they always proved themselves nothing if not adept at finding a way to get drunk." We will. We always do. READ MORE: We Were Promised Cosmic Cocktails [Supercluster] More on naughty astronauts: The Complications of Sex in Space Share This Article 
In the past, people used to fantasize about being able to see what’s going on inside our bodies at the cellular level. Movies like 1966’s Fantastic Voyage and 1987’s Innerspace imagined what it would be like to shrink submarines down to microscopic size, and explore the inside of a human body. But as of 2020, such fantasies might no be longer necessary. Seriously. While miniaturization is still the stuff of sci-fi, scientists have developed incredibly advanced testing procedures powered on AI analytics capable of giving us amazing snapshots of our cellular and microbial health. And now, thanks to the Health Intelligence Service from Viome, anybody can make use of this amazing technology to look after their own health. Viome first achieved notoriety in science and health circles for their groundbreaking Gut Intelligence Service, which focused specifically on what’s going on inside the human gut microbiome. Now they’ve created an even more advanced service called the Health Intelligence Service that's taking nutrition-based healthcare to a whole new level. When you subscribe to Viome’s Health Intelligence Service, you’ll be sent two easy-to-use at home tests. One's a stool test used to map out your gut microbiome, and the other's a blood test used to measure and analyze your RNA. Viome’s microbiome test is kind of like a DNA test, only instead of mapping out genes, it maps out the organisms in your gut. The gut (also known as the gut microbiome) is the community of symbiotic bacteria and other microorganisms that live in the digestive tract. Over the last few decades, scientists discovered how this ecosystem plays a significant role in our overall health. When the microbes in your gut are out of balance, your body can't absorb nutrients the way it should. Recent research linked the gut microbiome to a number of specific diseases and conditions, including heart disease, diabetes, colon cancer, obesity and weight management, sleep, and mental clarity. The gut microbiome is also closely interconnected with the immune system, with studies showing a clear link between diet and innate immunity. Using something called advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing, Viome identifies and quantifies every strain and species in your gut and determines what nutrients and toxins they are producing. Then, they run your results through an advanced artificial intelligence engine, cross referencing them with a huge database of information to arrive at personalized food recommendations designed to increase microbial species associated with overall wellness; minimize microbial species associated with poor health; create the ideal ratio of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats for your body; identify foods that are most compatible with your metabolism; help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight; and increase your energy, focus, and well-being. Your microbiome test results are also used to provide over 20 different health insight scores evaluating things like digestive efficiency, inflammatory activity, and metabolic fitness. The other test included in Viome’s Health Intelligence Service is a blood test that measures your RNA. RNA is an indicator of how your genes are expressed in your cells and mitochondria, which is the powerhouse of the cell. By analyzing your RNA, Viome can determine how well your cells and mitochondria are working. Poor mitochondrial function means cells don’t have enough energy to repair themselves and has been linked to aging, poor metabolism, cardiovascular health, and brain health. Meanwhile, poor cellular health has been linked to low energy, poor stress response, inflammation, and immune response, among other things. Viome’s RNA test results are used to provide an additional 30 health insight scores, measuring things like overall mitochondrial health, overall cellular health, stress response, biological age, and immune system health. Then their AI engine analyzes your scores, runs them against the Viome database, and tells you which foods are your superfoods, which foods you should minimize, which foods you should avoid, and which supplements you should take. Following these recommendations can improve your mental clarity, immunity, mood, weight, sleep, energy levels, and of course your digestive wellness. When it comes to your health, you can either sit around and wait for bad things to happen, or you can be proactive and make sure you are giving your body exactly what it needs to function at its best. Viome’s Health Intelligence Service is specifically designed to help you do the latter. By analyzing what’s going on in your gut and in your cells, and giving your explanations that you can actually understand, it gives you the knowledge you need to take action. So don’t just sit there. Click here to read more about Viome’s Health Intelligence Service and see if it’s right for you. Disclosure: Viome is owned by a board member of Singularity University, the parent company of Futurism Media. Also, to create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We rarely think of games as a form of workout, but it turns out that gaming can be useful for improving all sorts of cognitive skills. It makes sense; you're using memory, hand-eye coordination, executive functioning, spatial relations, and a host of other skills. That you're having fun while doing it is just a bonus. CogniFit's premium brain training, available for $49.99 for a limited time, takes that to the next level, by pairing fun games with in-depth analysis to track your progress and keep your mind sharp while you play. CogniFit starts with a cognitive assessment to get an idea of your baseline. These can be specific, or they can be tailored to an age group, skill, or setting, such as academic cognition or driving. Then, you dive into the suite of games that use specific cognitive skills, recommended based on your assessment. Number Lines, for example, looks at your visual scanning, short-term memory, and processing speed. The games are divided into five categories: memory, perception, reasoning, coordination, and attention. In turn, they're subdivided among specific skills, like visual short-term memory or processing speed. So no matter what, you're always cross-training your brain and learning how different skills emphasize different strengths. You spend ten minutes a day playing the games, and, over time, CogniFit builds a profile of your skills and where to focus to improve, whether you want to generally be sharper or have a specific area like attention you need to focus on. If you've got time to kill in a waiting room or before a meeting starts, you can practice your skills and have a little fun while doing it. Best of all, CogniFit can be used in a browser, on your iOS or Android device, or on Windows or Mac, so you'll never have to worry about having your phone charged up; the games are anywhere you've got a good internet connection. CogniFit works because it starts with a scientifically validated model of your cognitive skills that can be applied in multiple situations, and not just for getting a sense of your overall acuity. For example, the U.S. Navy was looking for a method to better assess fatigue in transportation crews. However, their methods didn't include an overall baseline to measure performance against; sometimes we all have a bad day, after all. The Navy used CogniFit as a Readiness Screening Tool (RST) to develop a baseline and learn each person's susceptibility to fatigue. It's that baseline that's most important. Some of us are just going to be naturally better at some skills; if you're regularly playing sports, you'll have great hand-eye coordination, and if you're working in a busy environment with a lot to do, you need good executive functioning just to be effective at your job. That can make it difficult to detect declines in other skills, especially if you unconsciously use other ones to compensate for those deficiencies. Similarly, as time goes on, our skills and competencies shift. The skills you used at your high school job aren't the same as the ones you're using now. The CogniFit profile will shift with you, so you can retain skills that you've developed in the past and keep away that "rusty" feeling. CogniFit also adapts to varying settings and can even help you pick up different skills. Bright kids who simply need to practice focusing and paying attention can develop those abilities and have fun at the same time. If you're sick of breaking out the calculator app to figure out that tip, you can practice your mental arithmetic and leave the app closed. And at 58% off, it's a budget-friendly way to sharpen your facilities and have a little fun doing it. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The three most important words of a healthy daily routine are hydrate, hydrate, and of course, hydrate. The benefits of drinking enough water are well documented (as are the dangers of not hydrating enough) but that doesn’t mean we’re all drinking those recommended eight glasses per day. Luckily, thanks to Hydrant hydration mix, proper hydration becomes a whole lot easier. The Hydrant Rapid Hydration Drink Mix is a refreshing and tasty powdered blend that you can add to water to make it not only more flavorful, but more hydrating, as well. How is that possible? Hydrant is formulated to allow you to derive the absolute most hydration from your water, whatever your diet or lifestyle may be. This occurs thanks to Hydrant's scientifically formulated balance of electrolytes, which helps your body to process water more efficiently. And if you’re interested in increasing your intake of electrolytes, Hydrant is a great way to do so. That's because every serving has three times the electrolytes of a typical sports drink. Hydrant gives you the optimum dose of elements your body needs to optimize hydration. Sodium helps your body deliver nerve impulses and helps your muscles function, while magnesium can improve performance in physical exercise. Zinc contributes to cell growth and the proper functioning of your immune system, and potassium basically works like an electrolyte in regulating your body’s fluid balance, nerve signals, and muscle contraction. And Hydrant combines all of these elements into a special formula that faster, longer-lasting hydration. And as an added bonus, it also tastes great. How great? You’ll have to try it to find out for yourself. But Hydrant Rapid Hydration Drink Mixes come in several flavors, like lime, grapefruit, fruit punch, iced tea, orange mango, and more. And if your daily routine requires a shot of caffeine to get you going, don’t worry about it. There’s also a Caffeinated Hydration Mix, which may even be able to serve as a healthier alternative to coffee anyone  looking to improve their morning routine. And best of all, with Hydrant's “Subscribe and Save” option, you can get new shipments of Hydrant mixes delivered to your do at a frequency of choice, and save 20-percent per shipment in the process. You can cancel or change up your frequency or flavor preferences at any time. So if you’re serious about upping your hydration game, there’s virtually no reason not to give Hydrant a try. Head over to the Hydrant site today, and say hello to a new era of health and hydration. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cryptocurrencies have become an attractive investment for forward-thinkers in finance. Some experts have long believed they could be the future of investing. But until recently, investing in cryptocurrencies has been inherently speculative. The only way to make money on them was to buy assets, hold on to them until the price went up, and then sell. And that’s fine if you have enough resources to take a bit of a gamble. But what if there was a better way to invest in crypto? Well, now there is a better way, thanks to an innovative crypto startup called BlockFi. As you probably know, there’s a lot of volatility and unpredictability in the cryptocurrency marketplace. However, because cryptocurrencies have so much raw potential, and because they are relatively insulated from the ups and downs of the stock market, some experts say younger investors should allocate anywhere from 1 to 5 percent of their portfolios to crypto, assuming they can afford the risk. BlockFi was created to make investing in crypto easier and more productive. BlockFi is an innovative online crypto investing and management platform with a number of wealth management products that bridge the worlds of traditional finance and crypto. However, their marquee product is the BlockFi Interest Account that lets you put your crypto holdings to work earning compound interest, significantly increasing your Bitcoin, Ether, Litecoin, USD Coin, and Gemini Dollar balances over time. The revolutionary BlockFi Interest Account (BIA) is the world’s first compound interest cryptocurrency savings account. For those who aren’t financial and investing experts, compound interest is when the interest earned over a specified period is added to the principle balance. So basically, it’s when you get to earn interest on interest the interest you've already earned, which helps you grow your money exponentially. Compound interest has been available in traditional finance for centuries. However, it hasn’t been available for crypto investors until now. A BlockFi Interest Account lets you earn compound interest on any cryptocurrency you keep in your account. So instead of just sitting there collecting virtual dust while you wait for the right time to sell, your cryptocurrency actually makes you more cryptocurrency. And the current interest rates are pretty impressive. Right now you can earn: That 8.6% rate for Gemeni Dollars and USCD Dollars is particularly important. Both Gemeni Dollars and USDC Dollars are what’s known as “stablecoins,” which are permanently pegged to the US dollar. The high interest rate and stable value offers a built-in way to mitigate some of the risk that comes with trading in other cryptocurrencies. So how much money can you earn with a crypto compound interest account? BlockFi created a handy interest calculator based on the current USD value of various cryptocurrencies. Right now, a $2,000 investment in BTC is projected to earn you roughly $187 in compound interest over 36 months. A $2,000 investment in ETH is projected to earn $318 in over 36 months. And a $2,000 investment in USDC or GUDC is projected to earn $561 over 36 months. Again, those are just projections, not guarantees. But they are very good projections. Amazing compound interest rates on your crypto holdings might be the number one reason to sign up for BlockFi. But it’s definitely not the only reason. BlockFi is a comprehensive crypto platform that lets you easily manage your crypto assets and optimize portfolio allocation. Users can add funds to their account with their local fiat currency, and as soon as it shows up in their dashboard begin trading with zero hidden fees. BlockFi also offers crypto-backed loans. Using your crypto as collateral, you can get loans worth up to 50 percent of the value of your assets at a highly competitive 4.5 percent interest rate. This lets you put your crypto holdings to work without cashing out, so you won't be left kicking yourself if the value of a particular currency in your portfolio skyrockets somewhere down the road. If you’re thinking about dedicating a sizable chunk of your investment portfolio to crypto, it’s always wise to start by consulting a licensed financial advisor to make sure it’s actually right for you. But be sure to do it fast, because BlockFi’s rates have never been better. And right now they’re also offering a sign-up bonus of $275 worth of BTC for any $25 deposit. Click here to learn more and find out if BlockFi is right for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Artificial intelligence and machine learning are making our lives easier — in some obvious ways, and some surprising ones. It's helping historians understand ancient languages we've been unable to crack, personalizing our workouts, and even writing convincing op-eds. Yet despite being everywhere, the field can feel opaque even to programmers. The Ultimate Python & Artificial Intelligence Bundle, which is currently $39.99 or 97% off the usual price, aims to make the design, building, and deployment of these tools transparent. Whether you're looking to build a better fitness regimen or advance your IT career, you'll find what you need in the 35 hours of training in this bundle. Completely new to Python? This bundle starts with two courses to show you how it functions. Start with Python for Beginners: Learn All the Basics of Python and Python For Beginners: The Basics For Python Development to learn why this powerful, flexible programming language is one of the fundamentals of not just AI, but your favorite apps, websites, and more. Once you have that grounding, you can move on to Python: Introduction to Data Science & Machine Learning A-Z. Much of machine learning and AI is about the management and analysis of large data sets, and applying data science can yield some fascinating results. If data science intrigues you, you'll want to follow up with H20. H2O is a scalable and automated system that does the grunt work of data science while the programmer refines the more complicated details in the back-end. Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Python: An H2O Approach shows you how this works in practical terms, whether you're looking to use it for academic work or in the private sector. Keras, an open-source library of AI tools that uses the Python interface, is one of the most commonly used tools for machine learning, not least because it was developed and is utilized by Google. It's designed to be deployed on multiple platforms and can even learn through distributed networks. As such, anybody looking to work with AI will need to have an understanding of how it works. Image Processing & Analysis Bootcamp with OpenCV and Deep Learning in Python starts with a common Keras task: sorting through the billions of photos that flood websites and social media networks every day looking for common data. If you've ever wondered how a social media network can guess your face out of a crowd, this will show you how that works. Next, Keras Bootcamp for Deep Learning & AI in Python will expand on those skillsets to show you how Keras uses both common and uncommon data to build and operate neural networks. PyTorch is the software that drives deep learning, including Tesla's self-driving technology and Uber's probabilistic estimating tool, Pyro. Master PyTorch for Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) & Deep Learning will explain what makes it stand out for these types of applications and how to use it for deep learning functions. Finally, for the complicated statistical computing and design demanded by heavy industry, you'll learn to use the R programming language, built for handling statistics and data mining. Practical Data Pre-Processing & Visualization Training with R and Pre-Process & Visualize Data with Tidy Techniques in R will show you the two most popular R functions, how it can wrangle data to make it more manageable for humans, and how it can visualize that data in effective terms to see patterns and make more informed decisions. It's important to remember AI and machine learning are tools for humans to benefit from, not replacements for humans. For just $39.99, the Ultimate Python & Artificial Intelligence Certification Bundle will put you on the road to mastering these tools—and furthering your career. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The days are getting shorter. The temperatures are getting colder. Winter, as they say, is coming. And to be perfectly honest, with everything going on in the world right now, it looks like this is going to be a good one to just stay inside, put on your best sweatpants, and curl up with a good book. Luckily, if you happen to love edgy sci-fi thrillers sprinkled with dark humor and biting social commentary, we have the perfect book to add to your winter reading list. This fall, St. Martin’s Press released Zoe Punches the Future in the Dick, the second installment in the Zoey Ashe series by New York Times bestselling author David Wong. And a lot of science fiction fans are already saying it’s one of the best reads of 2020. We're psyched to read it. The story's set in a city called Tabula Ra$a, in a near dystopian future, where surgical enhancements have given villains and vigilantes superhuman powers, and privacy is nonexistent because everyone livestreams everything they do on a social network called Blink. It's a fictional world that juxtaposes incredible scientific achievements with unimaginable human depravity. Zoey Punches the Future in the Dick follows a 23-year-old woman named Zoey Ashe who unexpectedly inherited a vast criminal empire from her deceased father. On the eve of the world’s biggest and most lavish Halloween party, Ashe receives a box with a disemboweled corpse that inexplicably comes to life and accuses her of murdering it. With the city already on edge and full of superhuman vigilantes looking to become famous, Zoey and her high-tech team must solve the murder and keep Tabula Ra$a from descending into total chaos. Written by David Wong, bestselling author of the John Dies at the End series, and former executive editor of Cracked.com, Zoey Punches the Future in the Dick is the followup to 2016’s acclaimed Futuristic Violence and Fancy Suits and the second installment in the Zoey Ashe series. If nothing else, Zoey Punches the Future in the Dick is probably worth buying just because of the title. After all, who among us doesn’t want to punch the future in the dick right about now? That being said, according to people who review books for a living, there are plenty of other good things to say about this book as well. Shelf Awareness calls Zoey Punches the Future in the Dick “a funhouse mirror of modern society viewed through a superhero comic or a James Bond movie...with commentary on celebrity culture, social media, and toxic masculinity.” Publishers Weekly calls it “a brilliant modern parable disguised as pop fiction,” one that “sneaks a nuanced examination of the surrealist nature of the digital age into the nonstop action, whipping technological, philosophical, and ethical questions into a wild romp that satirizes everything from the men’s rights movement to gaming culture to the cult of celebrity.” Last but not least, Booklist calls Zoey Punches the Future in the Dick Wong’s best work yet. They argue that, in addition to Wong’s trademark humor and imagination, it has a "grounded sense of humanity" that takes it to another level. Zoey Punches the Future in the Dick is on sale now in hardcover, paperback, and digital. If you’re looking for a smart, fun, weird, and irreverent take on the modern world, order your copy today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to technology, it's Android's world. The mobile operating system is used by almost 75% of the smartphone market, and drives gadgets from cars to cameras. The 2021 Android Development eBook & Video Course Bundle, currently $29.99 (or 96% off) will show you, step-by-step, how you — yeah, you, a programming beginning — can become an in-demand app developer for the most popular OS. To begin with, Android Programming for Beginners, 2nd Edition is a detailed eBook that starts with basic principles and shows you how to work with Java and develop in the Android environment. If you're interested in games, or want to dig deeper into Java, Learning Java by Building Android Games will get you started on both game development and Android coding. Once you've got a firm grasp of the basics, you can build on those skills: App development doesn't end with launch. Once an app goes live, you'll need to know what a developer does day to day to keep apps running, and relevant to their users. These videos and books will show you how. Once you've launched your first app, the world of development is wide open. The bundle closes with a few different options to consider depending on what drives you. Android's becoming more and more ingrained in our daily lives, and even if you're looking to do more than build apps, knowing how it works and how to build for it will boost your career and help you establish a future in coding. And at 96% off, this bundle will give you all the tools you need to become a master app developer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
2020, for reasons we don’t have to specify, has seen a big resurgence in pandemic-themed entertainment. Films like Outbreak and Contagion have found new life, as has anything else that depicted a viral pandemic in a fictional context. This includes board games. Specifically, we're talking about this Pandemic board game from Z-Man Games. It's only a few years old, but it's newly relevant, thanks to, uh, current events. Everyone in the world's now learning the hard way how important it is for governments to be prepared for the possibility of a global pandemic. But players of Pandemic already knew this. That's because the game is all about letting players cooperate as members of a team, devoted to fighting worldwide outbreaks. Here’s the official synopsis of what the game is all about: “Four diseases have broken out in the world and it is up to a team of specialists in various fields to find cures for these diseases before mankind is wiped out. Players must work together playing to their characters' strengths and planning their strategy of eradication before the diseases overwhelm the world with ever-increasing outbreaks. For example the operation specialist can build research stations which are needed to find cures for the diseases. The Scientist needs only 4 cards of a particular disease to cure it instead of the normal 5. But the diseases are outbreaking fast and time is running out: The team must try to stem the tide of infection in diseased areas while also towards cures. A truly cooperative game where you all win or you all lose.” Pandemic is designed for anywhere from 2-4 players, and despite its worldwide scope, a typical game only takes about 45 minutes to play. Basically, each player takes on a specific role in the field of combating disease, including Scientist, Quarantine Specialist, Medic, and Researcher. Players have to cooperate to battle four diseases that are seeing outbreaks across the planet (See? Things could be worse). Each role has its own special advantages that play out during the game, which begins at the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta. Players draw city cards to travel around the world, complete research, and contain outbreaks, but if too many outbreaks occur, the game is over and the team loses. But as you progress through the game and cure more diseases, they become easier to contain. If the current state of the world has you cooped up and depressed, perhaps taking the opportunity to fight four fictional diseases will take a little bit of the edge off. Pandemic from Z-Man games is now available in a newly updated version and makes a fun, ideal game for those long, socially-distanced nights. Pandemic is suitable for players from eight years old and up, so if that applies to your household head over to Amazon and grab your copy now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In 1965, Gordon Moore, who co-founded Intel, observed that in his experience, the number of transistors you can fit into a given space would double about every two years. This quickly was dubbed Moore's Law, and the way it manifested itself into the world of technology been pretty substantial. One of those ways? The availability of cheap, powerful, handheld computers like the Raspberry Pi to perform tasks far beyond what even Moore expected. The Ultimate Raspberry Pi & ROS Robotics Developer Super Bundle, available for $49.99 or 97% off, will show you how to build your own internet of things (IoT) devices, how they work, and some of the ways processors are changing how we view the world — and how you can use one to change yours. The Raspberry Pi is a series of single-board computers (that is, computers with everything you need on one circuit board) that were originally designed by the charity the Raspberry Pi Foundation to help make basic computer science more accessible to educators and kids, especially in disadvantaged and developing areas. It turned out to be vastly more popular than they expected, to the point where you'll find them in industrial servers as well as on desktops. ROS, short for Robot Operating System, has a bit of a misleading name. It's actually "middleware." Think of it as a manager for the sheer diversity of tools, sensors, and programs for robots. ROS 2.0 is a major overhaul, making it easier to build robots and automation at home. Whether you're an experienced engineer looking to learn about Raspberry Pi or just starting in computer science and engineering, there's a course for you to start in this bundle. Start with the one-hour class Raspberry Pi Essentials & Extras, which offers an overview of the latest Raspberry Pi, the Pi 4, what it can do, and some jumping-off points to tinker and build with. If you're completely new to the field, move on to Raspberry Pi 4 Essentials: Learn More in Less Time, a more detailed look at the platform for beginners that will help you get your feet wet and begin experimenting, as well as The Complete Raspberry Pi Bootcamp, which will give you a comprehensive overview of the platform from basic principles to complex executions. Follow it up with ROS2 For Beginners; this will get you started in the new and improved ROS. And if you've worked with ROS before, Learn ROS2 & Migrate Your ROS Projects will show you how to bring over your past projects. Have more of a grounding in computer science? Try Connect & Interface Raspberry Pi with Arduino, which will show you how to connect your Raspberry Pi to the popular open-source microcontroller platform, and Hands-on Zigbee Using Raspberry Pi, about how the wireless protocol interfaces with your new tiny computer. Finally, Internet of Things with Python & Raspberry Pi will bring more industrial language to the little computer. From there, try out a few of the step-by-step projects that are both educational and fun, including: You can close it out with classes that explore a similar platform, the ASUS Tinkerboard and the NodeMCU, designed to help you make "dumb" things smart. Smart devices will drive the future, and learning how to create them will help you understand how they work and how to fix them when something goes wrong with one in your house. And at just $49.99, this course bundle makes it easy and fun. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Masks have become part of our day-to-day lives, yet their necessity is having downstream effects we're just starting to deal with, today. A mix of lack of demand for oil combined with a tendency to use disposable plastic masks has added to the ongoing plastic waste problem our planet faces, with up to 75% of the disposable masks and gloves winding up in the environment, according to the UN. The best way to help out, on a personal level, is to use sustainable products instead. The UltraOne Fan Mask, currently 10% off at $79.95, keeps the air in your mask fresh and filtered while limiting the need for disposables. Here's how it works, and why it's better. It's worth remembering that we wear masks not just to prevent inhaling germs but also exhaling them. That makes proper wear important, but the right fit can be tricky to achieve with some masks. The UltraOne solves this problem with its silicone straps and face seal. The face seal is designed to mold comfortably over the face and nose, limiting air getting out around the mask. This also means fogged-up glasses are a thing of the past, as the seal limits your breath coming out from the top of the mask. The face straps are silicone as well and designed to fit comfortably over the ears so you can wear your mask for hours, and it comes with two fitting clamps to ensure the ideal fit. The Fan Mask uses High-Efficiency Particulate Air (HEPA) filters. HEPA filter technology has decades of real-world testing behind it, and a standard filter will filter 99.97% of all particulate matter down to a scale of 0.3 microns, making it ideal not just for airborne germs but also pollution and other matter. In addition, the filter includes an activated carbon membrane. Activated carbon serves as a microscopic carbon net that catches smaller particles and holds them in place, offering extra protection. These filters cover both intake and exhaust, for maximum protection for you and those around you. While masks are part of our everyday routine, many have struggled to figure out the proper balance of air intake versus protection. The Fan Mask resolves this by offering two speeds; a slower one for daily use and a faster speed for when you're running, cycling, or otherwise need maximum air. As an advantage, this helps keep the mask from getting too humid, adding comfort and helping to prevent acne related to mask usage. The Fan Mask is designed for durability, sustainability, and reuse. The mask itself charges with a standard USB cable, so you'll never have to worry about powering it up, and it lasts for four to six hours off a 760 mA battery. The outer shell is tough ABS plastic, so it can be tossed in your bag and be ready to go when you need it. Current estimates have the Fan Mask sturdy enough to be used daily for at least three years. In terms of sustainability, a good reusable mask is better than disposables not just for the environment, but for your wallet. The cost of disposable N95 or KN95 masks can run as high as $3 per mask, depending on the vendor, and consumer hoarding makes it more difficult for medical personnel and first responders to secure the PPE they need. Having a mask where you only change the filters will help save money for you and resources for those who need it most. And at $80, the UltraOne Fan Mask will keep you sustainable, safe, and on budget. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Some people, after being stuck at home for months on end, have fallen into the kind of paralytic torpor where they can't accomplish much of anything. Others have felt their creative juices flowing like never before. But for the former group, if you're anything like us, sometimes all you need is a little stimulation to get that creativity going — like the kind that comes from fruitful collaboration. In previous eras, musical collaboration has been bound by physical proximity. But now, collaboration is easier than ever thanks to Soundtrap for Spotify. It lets you work with anyone, anywhere, in a virtual recording studio. Soundtrap was designed by Spotify to facilitate collaboration between artists of any experience level and physical location. Using it, you can work with others on music, podcasts, and anything else people enjoy by listening. It handles almost every step of the creative process, from recording to editing, and then putting it up on Spotify. This can be done with pretty much any standard mobile device, and all the work you do with the service is automatically stored in the cloud, so you don’t have to worry about running out of storage space or accidentally losing your work. There are a few different price tiers for a Soundtrap plan depending on what kind of work you want to do, but even the free plan gives you unlimited projects, 900 loops, 210 instruments and sounds, and more than 150,000 free sound effects sourced from freesounds.org. Other Soundtrap plans include Soundtrap for Music Makers Premium, Soundtrap for Music Makers Supreme, Soundtrap for Storytellers (intended for people more interested in podcasts than music), and Soundtrap Complete, which is billed as being “for the creator who wants everything.” You can check out all the different price tiers at the service’s official site. But if you check out everything you can get for $13.99 per month with a Complete plan, you'll get a good idea of some of the features that make it an ideal platform for recording and editing audio content. Soundtrap Complete gives you access to more than 6700 loops, plus (for a limited time) an additonal 300+ loops and sounds from Splice. It also includes more than 680 digital instruments and sounds, the 150,000-strong sound effect library from freesound.org, Antares Auto-Tune, Automation, Remote Interviews, Priority Mixing, Interactive Transcripts, High Quality Downloads, publishing to Spotify, and more. Zach Brannan is a singer-songwriter from Mullica Hill, New Jersey, and he’s one of many satisfied users who was blown away by the collaborative possibilities of the platform: “Reaching out to other musicians has become easier than I could have dreamed. Video chat, and being able to record at the same time around the world with other musicians? Nothing can beat this!” So if you’re ready to begin the next phase of your creative career, check out Soundtrap for Spotify today. Remember, you can sign up for Soundtrap Free and give it a try at no cost. You've got nothing to lose, and a world of collaboration to gain. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For most people, outdoor furniture is the furniture they put outside because, well, it's not nice enough to be indoor furniture. After all, what's the point of buying expensive, high-quality furniture for your porch or patio when it'll end up getting wet and dirty. Well, a company called Outer is trying to change all that. They make outdoor furniture that's as comfortable and high-quality as what you use indoors, but gets made with an advanced, patent-pending process keeping it clean and dry despite the elements. With Outer, you can bring the apex of outdoor furniture to your own porch, patio, or backyard. The company's multi-layer memory foam cushions might be more comfortable than the furniture in your living room. That's because the memory foam is of the same quality and comfort that you usually find in higher-end mattresses, which makes sitting in Outer chairs and sofas almost like sitting on a cloud. That's why Outer is confident when they say that their cushions are the most comfortable outdoor cushions in the world. But Outer has more than just off-the-charts comfort to offer. Its proprietary OuterShell technology protects your furniture from whatever mother nature can dish out. The OuterShell cover secures Outer furniture from dew, rain, wind, snow, hail, and all the other elements that tend to wear and tear normal outdoor furniture over the years. Even without the OuterShell, Outer furniture is built to last. The cushions are covered in what they call “life-proof fabric,” which is certainly not a phrase you use to describe most outdoor furniture. And Outer furniture is made from sturdy, all-weather wicker, and stands on stainless steel that’s built to hold up against pets, weather, and even your kids. Outer makes sofas and sectionals that can be arranged in practically any configuration, so whatever your setup is outside, they'll have a furniture set that fits it. Four-piece, five-piece, six-piece, seven-piece, and eight-piece sets are yours for the choosing, as are various modular sofas. So whatever you need, and however often you find yourself entertaining outdoors, you can get it from Outer. Outer also makes a line of outdoor rugs that will tie any outdoor space together. The 1188 eco-friendly comes in several different color options, and each is designed to be neutral enough to fit any surrounding or style. They’re soft to the touch, but built to last, and all with a reduced environmental impact. They’re also cleverly designed to conceal the dirt and dust that any outdoor rug is bound to accumulate. So even if you’ve had it sitting out for a while, it won’t look anywhere near as dirty as it actually is. And perhaps best of all, they’re easy to clean, too! And for a limited time, you can get ten percent off the purchase of an Outer sofa by becoming an Outer Neighborhood Showroom Host. So head over to their site for more information on the program and learn how you can apply. If your porch, patio, or yard could use an upgrade, there’s no better time to head over to the Outer online store and check out everything they have to offer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The future of finance is digital. You know this by now. While cryptocurrencies and blockchain draw plenty of attention, there's even more going on inside the finance industry rapidly changing how we invest, spend, and transfer money around the world — without even realizing it. The Ultimate FinTech & Blockchain Bootcamp Bundle, just $39.99, a 97% discount, will get you caught up to the cutting edge of fintech. From the fabled "quants" to algorithms that attempt to provide clarity on complicated markets, AI is increasingly central to finance. The course AI In FinTech will show you how artificial intelligence and machine learning are changing how we approach money, from the consumer level to the vast sums on the market. Then, learn about a common financial AI tool with Intro to Robo-Advisors. These are tools that sit between do-it-yourself and consulting with another human, and in this course, you'll learn how they work, why to use them, and when to set them aside. Robo-advisors can be powerful for humans who have a good sense of the market, and understanding their internal functions can be key to making the right decisions, short and long term. Blockchain has a lot of buzz, with not a lot of explanation. At root, it's a revolution in bookkeeping and tracking anything from documents to products around the world. The class Intro To Blockchain will show you why it's important, even if you'll never have cryptocurrency in your portfolio. Blockchain Essentials will show you how to incorporate it into your financial work. Where does blockchain make sense for your organization? Where do "trustless" exchanges and smart contacts work best, and how can you get the most from them? As these technologies evolve, they'll only become more prevalent in the workplace, so learning them now will keep you a step ahead. How we insure our cars, homes, businesses, and more is increasingly technology-centered. Real-time assessments of risk, apps that centralize paperwork and policies, and speedy issuing of complicated policies are just three changes to how we're covered and how risk is assessed. Intro to InsurTech will help you see how the insurance industry is changing, and what it means to finance. In much of the world, traditional credit institutions and systems are still being designed and built. Yet smartphone networks are connecting emerging markets to established financial systems around the globe, creating a new approach to lending in emerging markets. Borrowers from these countries connect with investors and institutions that can cater to their needs more nimbly and effectively through apps and micro-investments. This training will take you through the state of the art, how it's used, and how to approach it responsibly with proper risk assessment and consideration of cultural differences. Bitcoin is fascinating, but it's heavily dependent on trade volume for its value, making it difficult to use when you want to use it as actual money. Stablecoins are designed to be used for day-to-day financial matters, resolving everything from foreign exchange issues to buying a cool T-shirt. This bootcamp will show you what they are, why they matter, and how to use them. As market competition builds, and new markets open, startups will continue to bridge the gap between giant companies and accepted practice. Intro to Startups will lay out the basics of launching a modern startup and what you should know to get your company launched and running in 2020 and beyond. FinTech is key to doing well in the markets, whether you're a small-time investor or looking to build on your finance career. And for $39.99, 97% off, this bundle is a more cost-effective approach to getting up to speed on the industry than enrolling in a variety of continuing education programs that would cover the same bases. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While the websites and social media platforms and apps we use constantly reassure us that our data's safe with them, there seem to be relentless data breaches and questionable uses of what should be private data. As we become more mobile, working remotely, and staying in touch via Zoom and other tools, privacy and protection will only become more important. Fortunately, Nord's now making it easy with 75% off a two-year subscription to its highly-rated VPN and password protection tools, defending you online for just $99.99. So what're these tools, and how do they guard your data? A virtual private network essentially puts a traffic cop between you and the rest of the internet. When you connect to a VPN, you're routing all your traffic directly to its servers and then through to the wider internet. You'd be surprised how many websites, internet service providers, and other entities will track your IP address, behavior online, and other data; when you use a VPN, all of that emanates from their server, not your device, protecting your data and also making it more difficult to attack your device. The more servers you can log into — and Nord's got over 5,500 of them as of this writing — the more difficult a user is to track over time, as well. For international travelers, it's useful for accessing the home-based services you subscribe to when you're overseas. Nord, which earned a rare "Outstanding" rating from PC Mag for its service, builds on that with other features, such as Double VPN, where you log into a second server for another layer of privacy. All traffic is secured with double data SSL-based 2048-bit encryption, and Nord doesn't keep activity logs. Just log in, pick a server, and surf with confidence. As advanced as cybersecurity technology gets, there's no getting around the fact that any technology is at its weakest where humans and devices interact. Passwords are a superb example of this: How many people do you know still have a password on a sticky note, or use their kid's birthday for it? At the same time, remembering secure passwords can be a challenge for even the most paranoid people among us. NordPass is designed to take the pain out of not just passwords but auto-fill forms, credit cards, and any other private data that you regularly use. To protect you, NordPass follows the latest in security practices and standards, including: Of course, there's more to online safety than just using the right software. Everyone should take the time to learn how social engineers get our passwords and otherwise abuse our trust, and we should be careful about what emails we open and what links we click. Yet we also can't be on red alert all the time; there are going to be days where we're tired, where our fingers outpace our brains, or when we just get fooled. That's where good online security can step up and protect us. And at just $99.99, this two-year subscription will give you powerful tools and peace of mind. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We spend much of our early lives surrounded by math, programming, logic, and other qualitative skills. But once we hit a certain age, that math takes on a certain tone, driven by spreadsheets and emails, instead of joy and creativity. What makes Brilliant, an online learning platform, so fascinating is that it brings the joy and creativity back to learning and honing your qualitative and analytical skills. Here's how Brilliant is bringing the joy back into math for adults: First and foremost, Brilliant applies the principles of active learning. You'll explore qualitative concepts by creating games and exploring them for yourself, rather than having someone dictate lessons to you. For example, in their Scientific Thinking course, you'll be introduced to the concepts by solving puzzles about how objects are reflected in a mirror. You learn the rules in a creative, hands-on manner, building upon things you already know. You'll participate in logic games to refresh your memory on the foundations of math, before moving on to new challenges. Just start where you're interested and keep going. People often view mathematics as "boring" and yet will spend hours arguing over the likelihood of who wins a football game. Aren't they actually discussing probability and mathematics all along? Brilliant puts those real-world use cases front and center. Take the football example; as any fantasy player knows, you can turn abstract data into sweet, sweet points. Brilliant uses visual quizzes with applied probability to sharpen your game. Instead of having the numbers crunched for you, or guessing, you can use the principles to give your decision making a boost. Another important aspect of life is understanding the technology that drives it. For example, algorithms are increasingly commonplace, driving your social media feeds, refining your search results, and, even making legal decisions. But how? Brilliant makes it fun to 'get your hands dirty' with algorithms, search engines, and more, helping you to understand the tools you use daily and how they work. You'll drag and drop lines of code to see how an algorithm unfolds step by step. If you're intrigued by the math, you can go even deeper. There's always plenty more to learn, whether you want to better grasp how solar panels draw power from the sun, or how your computer's memory works. Another aspect of math and science is that they're increasingly fundamental to our careers and everyday lives. Microsoft estimates that 750 million people are using Excel worldwide at the moment to work through data and crunch numbers. And even if you're not considering a career in finance, if you have money in a 401k, you'll want to know how to make the best decisions for yourself and why. Brilliant makes the core concepts easy to understand, whether you want to learn more about statistics, finance, or cryptocurrency, so you can cross-train your mind without it feeling like work. Especially if you're working in a new department or are looking to switch careers, you'll gain an edge before you even get started. Whether you'd like to understand the news, collaborate more closely with your coworkers, or just want a new challenge while exploring math and science, Brilliant makes it easy. And, if you're one of the first 200 people to join, you'll even get 20% off. You don't have to be a math whiz to know that's a steal. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In the history of personal computing, the date of October 17th, 1979, has a special significance. That's the day the first spreadsheet program for consumers, VisiCalc, went on sale and made the personal computer something every business needed. And while a lot has changed in the intervening decades, one thing hasn't: crunching the numbers, regardless of your business, is a lot easier with a computer. That makes the 2021 Advanced Data Analyst Bundle a must-buy for just $30, or 93% off the price. Here's what you get and how it can boost your career. You've probably done a little coding in Excel, punching in a simple sum function or even a few more complex equations. This course will push your skills beyond that, with 57 lectures across eight hours that dig deep into the many financial tools Excel offers, including consolidation, analysis, and reporting. If you're looking to launch a business, or need a deeper understanding of the numbers you're working with, this is the place to start. Pivot tables are practically workplace in-jokes at this point, but they serve a valuable function. A well-designed pivot table will pull out specific patterns in large sets of data that are more noticeable or relevant, allowing users to sort through what can feel like a waterfall of data. In this course, you'll learn how to structure pivot tables in Excel, how to use Excel's toolkit to quickly pull patterns out and look at them, and what each individual tool does at an advanced level. It's ideal if you're looking to build on advanced Excel skills or need to get down to the nitty-gritty of large data sets. There's more to Excel's data analysis than just pivot tables, though. This course focuses on three key tools you'll need to get the most from Excel: "BI" stands for "Business Intelligence," and Power BI is a great tool both for those who need the power of Excel's visualization features, but need them more efficiently packaged, or for those who need to create visualizations and tools quickly for an audience that may not be as handy with cells and formulas. You'll learn how Power BI handles Excel, how it creates data models, and how to use it effectively. Finally, if you know you'll be getting even deeper into data analysis and need to either code custom tools or make use of industrial-grade data crunching, this course will look at Python through the lens of data analysis, and how one of the most popular and flexible programming languages can help you wrangle data and pull the information you need from it, regardless of your prior experience with coding. As more data floods into every corner of life, we'll all need to become data analysts as we come to grips with what will become part of our daily work tasks. Get an edge on your career now, with the 2021 Advanced Data Analyst Bundle, and save 93%. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With lots of people cooped up at home, and without a lot of the usual social outlets available to them, drinking is on the rise. Given the known health issues associated with excess alcohol consumption, that's probably not a good thing. Luckily, for those looking for something better, there's Kin Euphorics, the mood-altering non-alcoholic beverages we've been waiting for. What is a euphoric? To answer that question, you really have to try one for yourself. But Kin euphorics are an ideal alternative to alcohol, thanks to their pleasant effects on mood and mind and the absence of side-effects like hangovers. All Kin euphorics offer unique effects depending on the person drinking them and the surrounding circumstances, but many satisfied Kin drinkers report enhanced social connections and cognitive abilities, greater pleasure in being around other people, and warm feelings of calm that can put most alcohol buzzes to shame. Plus, as mentioned above, Kin Euphorics absolutely, positively won’t give you any kind of blackout or hangover, which is a huge plus. Here's a breakdown of some of the drinks Kin has to offer. If you’re looking for an ideal beverage to enhance whatever socially distanced socializing you’re doing these days, Kin High Rhode might be the one. A herbaceous blend with floral and tart flavor notes, High Rhode is a versatile mixer engineered to lift your spirits and increase your social stamina. Try some, and you’ll probably experience a joyful boost to your mood, a soothing calm, and of course, as is the case with all Kin euphorics, no hangovers. Not too many of us are sleeping as well as we ought to be these days. It’s not advisable to get drunk before bed every night, but a little bit of Kin Dream Light will go down much smoother with some very pleasurable calming effects courtesy of Reishi mushroom and passion flower. Melatonin and L-theanine are mixed to help you drift peacefully into sleep without any habit-forming side effects, and flavorwise it’s earthy, smoky, and best enjoyed by the shot all on its own. If you’re looking for a euphoric to help you relax, this is almost certainly the one, as Dream Light tends to give drinkers a serene, relaxing night’s sleep, which helps lead to more energetic days. Kin’s answer to the classic Spritz is the most popular beverage in the Kin lineup. Fresh citrus, warm spice, hibiscus, and ginger make up the key ingredients of this refreshing, sparkling euphoric, which is also made to be enjoyed all on its own. Pop open a can (or two, or three) and let the good times effervesce. The most commonly reported sensations from enjoying Kin Spritz are a lifted mind with enhanced clarity and a better, faster flow of thoughts, a relaxed body with a sense of ease and calm, and a “kindred spirit” that improves your sense of connection with others. Try Kin High Rhode, Kin Dream Light, and Kin Spritz now, and see why they're a real alternative to alcoholic drinks. And sign up for a monthly subscription and save, and never worry about running low on these unique alternatives to alcohol. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re reading this right now, you probably already know that STEM education is incredibly important. Not only does it prepare children for the kinds of jobs they’ll have in our highly technological society, but studies have shown that STEM education also helps to instill traits, skills, and habits like ingenuity, problem-solving, experimentation, resilience, and teamwork. Unfortunately, it can be difficult to get kids to sit down and learn during the best of times. It’s especially difficult when you’re trying to learn at home, where the distractions are almost unlimited. So if you’re looking for science experiments for kids that will make learning fun and engaging, you need to check out this chemistry set subscription service from MEL Science. Of course, chemistry sets have obviously been around for a long time. You probably had one when you were a kid. Your parents probably had one, too. And you can still get them today. But the science experiments for kids we’re talking about here aren’t like the kind you get from the big box stores, which wind up just sitting on the closet shelf accumulating dust. MEL Science takes the chemistry set to a whole new level. When you subscribe to MEL Science, the first thing they send you is their free starter kit, which includes all the equipment you’ll need to conduct your experiments, including a borosilicate beaker and flask, safety glasses and tray, solid fuel stove, and a macro lens attachment that turns any smartphone or tablet with a camera into a microscope. After that, each month you will receive a new chemistry set with two-to-three different experiments, shipped right to your door. Each MEL Science chemistry set is designed by a team of PhDs and parents to cover a specific chemistry topic. They are all laboratory tested and completely safe for indoor use. For most experiments the recommended age is 10 and up, though for some the recommended age is 12 and up. However, children under the recommended age can still enjoy almost any experiment with the help of an adult. In all there are 24 different sets and over 70 different experiments. Most experiments contain enough materials so that they can be performed more than once. Your kids will be able to make a tin pellet grow magnetic quills, turn a cool liquid into hot ice, use electricity to grow metal trees, ignite hydrogen bubbles in a burst of flame, create liquid wires to create electrical circuits, launch their own rockets indoors, and so much more. So in other words, these are some really cool experiments. The best part about a MEL Science chemistry kit subscription is that you don’t just get experiments. Thanks to the MEL Chemistry app, you get an entire chemistry education. In addition to the starter kit and the monthly experiments, every subscription to MEL Science also includes a virtual reality headset that turns your smartphone into a virtual classroom. This headset is designed to be used with the MEL Chemistry app and allows you to immerse yourself in any substance and explore its molecular structure from the inside. Your subscription to MEL Science gives you access to over 30 different virtual reality chemistry lessons that cover a standard school chemistry curriculum. MEL Science subscriptions are available on a month-by-month basis, which you can cancel or pause at any time. However, you can also save over $40 with a prepaid 12-month subscription. If you’re looking for the perfect gift for a special kid in your life, or you’re looking for a great way to enrich someone’s remote learning experience, a subscription to MEL Science chemistry sets might be the perfect solution. Click here to learn more today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Your immune system plays a central role in your overall health and wellness. So what are you doing to make sure it has everything it needs to function at its best? Probably not a whole lot. Researchers have used cutting-edge nutritional science to create comprehensive formulas for all sorts of other wellness needs, such as building muscle, optimizing metabolism, supporting cognition. But nutritional formulas designed to support the immune system haven’t advanced much over the last 30 years. However, if you’re tired of grasping at straws—popping random vitamins, and slurping spoonfuls of herbal syrups, just hoping something helps—here’s some really good news. The team of scientists at Neurohacker Collective have created a new product called Qualia Immune. It’s a nutritional formula designed to provide comprehensive support for your immune system, so you don’t have to take a dozen different pills, vitamins, and supplements every day. (Use promo code FUTURE15 for 15-percent off your first purchase.) The human immune system is incredibly complex. That’s why providing it with comprehensive nutritional support has been so difficult. However, after pouring over all the available research and scientific literature, the scientists at Neurohacker Collective have determined that any good nutritional regimen for the immune system must do four very complex things. First, a good nutritional regimen should support immune intelligence. Believe it or not, the human immune system has a kind of intelligence. It has to constantly recognize and respond to information, both new and old. When our system encounters something, it responds with a fast-thinking and general reaction called “innate immunity”. It then draws on stored information for a more slow-thinking, specific resolution plan known as “adaptive immunity”. Second, nutrition must help counteract immunosenescence. Immunosenescence is the gradual deterioration of the immune system that occurs naturally as we age. It is a process that is particularly hard on adaptive immunity. Third, immune nutrition should support recognition of new antigens. Antigens are toxins or foreign substances. In a healthy immune system, antigens induce the production of antibodies. Fourth, and lastly, good immune nutrition should support immune tolerance. Immune tolerance is the immune system’s ability to tell the difference between the body and outside threats, and thus refrain from taking action against itself. Unfortunately, there is no magic ingredient that can accomplish all these things. Some of these needs are supported by polyphenols. Others are supported by things like algae extracts, trace minerals, probiotics, prebiotics, and beta-glucans. It requires an incredibly deep understanding of how the immune system functions to grasp how much of each ingredient is optimal and how they interact with each other. Fortunately, this is the exact sort of challenge at which Neurohacker Collective excels. For years the science and medical team at Neurohacker Collective has been at the cutting edge of nutritional science. Now they are using their renowned whole system science approach to help busy people support their immune system. After years of exhaustive research and pouring over hundreds of clinical studies on dozens of potential ingredients, they’ve arrived at the most complete nutritional formula for supporting the human immune system ever released. Qualia Immune contains 19 different ingredients that have been rigorously studied for their ability to support various aspects of the human immune system. This formula has been specifically designed to support the immune system with the complexity that it demands, maximizing the wellness of one of the most important regulatory systems in the human body. Like all of their products, Neurohacker Collective backs Qualia Immune with a 100-day money-back guarantee. If you’re not completely satisfied, simply return it for a full refund. So there’s no reason not to try the world’s most comprehensive immune support formula for yourself. Click here to order Qualia Immune, today. And as a special bonus, you use promo code FUTURE15 to get 15 percent off your first purchase. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Nikola Tesla changed the course of science with his work in electricity, which is why he has so many namesakes. Barring the car company, though, none have been as popular as the Tesla coil, which makes electricity sing. And with the oneTeslaTS DIY Kit, which is available for $399.99, 11% off its usual price, that's a literal proposition. This kit not only teaches families the basics of electricity, but it also leaves you with a unique musical instrument while doing it. First built by Tesla in 1891, the technical name for a Tesla coil is a resonant transformer circuit. These are very common circuits; you've used one if you've ever used a radio. As the name implies, it uses a coil of wire—two, in fact. The first, the primary coil, is connected to a transformer that steps up the voltage. The primary coil has a capacitor that, when it reaches a tipping point, discharges into the secondary coil, the column of the Tesla coil in this case. This capacitor fills and dumps, fills and dumps, sending current back and forth between the primary and secondary coils. At the top of the secondary coil is a top load capacitor, which, once there's enough charge, can begin sparking towards conductive surfaces across an air gap, leading to those dramatic sparks we love so much. However, that's just the start of it. The key word in the technical name here is "resonant." That means electrical energy oscillates between the inductor and the capacitor, sticking to the same frequency. Think of this as a base note the coil strikes. That frequency can be changed with an interrupter circuit without stopping the resonant process. Do it often enough, quickly enough, and energetically enough, and you can create different notes when the sparks discharge across an air gap. And, with the right controls, you can modulate how much energy is in the system so the coil sparks at the right time and in the right sequence to make it a musical instrument. Which brings us to the oneTeslaTS. While any Tesla coil can be turned into a musical instrument, this do-it-yourself coil adds some tools to make it easy to play right out of the box. So, once it's together, you can play any song you want in MIDI, even rocking out with sparks live. Just make sure everything's properly grounded and a safe distance away; there's a reason every kit comes with a high voltage warning. Tesla coils are a lot of fun; they're also often the doorway to a much deeper appreciation of electricity and engineering. Whether you want to learn more about electrical engineering as a family, or are planning your next Halloween costume already, this kit will bring hours of fun from building it to playing it. And at $399.99, 11% off the MSRP, it's a lot cheaper (and quieter) than violin lessons, to boot. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In the eighteenth century, if you wanted to learn any scientific discipline, you started with a kit. Students would visit specific shops that put together preassembled kits for everything from astronomy to geology that their teachers would walk them through, piece-by-piece and step-by-step. Since these humble beginnings, the science kit has become one of the beloved toys that launched a thousand young minds on a journey of exploration and understanding. The Mand Labs Electronic Series DIY Kit, just $145, can help launch that sense of wonder, by packing everything from simple designs to complex circuits into one handy box families can enjoy together. Active learning, that is, learning about STEM by actually doing it, is one of the fundamental principles of the KIT-1. Research has shown that jumping into a field and "getting your hands dirty," is an effective way to understand the concepts and approaches that you use on a daily basis. Just like there's only so much you can learn about music before you have to pick up an instrument or a microphone, there's been a strong push in recent years to make STEM more accessible, and that's made science kits more popular than ever. Mand Labs also pairs each experiment with videos and readings that discuss the theory behind each experiment and how it works. In fact, there's an entire curriculum tied to the kit that you can follow, each lesson building on the others. Total beginners and experienced hobbyists alike will find something to learn from going through each experiment. The KIT-1 is designed to put everything you need to begin exploring circuits and physics. Among the topics explored are: Among the projects you'll build are burglar alarms, touch-activated switches, "staircase" lighting, and H-bridge circuits, which allow DC motors to run forwards and backward and are a key part of many robotics systems. It includes all the needed tools and parts for each project, and yes, even batteries are included. Everything is carefully organized in trays you can seal to keep parts where they belong as well, and the box itself folds out into an orderly tool kit where screwdriver, pliers, and the breadboard (with its handy carrying case) are all easy to reach and use. The videos and readings are designed to limit frustration while illustrating the project, so you can prop up a tablet or a laptop and watch them at any time. Kids can learn and explore at their own pace, picking the projects they're interested in. Concepts are introduced one at a time, so as they progress through, they'll become more comfortable and familiar with components. It's easy to forget that our access to these components and the ability to build our own electronics is fading. For years, there was a parts and electronics provider in every mall and shopping center, but as the market has shifted online and home electronics have become harder to repair yourself, those providers have gone online or just disappeared altogether. Science kits not only help kids understand the principles that drive their game consoles and tablets but also give them a strong grounding in the technologies we rely on every day. For $145, the KIT-1 offers that connection and helps kids see what a future in STEM looks like. Share This Article 
Data breaches used to be the subject of dramatic Hollywood movies. Now they're just the facts of life in the 21st century, and there's more happening every day. Fortunately, protecting yourself is easy with the right tools. The Internet Privacy & Security Lifetime Bundle can help keep you safe. Here's what you get and how it works. Virtual private networks, or VPNs, help prevent tracking by giving you a secure connection to the internet. Instead of logging on directly, you go through the VPN's server to the wider internet. Attempts to track you stop at the VPN's servers, not your device, keeping private data where it belongs. Winner of BestVPN.com's 2019 Fastest VPN award, Ivacy's lifetime subscription gives you fast speed with 256-bit encryption on your traffic with fast connections to over 1,000 servers around the world. Password managers offer several layers of security and convenience. For one, you log in to the manager itself, not websites directly, so you only have to remember one password. This makes it much easier to create different passwords for each login and not worry about keeping track of them. Managers also autogenerate more secure passwords. In addition, they can keep data you use constantly, like credit card information, protected so you can quickly autofill forms, instead of saving cards on websites that can be breached. Password Boss, which has a four-star rating from PC Mag, adds some other layers of security as well. Two-factor authentication means even if your password becomes insecure, your keys are still protected. And the remote-wipe feature lets you clear data from lost phones, tablets, and computers with ease. Online file storage is useful for keeping files handy regardless of your device and for sharing files without tapping into your own drive. That said, many of these services are tied to a platform, such as Gmail, that you may not want to use, and you may need to keep some files more secure than others. ThunderDrive helps by giving you 500GB of storage with fast access, protected with 256-bit AES encryption. Whether you're using it to keep and share photos of the family or those documents for work, everything's convenient to get to even from your phone. While the debate over online advertising will never end, the reality is that online ads can be a source of security problems. "Malvertising," the practice of using online ads to attack users, is only becoming more prevalent, and the best way to protect yourself is to carefully filter those ads or simply block them all, period. AdGuard, with an "Excellent" rating from TrustPilot, combines privacy-protection tools, ad blockers, and parental control software to give you multifaceted protection. It blocks malicious sites, stalls pop-ups and other potential avenues of attack, and keeps other members of your family from falling victim to them as well. As a special bonus as part of the bundle, you'll also get Timelinr. If you've ever dealt with project planning, whether you're laying out a Thanksgiving meal or rolling out a major project, you know having a roadmap telling everyone what needs to get done when, and with who, is key. Timelinr is built to make these plans easy, giving you tools that let you create roadmaps in seconds. It lets you ditch paper lists and endless email chains in favor of a simple-to-scan tool that puts everyone on the same page. While there's no way to ensure 100% internet security, there are plenty of ways to make it harder for crooks to go after your files and identity. For just $89.99, you can throw up enough roadblocks to make thieves think twice about going after your data. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If 2020 has a symbol, it's probably the face mask. Yet while masks are highly effective tools, especially when paired with a face shield, they're not perfect. And many are hesitant to use PPE when there's even the possibility of shortages for doctors, nurses, and first responders who need it more. This is where VYZRTech's personal air purifying shield can help. Currently available for $360, it's designed to protect both you and those around you. To understand why, it's worth remembering why masks work in the first place. Many infections are communicated via respiratory droplets: When we talk, laugh, sing, or yell, we're spraying microdroplets everywhere. That's why even a simple cloth mask is so useful; it catches these droplets and keeps them from floating into the airways of other people. It's also reusable and reserves disposable PPE for those who most need it. And the more layers between you and the other person, the safer it is for them, so adding a face shield offers more protection for those around you. Paired with approaches like social distancing and staying outdoors as much as possible when out in public, it can greatly drive down the rate of infection. However, as has become clear, masks have a few drawbacks. Most masks, especially cloth masks, don't have a tight seal, making it easier for pathogens to go around the mask. And some masks may even be harmful by spreading droplet particles farther or more easily. Even touching your face may reduce the effectiveness of your mask. If you're concerned about particulate matter or pollution, there aren't many reusable options. In fact, so many disposable masks are thrown out each day, it's created an environmental crisis. Add to this the smaller day-to-day nuisances. They cover a large part of the face, making it difficult to read facial expressions and even frustrating members of the deaf community relying on lip-reading to better communicate. It can become humid behind the mask, increasing moisture on the skin and raising the chances of "maskne." And then there's that moment when you put on your mask, and your glasses fog up. None of this makes it worth not wearing a mask; it's about protecting those around you, after all. But you have to wonder if there's a better way. This personal air purifying shield was designed to address all these problems. Working together and protecting others is going to be key to ultimately bringing the world back to normal. The VYZR Air Purifying Shield helps make that happen while offering another effective tool for personal and public health. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The science of learning a new language has advanced a long, long way since you had to crack open a textbook and practice declensions. And as we tie ourselves more closely to other people and cultures, learning their language is going to be more important to daily life. The top-rated Babbel app, fortunately, makes learning a new language easy, and with a $199.99 lifetime subscription, 50% off the usual price, it's even easier. It's an investment in a lot more than understanding an unfamiliar menu. The first reason to learn a new language is practical: It's useful in your career, whether you're still in school or looking to climb the corporate ladder. As companies become more international, growing new markets, and as education goes global, being able to speak different languages and better communicate with others stands out on a resume and can help you land a higher-level, better-paying job. While translation software can help, at a professional level, there are turns of phrase, grammar rules, idioms, slang, and other day-to-day language elements that are far more nuanced than the technology can handle. Learning a language is a powerful way to connect with other people, yet that's not the only reason to pick one up. Research is pointing towards the conclusion that becoming multilingual is a workout for your mind, particularly when it comes to task-switching and attention span. This is due to how the brain handles a second language. When you use multiple languages, your brain has to "inhibit" the others, so you don't slip in some English terms in your French and make it harder to be understood. That inhibition helps keep you sharp, whether you're learning a language for the first time or looking for a workout for your mind on the job. It can even help lifelong learners keep their brains sharp. And Babbel's designed to fit into anyone's day. Babbel, which currently offers 14 languages, starts with concise lessons that are ten to fifteen minutes long, perfect for fitting into a commute, a lunch break, or your morning routine. The idea is to begin developing language skills that you can use immediately. If you're completely new, you can start with the beginner lessons, or if you're coming back to a language, you can up the challenge and get right into it. Each lesson is focused on practical topics, which both makes it useful in real life and also ties it to everyday topics that provide handy context clues, so you're never stumped on a word or a turn of phrase. You also constantly use what you learn, so your skills and vocabulary are reinforced with each lesson, a technique called immersion. Advanced speech recognition technology will help you with pronunciation, and as you practice, personalized review sessions will ensure what you pick up sticks. Nor do you have to break your streak if you forget your phone, or head somewhere without internet for a few days. Babbel's apps are available on Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android, and lessons are available to download so you can practice offline. And as your progress, it'll sync across all your devices, so if you leave your phone at work, you can still get a lesson in with your laptop or tablet. As communication networks pull us more closely together, for both business and pleasure, leaning on translation software and other tools won't cut it. For just $199, a full 50% off, you can begin exploring the languages of the world with Babbel, and build your mind and career while you're at it. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Investing in real estate has always been a great way to reduce your exposure to the volatility of the stock market. However, for a long time, it was too complicated and time-consuming for most investors. That’s not the case anymore. Today, thanks to a high-tech investing platform called Roofstock, investing in residential rental properties is as easy as investing in the stock market, and more people than ever are diversifying their portfolio by investing in real estate. What makes the single-family rental (SFR) sector such an attractive investment? Well, for starters, right now there are 16-million SFR units in the United States worth an estimated $3 trillion. So if you’re looking to invest, there’s a lot to choose from. But it’s not just the size of the market that makes SFRs a good investment. There are three other crucial factors. First, SFRs give investors two different ways to make money. Not only do they generate income every single month in the form of rent, but assuming you picked the property in the right area, its value should appreciate over time. Second, studies based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, S&P 500 returns, and U.S. Treasury returns have shown that the SFR market offers similar returns to the stock market, but with less volatility. Because people always need somewhere to live. Third, and perhaps most importantly, SFR returns are uncorrelated to the stock market, meaning they are not impacted by the same economic forces. That makes the SFR market an excellent choice for anyone who wants to diversify their investments and hedge against market downturns. In the past, investing in SFR was really difficult. First you’d have to do all sorts of research and go hunting for a property that’s right for you, whether it was a house, apartment building, or condominium. And of course, you were pretty much limited to properties that were close to where you live. Then you’d have to secure financing, buy the property, and navigate the closing process. Then you’d have to find a tenant and either manage the property yourself or find someone to do it for you. So in short, real estate required a lot of time and effort that most people just did not have. But that was then. Today, thanks to Roofstock, buying investing in real estate via residential rental properties is as easy as buying stocks and bonds with an online account. Roofstock was founded in 2015 with the stated goal of making investing in single-family rental properties “radically simple.” To do this they built a comprehensive online platform that streamlines the entire transaction process and gives investors powerful tools to make smart decisions. When you use Roofstock to invest in real estate, you shop for and purchase single-family rental properties through their online marketplace. Their inventory is curated using powerful AI analytics, and the properties are located all over the country. Every single listing has a “neighborhood score,” a proprietary metric developed by Roofstock that indicates the livability and value of a particular area. Each listing also includes important financial, quantitative, and qualitative data that you previously had to pull together from a variety of sources. That means you can live in Wyoming and shop for investment properties in Myrtle Beach without having to leave your living room. When you find a property you like, you bid on it through Roofstock. If the bid is accepted they guide you through escrow and closing. Don’t want to manage the property yourself, but don’t know where to begin when it comes to hiring a property manager? Roofstock can hook you up with one of their preferred property managers. Most of the properties available in the Roofstock marketplace already have tenants, which means they will start generating income as soon as you take ownership. However, for vacant properties Roofstock offers what they call a “Lease Up Guarantee.” If you buy a rent-ready property and don’t secure a lease within 45 days of closing, Roofstock will cover rent for up to a year. That’s not the only guarantee Roofstock offers, either. Believe it or not, they also give you a 30-day money back guarantee on the purchase of any property. If you are not satisfied with your purchase, all you have to do is contact Roofstock within 30 days of closing, and they will start the refund process. If you’ve been thinking of investing in real estate, but weren’t sure you wanted to deal with the hassle of buying properties and becoming a landlord, you need to take a look at Roofstock. They have created a one-of-a-kind, one-stop online platform that simplifies researching, buying, financing, and managing residential rental properties. There are no geographical barriers, and all properties are pre-selected for their ability to generate income. Plus you get access to powerful analytic tools plus support from a team of experts throughout the process. So don't wait. Click here get started with Roofstock, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everyone knows Black Friday is the best time to get the deepest discounts on whatever holiday gifts you’re looking to score. This year, with online shopping likely to be at an all-time high, the online discounts are going to be even harder to navigate than usual — which is why Futurism’s favorite Black Friday deals are here to separate the signal from the noise. Futurism’s Black Friday favorites will make finding the right Black Friday deals easier than ever. and best of all, they're already live, so you don't even have to wait. We’re supposed to be avoiding large crowds right now, so the conventional “Doorbuster” approach should probably be skipped. Fortunately, that doesn’t mean that you have to skip the Black Friday discount deluge altogether. Check out Futurism’s list of the best of the best in early Black Friday deals — deals that are already live for the taking, to be clear — right now. If you or anyone you know is interested in getting healthier in 2021, a Viome Precision Health Plan is an ideal purchase. The Inclusive Annual Plan includes everything under the Viome umbrella, like Viome Health Intelligence and Precision Supplements, that come together to optimize your health and fitness. KIIROO is the number-one brand in interactive sex toys. And they’re going all-out for Black Friday and Cyber Monday, with up to 70-percent off some of their best products and product bundles. Head over to their special discount page and get what you can while prices are at their lowest. 2020 has probably been the most germ-conscious year of our lives. If you’re ready to say goodbye to bacteria and other microbes living in your sheets and towels, you need Miracle Brand. Miracle products are woven with antimicrobial silver fibers that halts the growth of 99 percent of microbes in its tracks, so they stay cleaner longer than any traditional sheets, towels, or washcloths. Use the code EARLY15 for 15 percent off everything on the Miracle Brand site. If you want the best in internet security and privacy, a virtual private network by NordVPN will allow you to use the Internet with peace of mind. It helps keep your data and information safe from any prying eyes, including marketers and your own Internet Service Provider. Neurohacker products are some of the most advanced formulas on the market, from nootropics to immune system support. And with their impressive array of Black Friday discounts, you can save as much as $100 on whatever Neurohacker supplements or products are best for you. Recoop is another great supplement brand that’s going all-out for Black Friday. They’re offering discounts on their best-selling Wellness Set, an all-inclusive collection of balance and recovery supplements designed for use before, during, and after stimulants. And while you’re there, you can also check out Recoop’s daily Immunity supplement, too. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There's nothing like the power of flight to make kids (and adults) fall in love with STEM. These ten DIY drones from Force Flyers will get you in the air and flying fast, with themes for every family to enjoy. They are, truly, the perfect complement to any building block sets or drones you already own. All these drones charge easily off USB and can fly for up to 12 minutes on a charge, with digital proportional control for precise flying, automatic hover, a 6-axis gyroscope for smooth flight, and a maximum flight range of 246 feet. Ever wanted to make your building block sets fly? This DIY drone kit has everything you need to get into the air. It's particularly good for older kids who want to get right into the science of drones. Already available for $34.99, use the coupon code BFSAVE20 to get your own for just $27.99! For the racing fan in your life, this racing platform is built for speed, style, and fun. Build any racer on top with the building block sets you already own, and see just how fast your imagination can go! Usually $34.99, you can put this racer in your bay for $27.99 with the coupon code BFSAVE20 for 20% off. If you've already built your dream space flyer, this platform will help it launch. Just click it together and blast off! With the coupon code BFSAVE20 at checkout, get an out-of-this-world price of $27.99, compared to the usual $34.99 First responders are endlessly fascinating to kids, and now you can make that imaginary helicopter racing to the rescue a real one. Use the coupon code BFSAVE20 at checkout to take flight for $27.99, a $7 savings off the already discounted $34.99 price. Already built a fire truck with your kids? Give it wings with this drone platform. You can also rescue some savings with the coupon code BFSAVE20, adding flight for just $27.99. What's a battle between army men and rubber monsters without some air support? Liftoff with a 20% discount off the sale price of $34.99, with the coupon code BFSAVE20 at checkout, to get this platform for just $27.99. Spaceships are always powered by imagination, but this drone platform can give your favorite building-block ship a little more warp power. Already 12% off, at $34.99, use the coupon code BFSAVE20 to jump to hyperspace for just $27.99. Blast across the snowy tundra with this platform for your favorite snow speeder. But you won't have to trip up the bad guys for savings, just use the coupon code BFSAVE20 to get this platform for $27.99, $7 off the already discounted price of $34.99. What's a space force if it doesn't have space pirates to fight? This drone platform for your favorite building block pirates is just $27.99 with the coupon code BFSAVE20 at checkout, from the sale price of $34.99. Every space battle needs a commander, and you can put yours in the air with this building block flying platform. With the coupon code BFSAVE20, you can launch for $27.99, saving $7 off the already-discounted price of $34.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As the holidays near closer and closer, you are likely finding yourself in one of two situations: either you're on the hunt for the perfect gift or you're in need of a little bit of entertainment while you're cooped up indoors. No matter your holiday setup, these kits and projects are sure to bring joy to your holiday season. SunFounder Nano DIY 4-DOF Robot Kit  This robotics learning kit is perfect for any coder, whether novice or experienced. You can program this robot with the Nano board or an Arduino Nano to make it walk, kick, or even dance. Get the SunFounder Nano DIY 4-DOF Robot Kit for $37.56 (reg. $59) with promo code BFSAVE20. CrowPi Raspberry Pi Accessory Kit  This sweet kit lets you immerse yourself in the world of Raspberry Pi with a kit you can take anywhere, including a motor, receiver, buttons, and more DIY components to help you get your feet wet with coding. It even has a built-in touchscreen and camera! Get the CrowPi Raspberry Pi Accessory Kit for $176.79 (reg. $239) with promo code BFSAVE20. Arduino Automatic Smart Plant Watering Kit 2.0  Keep your plants hydrated while you dabble in DIY electronics with this Arduino automatic plant watering kit, which helps you deliver the perfect amount of water to up to 4 plants at a time, monitoring your plants' moisture levels and watering them accordingly. Get the Arduino Automatic Smart Plant Watering Kit 2.0 for $55.99 (reg. $69) with promo code BFSAVE20. Elecrow Raspberry Pi 3 Starter Kit  This kit features a Raspberry Pi 3B+, LCD touchscreen, WiFi adapter, and more to help you build a device that will help you browse the web with ease. Get the Elecrow Raspberry Pi 3 Starter Kit for $87.19 (reg. $108) with promo code BFSAVE20. Crowtail NodeMCU Internet of Things Kit  This kit is an absolute must for anyone looking to build their own electronics with a Crowtail interface and a detailed guide book, featuring 19 lessons. Get the Crowtail NodeMCU Internet of Things Kit for $71.99 (reg. $89) with promo code BFSAVE20. Crowtail Starter Kit for Micro:bit 2.0  The BBC Micro:bit is a pocket-sized computer that can create everything from robots to musical instruments with minimal coding. Get started with this kit. Get the Crowtail Starter Kit for Micro:bit 2.0 for $71.99 (reg. $89) with promo code BFSAVE20. SunFounder Robotic Arm Edge Kit for Arduino  The Rollarm Kit for Arduino helps DIY electronics hobbyists learn arm control. Pretty sweet, huh? Get the SunFounder Robotic Arm Edge Kit for Arduino for $43.99 (reg. $69) with promo code BFSAVE20. Circuit Scribe: DIY Circuit Kits Explore circuit concepts and build exciting models with this DIY kit of pens, modules, and a helpful instructional booklet. Get the Circuit Scribe: DIY Circuit Kits for $26.39 (reg. $58) with promo code BFSAVE20. Crowtail STEAM Educational Basic Starter Kit (with Microbit Board and Tutorial)  This kit is a great way to build innovative projects with Micro:bit so you can really hone your programming skills. Get the Crowtail STEAM Educational Basic Starter Kit (with Microbit Board and Tutorial)  for $52.79 (reg. $74) with promo code BFSAVE20. 7" Capacitive Touch Screen with 2MP Camera for Raspberry Pi 2/3B/3B+ This portable 1024x600 HDMI screen works as a PC monitor and lets you take photos and videos with a simple touch. It's ready for anything. Get the 7" Capacitive Touch Screen with 2MP Camera for Raspberry Pi 2/3B/3B+ for $55.99 (reg. $79) with promo code BFSAVE20. DIY Drone Builder Kit  Yep, you read that right. This awesome kit helps you build and fly your own drone. You won't be able to put it together fast enough. Get the DIY Drone Builder Kit for $23.98 (reg. $99) with promo code BFSAVE20. SparkMaker Original SLA 3D Printer Starter Bundle  This affordable, foolproof 3D printer creates smooth, high-resolution models using SLA and UV LCD resins. Get the SparkMaker Original SLA 3D Printer Starter Bundle for $155.99 (reg. $320) with promo code BFSAVE20. BONDIC® Starter Kit + Extra Refill We've talked about BONDIC before, but it's an absolute must for any builder. This product is a liquid plastic that hardens only when you need it to. Bid adieu to glue. Get the BONDIC® Starter Kit + Extra Refill for $11.99 (reg. $24) with promo code BFSAVE20. DIY Coding Kit for Ages 8 to 12 Let your kids learn and play simultaneously with this STEM learning coding kit with all the fundamentals. Get the DIY Coding Kit for Ages 8 to 12 for $43.98 (reg. $99) with promo code BFSAVE20. DIY Robot Curiosity Kit for Ages 8 to 10 This curiosity kit includes all the essentials to learn robotic technologies, with projects to develop and design. Get the DIY Robot Curiosity Kit for Ages 8 to 10 for $55.98 (reg. $119) with promo code BFSAVE20. DIY Robotic Art Kit for Ages 6 to 9 This kit is perfect for the little ones with curious minds and building hands. Get the DIY Robotic Art Kit for Ages 6 to 9 for $23.98 (reg. $69) with promo code BFSAVE20. Ringo DIY Mobile Phone Kit + Tools This Kickstarter-funded kit lets your kids make their own mobile phone complete with apps, games, and universal network compatibility. Get the Ringo DIY Mobile Phone Kit + Tools for $143.96 (reg. $194) with promo code BFSAVE20. SunFounder PiCar-V Kit V2.0 for Raspberry Pi 4 Unleash your child's inner inventor with this STEM learning kit, complete with components, tools, and a coding template to build a car camera robot. Get the SunFounder PiCar-V Kit V2.0 for Raspberry Pi 4 for $83.96 (reg. $115) with promo code BFSAVE20. DIY 3D Wood Craft Jigsaw Puzzle Kit This eco-friendly, educational, and easy DIY mechanical puzzle requires no glue or nails and is endless fun. Get the DIY 3D Wood Craft Jigsaw Puzzle Kit for $12.76 (reg. $24) with promo code BFSAVE20. Magic Voodoo Bots PCB Construction Set (Toolkit Not Included) This Kickstarter and Indiegogo funded DIY robot set will help you have fun while learning hardware and electrical engineering skills. Get the Magic Voodoo Bots PCB Construction Set (Toolkit Not Included) for $47.96 (reg. $99) with promo code BFSAVE20. Silver Bullet Metal DIY Model Kit  Perfect for any car lover, you can build this model that is aerodynamic, historical, retro, and complete with tools! Get the Silver Bullet Metal DIY Model Kit for $43.96 (reg. $54) with promo code BFSAVE20. Autonomous Vehicle Kit  Tickle your child's imagination and fire their problem-solving skills with this comprehensive DIY vehicle project set, with artificial intelligence technology. Get the Autonomous Vehicle Kit for $159.98 (reg. $249) with promo code BFSAVE20. oneTesla TS DIY Musical Coil Kit  This is a must-have gift for any science fanatic: the most robust Tesla coil that will drop jaws, shoot 2-foot lightning, and play music using high voltage. Get the oneTesla TS DIY Musical Coil Kit for $399.99 (reg. $449) with promo code BFSAVE20. Mand Labs Electronic Series DIY Kit  This kit will have your kids learning STEM through over 50 DIY projects, from the fundamentals of electricity to advanced concepts. Get the Mand Labs Electronic Series DIY Kit  for $115.96 (reg. $149) with promo code BFSAVE20. Nibble: Educational DIY Game Console for Ages 9+  Education? Gaming? Yep! This kit lets you build your own console and code your own games. Get the Nibble: Educational DIY Game Console for Ages 9+ for $63.96 (reg. $79) with promo code BFSAVE20. WiFi Digital Microscope This amazing gadget connects to your phone, tablet, or computer to view the miniature world on a bigger screen! Get the WiFi Digital Microscope for $44.76 (reg. $69) with promo code BFSAVE20. Robotime 3D Wooden DIY Puzzle Toy    A must for any dinosaur lover, this puzzle toy will help any child work on building and then enjoying the beautiful, sturdy toy for lots of fun. Get the Robotime 3D Wooden DIY Puzzle Toy for $27.99 (reg. $40) with promo code BFSAVE20. Prices subject to change.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In 2018, over 2.5 billion accounts fell victim to hackers who were able to not only break in but also glean information on their IP, user ID, encrypted password, personalization data, recent activity, and a whole host of private information. As we continue to be digitally-dependent, this threat is bound to rise. Contrary to what you might think, there's no such thing as true privacy on the Internet, and that's especially true when you log into public WiFi networks. VPNs or virtual private networks help to make browsing safer on both public and private connections by encrypting your personal data—credit cards, user name, passwords, and all—and shading your location. Pair them with a password manager and you've got all the foundations of secure browsing. These 25 Black Friday deals on password managers and VPN services are an extra 40 percent off for a limited time when you use coupon code BFSAVE40. We all know by now that using one password for all your accounts isn't a great idea. But having to remember long, unique strings of characters for each online bank, email, online shopping account isn’t going to happen. Like Sticky Password, password managers can help by creating hard-to-guess passwords full of random characters and then auto-filling them on appropriate sites with biometric authentication or one master password.   Password Boss Premium's lifetime subscription allows you to manage your login credentials across your smartphone, desktop, laptop, tablet, and other devices with unlimited access. All you need to do is remember one master password, and then all of your unique account logins will autofill across websites. As simple as that.  For just $12, you can browse with peace of mind for years to come. VPNSecure encrypts your traffic to aid against hackers, delivers unlimited bandwidth, and allows you to bypass geolocation blocks on your favorite sites and streaming content. The service has been rated four out of five stars from the likes of vpnMentor, VPN Analysis, and Best VPN, three sites that are dedicated to reviewing and vetting virtual private networks.  NordVPN is among the top services you can shop now. It has thousands of positive reviews for its double encrypted technology, with one current user noting, “In this day and age, the most important thing is security on the internet. I use the net a lot in airports, overseas, and in other public locations. The security NordVPN offers makes the inconvenience acceptable."  This Australian-based VPN makes safeguarding your data easy. It can mask your browsing movements and bypass geographical restrictions for those local to Australia or living internationally. A lifetime subscription to the service for one device is currently on sale for over 90% off.  With Ivacy VPN, you get so much more than just encrypted browsing. It can also help you enjoy buffer-free HD movies, TV shows, and sporting events streaming from over a hundred locations around the globe. It's a must-have for any streaming buff looking for new content to enjoy.  Now you can protect up to 10 of your devices with bank-level, military-grade encryption for just 18 bucks. And in the case of emergencies, VeePN ups the ante with its protective features, allowing users to turn on a kill switch that can cut off connections to your device, protecting your data despite unstable connection.  Netflix is smart at blocking any other country's streaming library away from your view. But BulletVPN is smarter. With it, you can access thousands of unique titles from Netflix, Hulu, BBC iPlayer, Amazon Prime Video, and DAZN, giving you tenfold more options for your next movie night.  After the Disconnect VPN blocks trackers and malware across your device, you'll be able to browse 44% faster and use up 39% bandwidth (making your battery life last longer). And that's all while encrypting your internet connection so prying eyes can't access your data. No wonder it won the Innovation Award at the SXSW Interactive Conference.    When it's safe to travel again, you will be out of the state (or country) as often as possible. That means working remotely from coffee shops, airports, and other places where free WiFi is offered. To ensure you stay safe online no matter where you are, ensure you have a service like SlickVPN installed on your devices before your flight. This keeps you and your data anonymous so that if a hacker gets access to your information, it will all be a jumbled, encrypted mess. Customers even vouch that it is a "Great VPN with fast speeds and good and quick customer support. SlickVPN is a promising VPN and is easy to use." Windows, iOS, Mac OS, and Android users can all enjoy the benefits of the Seed4.Me VPN. And since this service boasts unlimited device access, your family's devices, computers, smartphones, and all, are fully protected.  KeepSolid's VPN Unlimited (now on sale for $19.97) has protected over 10 million customers globally when they online bank, shop, or simply watch Netflix. It has even been praised by critics, too, with both Tech.Co and VPN Special giving it their backing. And considering a lifetime subscription of this fan-favorite encrypted service typically costs $199, this Black Friday markdown is a complete steal.  Logs are anything online that could be tied to your identity. That’s why you want a VPN that maintains a zero-log policy (like the KeepSolid VPN Unlimited). You'll be able to browse, stream, and communicate without fear that your data is being sold to third parties, like advertisers.  Apple device owners can benefit from the WifiMask's three-year subscription, which blocks intrusive ads, prevents against digital threats like cryptocurrency mining, and ensures you don't fall victim to phishing schemes — all for $24.  NordPass follows the latest industry-standard practices for password creation, remembering, and autosaving complex character strings across all your go-to sites. Simply put, it takes out all the hard, manual work out of the equation.  AES-256 bit encryption is an algorithm used by governments, financial institutions, military applications, and the Cyclonis Password Manager. This ultra-safe app keeps all of your credentials in an encrypted vault. Add two-factor authentication to the mix, and you've got an even more secure hub to store your personal details.  The wrong VPN service can slow down your browsing experience to the point where you'll likely consider not running it at all. Luckily that's not the case with this protective app, which boasts lightning-fast browsing speeds as you use it. Plus, right now, users can get two-year access to the VPN for over $250 off.  With one-click operation, you'll be able to log onto your Lightyear VPN with no additional configuration in a matter of seconds. That means less time wasted logging into your VPN service and more time you can enjoy safe, encrypted web surfing.  Rated "Excellent" on Trustpilot by hundreds of users, encrypt.me's three-year subscription is now on sale for over $200 off. As one current user exclaims, "I feel much safer now that I have Encrypt.me. With the incredible increase in hacking, I feel much more confident if I have to use my computer or iPhone in places other than at home."  Deal alert: The Goose VPN two-year subscription is now on sale for $11.99, one of the best prices we've seen yet. Normally, a VPN of this caliber would run you $349, so we'd suggest running, not walking, to this Black Friday deal.  Since 2005, customers rely on personalVPN (an enterprise-grade service) to hide their IP address, browsing activity, and any other identifiable information. This is all thanks to its proprietary super-optimized FreeBSD bare metal servers, which boasts the stability, security, and high-speed streaming technology used by Netflix and WhatsApp’s likes.  With no censorship or bandwidth limits, you can enjoy all the content you want by using the MaxiVPN, now on sale for over 95% off. And at just 7 bucks, it is the most affordable option on our list.  True to its name, Speedify helps accelerate speeds on downloads, video streams, and website loading pages. That's all in addition to its zero-logging policy, which prevents sharing any personal information with third parties.  Hop aims to simplify the process of connecting to an Internet-routing VPN access point by cutting out third-party VPNs and ensuring your connection gets channeled to your home-based Hop server. This Black Friday, a lifetime subscription to Hop is on sale for over 75% off. "Enpass has finally made me feel comfortable enough to actually forget all my passwords. I changed all of my online accounts to passwords I don’t know. Every account is different, and super long and complex. I just autofill with the browser plugin or copy and paste from the main app or mobile app." Not too shabby for a $9 password manager, if you ask us.  Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
You can learn an incredible new skill (or a few) before making your New Year's resolutions is even a thing. Whether you want to jumpstart a new career or start a new hobby, these e-learning bundles and courses are the perfect things to hunker down with over the winter. During this early Cyber Monday sale, you can use coupon code CMSAVE70 to get an extra 70% off at checkout.  If you've always dreamed of developing your own video game, this bundle is your best bet. It includes four courses and 44 hours of training in the Unity Engine and C# programming fundamentals. There are even lessons that home your newfound C# programming skills with intermediate concepts like class inheritance, abstract classes, and interfaces. Buy now: Get The Official Unity Game Development Bundle for $7.50 (reg. $800) with CMSAVE70. Developing a reading list sounds great — until it's time to actually tackle it. Make the best use of your limited time and learn speed reading techniques with this six-course bundle. You'll be more productive, retain memories better and of course, improve your reading speed and cognition. Buy now: Get The Speed Reading Mastery Bundle for $6.30 (reg. $1,200) with CMSAVE70. The Android platform is widely used worldwide. This five-course bundle shows you how you can develop a modern Android app using Jetpack and Kotlin. This bundle also includes courses that show you how to build a Tinder clone and Twitter-like app for Android. Buy now: Get The Android Jetpack & App Development Certification Bundle for $8.70 (reg. $1,000) with CMSAVE70. You can have a stable career in database administration by learning the courses offered in this bundle. It offers up courses in SQL Lite, Microsoft SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Rest API, and Oracle SQL. You'll learn to create databases and tables, add data, sort data, create reports, pull specific data, and much more. Buy now: Get The Ultimate SQL Bootcamp Certification Bundle for $6.30 (reg. $1,200) with CMSAVE70. If you want to create visual content professionally, you need to know the Adobe Creative Suite inside out. This eight-course bundle covers all things Photoshop, whether you're interested in photography or graphic work. You'll learn to create professional, beautiful images you can sell commercially. Buy now: Get The Adobe Photoshop Creative Cloud Certification Bundle for $10.20 (reg. $1,600) with CMSAVE20. Designers looking to build comprehensive skills around a toolkit should look to this bundle as a reference. It includes courses covering JavaScript, HTML5, Photoshop, Adobe Spark, and more. You'll learn how to use these tools for everything from web development to design — perfect if you're looking to start a web design side hustle. Buy now: Get The Complete 2020 Learn to Design Certification for $11.70 (reg. $2,000) with CMSAVE70. If you want a career in IT, earning the necessary CompTIA certifications gives you the essential skills you need to be successful and opens doors to new employment opportunities. These 14 courses cover everything you'd want to be certified for — whether that's hardware basics and troubleshooting or software installation and security. Buy now: Get The Complete 2020 CompTIA Certification Training Bundle for $20.70 (reg. $3,486) with CMSAVE70. If you want to learn to code, start here: this nine-course bundle features lessons from top web instructors Rob Percival and John Elder. Lessons include the benefits of SQL, game development with C#, web development with PHP, and more — you can dive right into hands-on lessons and figure out which programmatic path is best for you. Buy now: Get The 2020 Learn to Code Full Stack Developer Certification Bundle for $11.70 (reg. $1,650) with CMSAVE70. Instead of just watching DJ live streams, you could start one yourself with this bundle. These nine courses teach you songwriting, recording, production, and distribution techniques using the music software Ableton and Logic Pro X. You'll start mixing and mastering your own hit tracks in no time. Buy now: Get The Premium DJing & Music Production Bootcamp Ft. Ableton + Logic Pro X for $15 (reg. $1,791) with CMSAVE70. Alan Jarvis demystifies Microsoft Excel for absolutely anyone in this ten-course bundle, including 43 hours of instruction covering the most basic organizational functions to more advanced data and analytics skills. Once you take these courses, you'll revolutionize your Excel workflow — you'll even learn to automate the most repetitive data administration tasks. Buy now: Get The Premium A to Z Microsoft Excel Bundle Ft. Alan Jarvis & Chris Dutton for $12 (reg. $1,732) with CMSAVE70. Start your career as an in-demand cloud wizard with this AWS-focused bundle. It includes lessons covering all the cloud essentials, including networking, deployment, databases, and the 100 services available in the AWS platform. Buy now: Get The All-Level AWS Cloud Professional Bootcamp for $10.50 (reg. $1,200) with CMSAVE70. Do you love the idea of building things but get intimidated when reviewing advanced mathematics? Let this bundle be your guide: it includes 60+ hours of learning in algebra, statistics, and calculus. It's what you need to build a strong foundation before moving on to the more advanced concepts that engineering requires. Buy now: Get The Mathematics for Engineers Prep Bundle for $8.70 (reg. $1,195) with CMSAVE70. Out of all the fascinating tech careers out there, ethical hacking (also known as pentesting) makes a compelling case for being the most exciting. This ten-course bundle includes 98 hours of training that decodes hacker behavior (literally) and shows you how to protect companies against their attacks. It also features ethical hacking content from top instructors Joe Parys and more. Buy now: Get The Ultimate 2020 White Hat Hacker Certification Bundle for $11.97 (reg. $1,375) with CMSAVE70. AI and Machine Learning are the latest wave of tech innovations to dominate the space — and this bundle will show you the ins and outs of being a data scientist and how to solve complex queries. You'll learn complex theories, algorithms, and coding libraries in a simple way that you can start to apply to more complicated challenges. Buy now: Get The Ultimate Artificial Intelligence Scientist Certification Bundle for $10.50 (reg. $799) with CMSAVE70. Java is one of the leading programming languages for developers to learn — and this ten-course, 230-lesson bundle will show you how to master it. You'll learn to write a Java program, write useful Java classes, and apply concepts into practice. Buy now: Get The 2020 Java Bootcamp Bundle for $10.80 (reg. $990) with CMSAVE70. Play an instrumental part in the infrastructure of spaces and cities with this electrical engineering certification bundle. You'll start with basic concepts like voltage and power before learning power electronics mechanics and more. It's a comprehensive training on electric circuits, machines, power generation, and more. Buy now: Get The Electrical & Circuits Engineering Certification Bundle for $18 (reg. $1,287) with CMSAVE70. If you're an aspiring marketer or budding entrepreneur, this bundle focused on Google AdWords and SEO will show you how you can get more eyes on your product or service through advertising and organic web traffic. There's even a course where you can watch over instructor Joshua George's shoulder and see how to implement everything he's teaching. Buy now: Get The Ultimate Google Ads & SEO Certification Bundle for $15 (reg. $1,791) with CMSAVE70. This Cisco-focused training helps you ace the Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) IPv4, Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician (CCENT), Cisco ICND2 200-105 exam, and more. You can develop and then test the skills you've learned with 80 hours of training on everything from routing protocols to networks, troubleshooting, and more. Buy now: Get The Certified Cisco Power User Bundle for $12 (reg. $995) with CMSAVE70. If you're familiar with Raspberry Pi you know it packs in the best electronics, programming, and robotics capabilities into one little package. Your imagination is all that limits you — and this huge 15-course bundle shows you innumerable applications you can play around with using Raspberry Pi, Python, and ROS2. Buy now: Get The Ultimate Raspberry Pi & ROS Robotics Developer Super Bundle for $15 (reg. $2,391) with CMSAVE70. Right in time for the iPhone 12 release, this three-course bundle includes everything you need to know to master SwiftUI — the platform you use to develop on iOS 14. It includes 43 hours of content on developing Apple Apps and widgets, all using five times less code than previous programming paradigms. You can take these courses and start building apps in as little as two weeks. Buy now: Get The iOS 14 & SwiftUI Bootcamp Bundle for $7.50 (reg. $600) with CMSAVE70. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Last year's Cyber Monday Mac bundle had over 100 five-star reviews, and it's back this year with twelve new apps, two-lifetime subscriptions for services you normally have to pay for month by month, and a little something for everyone from coders to gamers to designers to casual Mac users. The collection was already on sale for $69.99, or less than the cost of Parallels Pro, but with the coupon code CMSAVE40, you can get it for just $41.99. The bundle, which is only live for the next three weeks, features: Parallels Pro (MSRP: $99.99): The premiere software for running Windows on a Mac, Parallels is ideal for people working, or playing, in two separate OSes. It's also helpful for anyone who needs to work in one environment while using another for their personal time, whether you're gaming on Windows and working on Mac; need to use Windows for work and don't want to bring two laptops with you when you're remote; or just need to use both environments for your projects. Luminar 4 (MSRP: $79.99): Luminar uses AI to automatically tweak, adjust, and edit your photos. Use it on individual photographs to give them a personal touch, or have it batch-process an entire shoot. It works on its own or as a plug-in to your favorite photo editor. GooseVPN Lifetime Subscription (MSRP: $499): A virtual private network is crucial to working remotely, and browsing the internet, safely. Goose protects your privacy and prevents throttling, so you can access your services wherever you go with no interruption. uTalk Lifetime Subscription (MSRP: $84): This language learning app is designed to teach you how to speak another language your way, using total immersion and real-life examples from native speakers, accessible from any platform, any time. PDFpenPro (MSRP $129.95): Sign documents, correct errors, turn webpages into PDFs, and even build your own forms and fillable documents with this powerful PDF editor. BusyCal 3 (MSRP: $49.99): Between work and private life, many of us have multiple calendars across multiple services. BusyCal puts them all in one place, using smart filters and a collection of different views to keep you on track. Screen Recorder 2021 (MSRP: $39.95): Recording instructional videos or documenting what you're doing for your team has never been easier with this screen recording software. eDraw MindMaster (MSRP: $129.99): Mind maps are powerful communications and productivity tools, and MindMaster helps you lay one out and export it to PowerPoint with ease. Gemini 2 (MSRP: $39.90): You probably have duplicate files on your Mac; photos with a slightly different name, copies of the same document, and so on. Gemini finds the duplicates, and if you don't need them, wipes them off your drive to free up space. Dropzone 4 Pro (MSRP: $35): Are your files scattered across a bunch of clouds? Dropzone consolidates them all into one place, making it easy to share, move, sort, and copy; plus it comes with a scripting API to let you customize it to your needs. Forklift 3 (MSRP: $49.95): ForkLift is a dual-pane file manager built to handle FTP, SFTP, Amazon S3, and other professional file-sharing systems in a familiar, fast, and easy-to-use workflow. Art Text 4 (MSRP: $29.99): This graphic design software is built to make text effects and typography graphics as simple as tapping at your keyboard, whether you're designing logos or jazzing up your website. Remember, you've only got a few weeks to get all twelve of these top-rated Mac apps. Valued at $1266, you can save an extra 40 percent on the sale price of $69.99, dropping it to $41.99 for a limited time when you use code CMSAVE40 at checkout. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As artificial intelligence gets more powerful, it can give artists tools to create brand new mediums. That was certainly the case with the high tech music duo DADABOTS, who earlier this year used a neural net to create a bizarre approximation of Frank Sinatra singing "Toxic" by Britney Spears. The musical fusion was unsettling and delightful. Sounding neither quite like Sinatra nor Spears, it genuinely seemed as though the neural net had created something brand new. But then, with no warning, YouTube took it down — sucking the AI-created ditty into the bureaucratic world of automated copyright disputes. "We're all really curious what this means for algorithmic music," CJ Carr, one of the two members of DADABOTS, told Futurism when the song first got removed. "Are we on the frontlines of legitimate creative fair use? Are we the canary in the coal mine? Or is this still just a wide-open gray area for the future to delineate?" DADABOTS decided to fight the takedown and soon found legal help from attorney Emily Friedman and law student Benjamin McLain, AI copyright experts at the legal firm Lockett Brown who took the job on a pro bono basis. The situation was unusual. To create the song, DADABOTS had used Jukebox, a neural net developed by OpenAI that was trained on thousands and thousands of songs that could either compose new tracks in an artist's voice and style or blend performers and genres together. Somehow, YouTube decided that either Frank Sinatra or Britney Spears had legal claim to the algorithm's creation, putting DADABOTS in the middle of a messy legal question about algorithmic art and media. Specifically, YouTube had hit the video with a "copyright strike." That means someone had complained — and YouTube decided that DADABOTS had uploaded someone else's property, removing the video instantly. It was a bit unclear who exactly had complained, though. Logically, it was probably by someone acting on behalf of either Sinatra or Spears. But in the baroque system of online copyright management, nothing is that simple. The strike itself had been filed by an anti-piracy firm called GrayZone Inc. But GrayZone never acknowledged Futurism's repeated request for comment. Neither did Michael Erlinger Jr., the lawyer who handles copyright infringement for the Sinatra Estate, nor Samuel Ingham, Britney Spears' personal attorney. Sony Music, which owns the label to the Britney Spears album containing "Toxic," denied any involvement with the strike or knowledge of the new monetization arrangement. YouTube's legal team declined to comment or answer questions. Friedman and McLain hypothesize that GrayZone automatically scraped YouTube for potential violations and decided the song infringed on Sinatra's intellectual property, making this a legal battle initiated by, fought over — and, for all we know — decided by algorithms. "I imagine GrayZone's model is to blindly send out takedowns knowing most people don't refute them," Carr told Futurism. "Bots versus bots! Sinatra has no copyright on what we made; it's merely 'in the style' of Sinatra which is not an infringeable offense." "Even if the courts were to find it to be a non-literal copy of a Sinatra song, it's a transformative machine learning product used for nonprofit educational purposes, so it's protected by fair use," Carr added. Despite its unusual nature, the legal team approached the case as they would any other. "There's always the case in law where you can look at previous decisions that have been made and find it in some way analogous, but there's never been anything like this before," Friedman told Futurism. "As we formulated our arguments, I don't think we ever said 'Oh there's this really similar issue we can copy.'" Thankfully, her and McLain's arguments didn't focus on the nature of AI, the novelty of Jukebox, or technology at all. Their case hinged on the song itself — the way it was composed was irrelevant. "Essentially what it all came down to was just applying fair use," Friedman said. "When you remove the fact that it's this machine learning-generated content, whether or not that's the case, you can apply fair use to this." Friedman and McLain prepared a legal argument that the song constituted fair use of the human artists' work, and DADABOTS uploaded it to YouTube's appeals platform. The argument convinced YouTube to reverse its decision, and it restored the video. Finally, in early November, DADABOTS got notice from YouTube that the song is now considered a Britney Spears cover track — they would need to share ad revenue with Spears' label if they ever monetized it. Unfortunately, Friedman and McLain's work and research are unlikely to fill in the void of missing legal precedents. The entire legal battle happened within YouTube's appeals process — a platform ill-suited for establishing guidelines for actual civil cases down the road. At no point during the process was there any indication as to why YouTube made a given decision or even that a human had reviewed the case. "I think that it's quite disappointing that the YouTube process is so closed off because of the fact that it's always going to be difficult to argue precedent if we never have any," Friedman said. "If YouTube is just making these decisions and never informing people how they're reaching these decisions, then no one's ever going to know the approach they should take." Without a public-facing legal decision, it remains difficult to inform or advise anyone else exploring the ways that AI tech can help create new art, especially given how rapidly the field is developing. Some other algorithmically-generated music has fallen prey to copyright claims. For instance, there was a deepfake of Jay-Z performing "Hamlet" and singing Billy Joel's "We Didn't Start the Fire" that was removed by YouTube and another Jukebox project where someone created a Pink Floyd fan album that was struck down by British Recorded Music Industry Limited. But none of these three cases are exactly the same, so any lessons gleaned from one may not apply to creators inspired by another or going about algorithmic music composition their own way. Friedman intends to publish a guide for creators to help them navigate this poorly-defined legal space, offering up tips like saying tracks are "in the style" of an artist rather than "performed by" them. It also helped DADABOTS, specifically, that they didn't try to monetize the video and instead generated it for research purposes. "This issue is still in its infancy, obviously," McLain said. "There's going to be a case down the line where someone like [OpenAI's] Jukebox has begun to monetize and there starts to become a market for these songs. The owners of the copyright data that is used to train those works, create those works, they're going to have a lawsuit it's going to be fascinating to see the outcome. Whether the defense is going to be the fair use doctrine or if they're going to be able to have copyright ability in the works those machine learning algorithms create." "It's going to be an outcome that will be fascinating to see someday," McLain added, emphasizing that these issues may not get sorted out any time soon. For now, the legal issues hinge on how copyrighted material is used to train an AI by human operators — legal precedent suggests that the algorithm itself can't claim copyright on its output, and Friedman suggests that won't change until someone figures out artificial general intelligence. YouTube's closed doors and the shroud of mystery blanketing the motivation behind the copyright strike make it difficult to call this a landmark legal case on the intersection of AI and copyright law. But DADABOTS is still chalking up the experience as a victory for creators. "Awesome outcome," Carr said. "Hope this result emboldens AI creators as much as it does us. Unstoppable!" More on DADABOTS: Mind-Melting AI Makes Frank Sinatra Sing “Toxic” by Britney Spears Share This Article 
As a BetterHelp affiliate, we may receive compensation from BetterHelp if you purchase products or services through the links provided. There are a lot of reasons couples decide to go to counseling. And despite what many people believe, counseling is not always a sign that a relationship is on its last legs. Even if you’re in a committed relationship with no perceived issues, counseling is a good way to check-in and make sure you’re growing together, and achieve the goal of deepening your love and commitment. That’s because improving your relationship is the best way to save it, and to keep it from needing to be saved in the first place. However, if things aren’t what they used to be, and it feels like your relationship might be on life support, counseling might just be what keeps it from flatlining altogether. And thanks to online couples counseling services like ReGain, its easier than ever to get the help your relationship needs. ReGain is an online couples counseling platform. It’s designed to change the way people get help with facing relationship challenges. It provides convenient, discreet, and affordable access to a licensed therapist, making professional counseling available anytime, anywhere, through a computer, tablet or smartphone. ReGain was developed to be used by individuals or couples seeking counseling for relationship or marital issues. Two users share a joint account in which they can communicate with the counselor together. All written communication is visible to both users and the counselor. If either partner would like to speak with the counselor privately, an individual live session can be scheduled. Let’s face it. Tackling relationship obstacles alone can be daunting. Support and guidance from a licensed professional has been shown to have a positive impact on the lives of individuals and couples alike. But logistical issues such as location and scheduling make seeing a therapist difficult, especially when both partners work. Which is why ReGain was developed. It gives members access to convenient, discreet, and affordable professional help for their relationships from the comfort of home. Counselors at ReGain are licensed, trained, experienced, and accredited psychologists (Ph.D./ PsyD), licensed marriage and family therapists (LMFT), licensed clinical social workers (LCSW), or licensed professional counselors (LPC or LPCC). All of them have a Masters Degree or a Doctoral Degree in their field. They have been certified by their state's professional board after successfully completing the necessary education, exams, training, and practice. While their experience, expertise, and background vary, they all possess at least three years and 2,000 hours of hands-on experience. Our counselors on ReGain also have a specific interest and expertise in relationship counseling and are happy to work with people just like you. Don’t take the gift of a rich and fulfilling relationship for granted. Click here to invest in the success of the connection you have with your partner by choosing Reign. It’s a simple solution for online couples counseling. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As a BetterHelp affiliate, we may receive compensation from BetterHelp if you purchase products or services through the links provided. Couples counseling is viewed by many as a last resort for a relationship that is already on the rocks. But the truth is it's actually a great way for couples to help strengthen their relationship before larger issues bubble to the surface. Instead of waiting until things seem almost hopeless, a therapist can help check-in and make sure both partners are growing together and achieving their shared goals of love and commitment. After all, improving a relationship is just another way to "save" it before it needs saving. And thanks to online couples counseling services like ReGain, it's easier than ever to get whatever help your specific relationship needs. ReGain is an online couples counseling platform designed to provide convenient, discreet, and affordable access to a licensed therapist. It makes professional counseling available anytime, anywhere, through a computer, tablet or smartphone. ReGain was developed for anyone who wants to work on relationship or marital issues, both large and small. Two users share a joint account and communicate with the counselor together, and all written communication is visible to both users. However, if either partner wants to speak with the counselor privately, they are free to schedule a one-on-one live session. Tackling relationship obstacles is much easier when you have the support and guidance of a licensed professional. Counseling can have a positive impact on the lives of individuals and couples alike. But meeting with a therapist in person can be difficult, especially when two people are involved. But that's where ReGain comes in. It provides convenient, discreet, and affordable access to professional help from the comfort of home. All of the Counselors at ReGain are licensed, trained, experienced, and accredited psychologists (Ph.D./ PsyD), licensed marriage and family therapists (LMFT), licensed clinical social workers (LCSW), or licensed professional counselors (LPC or LPCC). And each counselor has a Masters Degree or higher in their specific field. All of ReGain's counselors are certified by their state's professional board, and have  successfully completed the necessary education, exams, and training the state requires. They also possess at least three years and 2,000 hours of hands-on experience, with a specific expertise in relationship counseling. So don’t take the gift of a rich and fulfilling relationship for granted. Click here to learn about how ReGain online couples counseling can help you and your partner. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As a BetterHelp affiliate, we may receive compensation from BetterHelp if you purchase products or services through the links provided. No more than ever, when it comes to our overall well being, mental health is just as important as physical health. But even before the pandemic, many factors prevented people from seeking the guidance of actual mental health professionals. Some people have medical conditions that prevent them from leaving the house, or live in areas without a lot of access to mental health resources. Some people can’t afford to see a therapist. Some people don’t think they can open up to someone face to face, or they worry about lingering stigmatization of seeing a professional. And some people just can’t seem to fit traditional in-person therapy sessions into their busy schedules. But the good news is that technology can remove most of these barriers. In fact, online therapy platforms like BetterHelp are making effective, high-quality mental healthcare more accessible than ever. Of course, as common sense would suggest, online therapy cannot replace traditional face-to-face counseling in every single case. People dealing with more serious issues and mental illnesses require a level of hands-on care that simply cannot be provided via the phone or Internet. Moreover, online-only providers are not allowed to make official diagnoses and cannot prescribe medications. However, for many of the most common mental health issues people face, online therapy can be an excellent alternative to traditional counseling. A number of recent studies have shown that online cognitive behavioral therapy can be just as effective as traditional in-person therapy in treating common issues such as anxiety and depression. What’s more, online counseling tends to be more cost-effective than in-person therapy because it reduces rent and travel expenses for the therapists. So if you think you could benefit from talking to a mental health professional, you might want to consider trying online counseling before turning to traditional in-person therapy. That brings us to BetterHelp. BetterHelp is the largest online counseling platform in the world. They provide convenient, discreet, and affordable access to professional counseling anywhere, any time, through a computer, tablet, or smartphone. When you sign up for BetterHelp, the first thing they’ll do is match you with a counselor who fits your specific issues, objectives, and preferences. All BetterHelp providers are fully licensed and accredited psychologists (PhD / PsyD), marriage and family therapists (LMFT), clinical social workers (LCSW / LMSW), or licensed professional counselors (LPC), with a Masters or Doctorate in their field and at least three years and 2,000 hours of experience. Because there are no geographic limitations, your chances of finding someone who specializes in your area of need are dramatically increased. However, if you begin the counseling process and feel your counselor is not a good fit, you can ask to be matched with a different counselor at any time. With BetterHelp, you get four different ways to communicate with your counselor, so you can do what works best for you. You can send messages any time, day or night, and your counselor will respond at their convenience. This has the distinct advantage of letting you get things off your chest at the exact moment you’re thinking about them. It also lets you refer back to your conversation when you need to. However, when you feel you require more immediate and interactive feedback, you can set up a live chat, phone call, or video conference. All services provided through BetterHelp come with one flat fee, billed on a month-to-month basis. Your bill will depend on your particular counselor, but generally speaking the cost ranges from $40 to $70 per week. That’s incredibly low given the amount of access that gives you to your counselor. So whether you’re a counseling veteran looking to change things up, or you are thinking of trying professional counseling for the very first time, you need to take a look at BetterHelp. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As a BetterHelp affiliate, we may receive compensation from BetterHelp if you purchase products or services through the links provided. Counseling can make a huge difference in whether or not your relationship overcomes the hurdles that life inevitably puts in its way. Unfortunately, a lot of couples don’t get the counseling they need for a variety of reasons, including fear of social stigma, discomfort opening up to strangers, as well as lack of accessibility, convenience, and affordability. However, recent advancements in telehealth practices are starting to remove a lot of the most common barriers to good mental healthcare. As a result, online relationship and marriage counseling services like ReGain are literally changing lives. According to a recent survey in the Journal of Sex & Marital Therapy, the four most common reasons for divorce are lack of love or intimacy; communication problems; lack of sympathy, respect, and trust; and growing apart. As the researches behind the survey point out, these results show that “behavioral motives” for divorce are waning while “psychological and emotional divorce motives” are on the rise. And believe it or not, that’s actually a good thing. Issues like domestic violence, addiction, and infidelity can be almost impossible to overcome. But psychological and emotional issues like lack of intimacy, communication, sympathy, trust? Those are all things a couple can solve if they are willing to get professional help. Today, thanks to services like ReGain, that professional help is just a few clicks away. ReGain is an online relationship and marriage counseling service that makes it easier and more affordable for couples to get help from licensed therapists. To sign up, you simply fill out a brief survey, and ReGain matches you with a psychologist (PhD or PsyD), licensed marriage and family therapist (LMFT), licensed clinical social worker (LCSW), or licensed professional counselor (LPC). All ReGain therapists are fully licensed in their state and have at least three years and 2,000 hours of experience. However, because different counselors have different methods and different areas of specialization, ReGain works hard to ensure you get the right fit. Once you start the process, if you feel the fit is not right, you can switch to a different counselor. One of the key advantages of ReGain over traditional face-to-face couples counseling is that ReGain gives you more ways to communicate with your counselor, and all for a flat fee. If you like, you can make appointments to speak with your counselor by phone or video chat. However, you can also speak with your counselor electronically via a private online “room” using any web-enabled device. In your room, you will write about yourself, ask questions, and discuss the issues you and your partner are experiencing. Your counselor will then respond, offering feedback, insights, and guidance. Another feature ReGain offers that traditional in-person therapy does not is total anonymity. Though all licensed therapists are legally bound to complete secrecy by the HIPPA Act, a lot of people are nervous to discuss personal matters face to face. With ReGain, you are free to use any name you wish when you sign up, and if you never use the video call feature no one will ever see your face. A lot of mental health experts were rightly skeptical about online therapy when people first started trying it. They were concerned that therapists wouldn’t have the opportunity to observe things like tone of voice, body language, and overall demeanor, which can be crucial to psychological assessment and diagnosis. They were concerned that therapists wouldn’t be able to forge personal relationships with patients via teleconferencing. And they were concerned that people wouldn’t be able to adequately communicate their feelings and emotions electronically. Despite these concerns, the research consistently shows that online therapy works just as well as traditional therapy for a whole variety of issues. A 2014 study from the Journal of Affective Disorders found that online treatment was just as effective in treating depression as face-to-face treatment. A 2018 study from the Journal of Psychological Disorders found that online cognitive behavioral therapy is equally as effective as face-to-face treatment for major depression, panic disorder, social anxiety disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder. And another 2014 study from Behaviour Research and Therapy found that online cognitive behavioral therapy was an effective and affordable way to treat anxiety disorders. Of course, ReGain cannot replace traditional face-to-face therapy in every single case. People dealing with more serious issues and mental illnesses require a level of hands-on care that simply cannot be provided via the phone or Internet. Moreover, online-only providers are not allowed to make official diagnoses and cannot prescribe medications. However, counseling from ReGain can help for the vast majority of issues that plague relationships. While exact rates with ReGain depend on your specific counselor, who is assigned based on your needs, in general you can expect to pay between $40 and $70 per week. If you’ve ever paid for couples or marriage counseling services out of pocket before, you know rates like that are a bargain. So if you and your partner are struggling, do not feel ashamed, and do not wait around until it’s too late to do anything about it. Click here right now to find out if ReGain can help you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As a BetterHelp affiliate, we may receive compensation from BetterHelp if you purchase products or services through the links provided. Every relationship is going to encounter hard times. That’s just a fact of life. It’s how you deal with hard times that matters. Recent surveys indicate that the most common causes for couples splitting up are lack of communication, lack of respect and trust, and lack of love or intimacy. These are all psychological and emotional issues that can be resolved with the help of a professional counselor. However, for a long time people were reluctant to get professional help for a variety of reasons, whether it was fear of social stigma, or because counseling simply isn’t accessible, convenient, or affordable. But now things are finally starting to change. Thanks to online couples therapy services like ReGain, more people than ever before have access to discrete, convenient, and affordable couples counseling. And it’s making a world of difference. A lot of mental health experts were skeptical about online therapy when people first started trying it. However, a glut of research has shown that, for a wide variety of common issues, online therapy works just as well as traditional therapy. One study published in the Journal of Affective Disorders in 2014 found that online treatment was just as effective in treating depression as face-to-face treatment. A study published in the Journal of Psychological Disorders in 2018 found that online cognitive behavioral therapy is equally as effective as face-to-face treatment for major depression, panic disorder, social anxiety disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder. And another study published in Behaviour Research and Therapy in 2014 found that online cognitive behavioral therapy was an effective and affordable way to treat anxiety disorders. Of course, there are some mental health issues that do require traditional in-person therapy. People dealing with more serious issues and mental illnesses require a level of hands-on care that simply cannot be provided via the phone or Internet. Moreover, online-only providers are not allowed to make official diagnoses and cannot prescribe medications. However, for couples who just need help with the complex emotional entanglement that starts to build up over time, online therapy is an excellent option. That’s where ReGain comes in. ReGain is an online relationship counseling service that makes it easier and more affordable for couples to get help from licensed therapists. To get started, you simply fill out a brief survey, and ReGain matches you with a psychologist (PhD or PsyD), licensed marriage and family therapist (LMFT), licensed clinical social worker (LCSW), or licensed professional counselor (LPC). All ReGain therapists are fully licensed in their state and have at least three years and 2,000 hours of experience. However, different counselors have different methods and different areas of specialization, and ReGain works hard to find the best possible fit for you. Once you start the process, if you feel the fit is not right, you can switch to a different counselor. One of the key advantages of ReGain over traditional face-to-face couples therapy is that you actually get more ways to communicate with your counselor for one flat fee. If you prefer to interact with your counselor by phone or video chat, you can schedule appointments. However, you can also communicate with your counselor electronically via a private online “room” using any web-enabled device. In your room, you will write about yourself, ask questions, and discuss the issues you and your partner are experiencing. Your counselor will then respond, offering feedback, insights, and guidance. Another feature ReGain offers that traditional in-person therapy does not is total anonymity. Though all licensed therapists are legally bound to complete secrecy by the HIPPA Act, some people are just uncomfortable discussing intimate personal matters face to face. With ReGain, you are free to use any name you wish when you sign up, and if you never use the video call feature no one will ever see your face. While exact rates depend on your specific counselor, who is assigned based on your needs, in general you can expect to pay between $40 and $70 per week for ReGain. Those rates are extremely competitive. So if you and your partner are struggling, don’t feel ashamed, and don’t wait around until it’s too late to do anything about it. ReGain is convenient and affordable, and it might just save your relationship. Click here to find out if it’s right for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As a BetterHelp affiliate, we may receive compensation from BetterHelp if you purchase products or services through the links provided. Technology has been improving your life since the day you were born. It keeps you healthy. It keeps you safe. It keeps you entertained. Now, thanks to online relationship and marriage counseling platforms like ReGain, it's even removing the traditional barriers to quality mental health care for couples in struggling relationships. All you have to do is let it. ReGain is an online relationship and marriage counseling service that makes it easier and more affordable than ever for couples to get help from licensed therapists. All relationships are going to run into difficult patches. However, for a long time, people were reluctant to get help dealing with their problems for a variety of reasons, including fear of social stigma, discomfort, opening up to strangers, and lack of accessibility, convenience, or affordability. Services like ReGain were created to remove these barriers. And they are starting to change lives. To get started with ReGain, you simply fill out a brief survey. ReGain then matches you with a psychologist (PhD or PsyD), licensed marriage and family therapist (LMFT), licensed clinical social worker (LCSW), or licensed professional counselor (LPC). The selection is based on your needs and preferences because different counselors have different methods and areas of specialization. However, all ReGain therapists are fully licensed in their state and have at least three years and 2,000 hours of experience. Once you start the relationship or marriage counseling process, if you feel the fit is not right, you can switch to a different counselor. One of the biggest advantages of ReGain, as opposed to traditional face-to-face couples counseling, is that ReGain offers the option of complete anonymity. While all licensed therapists are legally bound to secrecy by the HIPPA Act, some people are understandably nervous to discuss personal matters with total strangers. That's why, with ReGain, you are free to use any name you wish when you sign up, and you don’t have to see your counselor face-to-face unless you want to. This brings us to another key advantage of ReGain, which is that you get more ways to communicate with your counselor. If you prefer video chats, you can schedule video chats. If you prefer talking on the phone, you can schedule talks on the phone. However, ReGain also lets you communicate with your counselor electronically via a private online “room” using any web-enabled device. In your room, you will write about yourself, ask questions, and discuss the issues you and your partner are experiencing. Your counselor will then respond, offering feedback, insights, and guidance. And you can do all this for one flat fee. Initially, mental health experts were skeptical about online couples and marriage counseling. They were worried that therapists wouldn’t be able to forge personal relationships with patients via teleconferencing, or that they wouldn’t be able to make the kinds of observations necessary for diagnosis. However, the research has been incredibly clear. Online therapy works. One study found that online treatment was just as effective in treating depression as face-to-face treatment. Another found that online cognitive behavioral therapy is equally as effective as face-to-face treatment for major depression, panic disorder, social anxiety disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder. And yet another found that online cognitive behavioral therapy was an effective and affordable way to treat anxiety disorders. In short, technology makes affordable and effective relationship and marriage counseling is available no matter where you live, no matter how busy you are, no matter how comfortable you are talking to strangers. So if your relationship is starting to show signs of strain, don’t wait around until the damage is done. Take advantage of the help that technology can provide and contact ReGain today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
As a BetterHelp affiliate, we may receive compensation from BetterHelp if you purchase products or services through the links provided. Movies, books, and TV shows tend to make love look easy. You meet somebody, fall head over heels, and live happily ever after. In real life, building and maintaining a healthy relationship is way more complicated. It takes a ton of hard work and dedication. And sometimes, when things get really rough, it takes a willingness to get help from a professional. Luckily, getting that help is easier than ever thanks to online relationship counseling from services like ReGain. In the past, a lot of couples were reluctant to seek help from professional therapists for a variety of reasons. Sometimes it was due to fear of social stigma, or because they were nervous about opening up to a stranger. Other times it was because there weren’t a lot of counselors in their area, or going to one simply wasn’t convenient or affordable. But today online options like ReGain are removing a lot of these barriers. ReGain is an online relationship counseling service specifically designed to make it easier and more affordable for couples to get help from professional relationship counselors. To get started all you have to do is fill out a brief survey and ReGain will match you with a psychologist, licensed marriage and family therapist, licensed clinical social worker, or licensed professional counselor. Because different counselors have different methods and different areas of specialization, ReGain works hard to find the best possible fit for you. However, all ReGain therapists are fully licensed in their state and have at least three years and 2,000 hours of experience. Unlike traditional face-to-face couples counseling, ReGain gives you multiple ways to communicate with your counselor. If you prefer to interact with your counselor by phone or video chat, you can schedule appointments. However, if you’re not comfortable talking, you can also communicate with your counselor electronically via a private online “room” using any web-enabled device. In your room, you will write about yourself, ask questions, and discuss the issues you and your partner are experiencing. Your counselor will then respond, offering feedback, insights, and guidance. You can even choose to remain completely anonymous if it makes you feel more comfortable. A lot of mental health experts were skeptical about online therapy when people first started trying it. However, science shows that online therapy works just as well as traditional therapy for a number of issues. A 2014 study from the Journal of Affective Disorders found that online treatment was just as effective in treating depression as face-to-face treatment. A 2018 study from the Journal of Psychological Disorders found that online cognitive behavioral therapy is equally as effective as face-to-face treatment for major depression, panic disorder, social anxiety disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder. And another 2014 study from Behaviour Research and Therapy found that online cognitive behavioral therapy was an effective and affordable way to treat anxiety disorders. Of course, online therapy is not right for everyone. Online-only providers are not allowed to make official diagnoses and cannot prescribe medications. People dealing with more serious issues and mental illnesses require a level of hands-on care that simply cannot be provided via the phone or the Internet. However, for couples who just need help working through the common relationship issues that build up over time, online therapy can be an excellent option. Worried about how you'll afford ReGain? Don't be. With ReGain you get everything for one flat fee. And while exact rates depend on your specific counselor, in general, you can expect to pay between $40 and $70 per week. That includes unlimited written communication with your counselor, and of course, you are free to cancel your subscription at any time. If you’ve ever paid for counseling services out of pocket before, you know these rates are incredibly affordable. If you and your partner are going through some hard times, don’t wait another day. Stop making excuses and start getting help. ReGain online couples counseling is convenient, affordable, and discreet. Click here to find out if it’s right for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
An ambitious startup is sending a pair of 5.5 pound, remotely-controlled racecars to the lunar surface to hold the first ever car race on the Moon, New Atlas reports — and a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket will help them get there as soon as October 2021. The race is being organized by Moon Mark, a multimedia and education content company, which partnered with Intuitive Machines, a Houston-based aerospace outfit. Intuitive Machines claims it could soon become "the first private aerospace company to land on the Moon," according to a recent press release. Only eight percent of the 100 kilogram payload is taken up by the remote-control cars, which will race around the sandy dunes of Oceanus Procellarum, a massive plain near the western edge of the near side of the Moon. The rest of the payload is provided by NASA as part of the agency's Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLPS) program, which is laying the groundwork for sending astronauts back to the surface of the Moon in 2024, according to an April press release. The racecars themselves will be partially designed by six teams of high school kids from across the country, as New Atlas reports. The best two teams emerging from a series of challenges "will win a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to build and race two vehicles on the Moon," according to a February press release. "Competitors will then race their rovers remotely, navigating through harsh terrain, racing around a sphere of cameras, which will capture every aspect," the statement reads. Moon Mark CTO Todd Wallach told New Atlas that teams will have "near real time visuals, telemetry and command and control" of the racecars. Formula One racecar track designer Herman Tilke will design the track on the Moon. "They know the lunar surface, it's been scanned to the point where he has enough information to develop this track," as automotive designer Frank Stephenson told the website. Designers of the vehicles will have to take a number of factors into consideration, from dust entering the electronics to the substantially lower force of gravity. "It's more about, say, dust filtration, traction, weight, materials, endurance, stability," Stephenson told New Atlas, adding that the cars will need a way to right themselves after going off some gnarly jumps. READ MORE: There will be a remote-control car race on the Moon in 2021. Seriously. [New Atlas] More on lunar landers: Blue Origin Engineers Deliver Full-Scale Prototype Moon Lander to NASA Share This Article 
It's a sad day for astronomy. The iconic Arecibo Observatory collapsed on Tuesday, according to officials. The 900-ton platform suspended above the 1,000-foot-wide dish antenna came crashing down, caused by failing cables that were already stretched to their limits. As recently as yesterday, NASA had been exploring options to repair the ailing dish. The instrument platform of the 305m telescope at Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico fell overnight. No injuries were reported. NSF is working with stakeholders to assess the situation. Our top priority is maintaining safety. NSF will release more details when they are confirmed. pic.twitter.com/Xjbb9hPUgD — National Science Foundation (@NSF) December 1, 2020  Luckily, no injuries were reported, according to tweets by the National Science Foundation. In August, an auxiliary cable snapped, causing massive damage to the gigantic dish below. Then in November, a main cable snapped, causing even more damage. Less than two weeks ago, scientists announced plans to demolish the 57-year-old observatory. The Arecibo Observatory has been collecting invaluable data, listening in on mysterious radio signals emanating from the far corners of the observable universe. It has also been used to send out the "Arecibo Message" in the 1970s, a pattern of numbers and chemical formulae, in a symbolic effort to reach out to intelligent extraterrestrial lifeforms that may exist elsewhere in our universe. Scientists are mourning the news, with some tearing up during interviews. READ MORE: Huge Puerto Rico radio telescope collapses; many mourning [Associated Press] More on the observatory: Iconic Arecibo Alien-Hunting Observatory Will Be Demolished Share This Article 
The mysterious shiny metal monolith discovered in the wilderness of Utah last week didn't last long. Days after its discovery, the otherworldly installation disappeared without a trace. But thanks to a detailed first-hand account posted by nature photographer Ross Bernards on Instagram, we may just have figured out who stole it. Spoiler alert: they weren't aliens — and they don't sound like "men in black" either. Bernards wasn't the only one looking to snap a picture of the installation, he recalls. "On Friday, 3 friends and myself drove the 6 hours down to the middle of nowhere in Utah and got to the 'trailhead' around 7 PM after passing a sea of cars on our way in," the photographer wrote in the post. "For the next hour and 40 minutes we had the place to ourselves," Bernards recalls. While setting up his next drone shots, he and his buddies "heard some voices coming up the canyon." The burglars had shown up at the scene. The four "guys rounded the corner and two of them walked forward," Bernards wrote. "They gave a couple of pushes on the monolith and one of them said 'You better have got your pictures.'" What proceeded was the monolith heist of the century — and without the need for expert safe cracking tools, ropes, and night vision goggles. The ragtag team of four "came up and pushed it almost to the ground on one side, before they decided push it back the other when it then popped out and landed on the ground with a loud bang," according to Bernards. All it took was a wheelbarrow to run off with the mysterious artifact. It must have been a strange sight. Bernards recalls seeing "at least 70 different cars (and a plane) in and out" with "nobody following a path or each other." The onlookers — just as many had predicted — couldn't care less about the pristine and largely untouched wilderness around them. "We could literally see people trying to approach it from every direction to try and reach it, permanently altering the untouched landscape," the photographer wrote. The exact motives of the monolith bandits are still unknown, as is their identity. One of them did reportedly tell Bernards that "this is why you don't leave trash in the desert." More on the monolith: Mystery “Monolith” Disappears From Utah Desert Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has some ambitious plans to turn humanity into an multiplanetary species. With the aid of a fleet of Starship spacecraft, the intrepid billionaire wants to establish a permanent foothold on Mars, one million people strong, by 2050. Now, Musk is publicly fleshing out his vision further. "Life in glass domes at first," Musk wrote in a Thursday tweet, responding to a question about what life on Mars will look like early on. "Eventually, terraformed to support life, like Earth." Scientists and science fiction authors have long suggested that terraforming could allow humans to breathe on the open Martian surface. But that vision is still a distant dream — far beyond the first Martian bases, according to Musk. "Terraforming will be too slow to be relevant in our lifetime," Musk wrote in a follow-up tweet. "However, we can establish a human base there in our lifetime. At least a future spacefaring civilization — discovering our ruins — will be impressed humans got that far." Terraforming Mars is indeed a massive undertaking. An analysis last year concluded that it may require 3,500 nuclear warheads every single day to increase Mars' atmospheric pressure to breathable levels and melt the planet's ice caps in order to release carbon dioxide, which will then be trapped in the form of greenhouses gases. But there's one big snag with that plan. The ensuing radiation would also turn the surface completely inhabitable. And a 2018 study also concluded that there simply isn't enough trapped carbon dioxide on the Red Planet to sufficiently raise enough atmospheric pressure to sustain humans on the surface. But those limitations aren't going to stop Musk from going after his dream of establishing a permanent presence there. Musk has previously claimed that with the help of "a thousand" Starship spacecraft, massive rockets he says will be capable of carrying to 100 tons of cargo or 100 passengers between planets, "a sustainable Mars city" could be established. About 100 vehicles would each have to carry 100 tons of cargo every two years, according to Musk's calculations. Early settlements might look a little rough around the edges. "Getting to Mars, I think, is not the fundamental issue," he said during a September virtual Humans to Mars summit. "The fundamental issue is building a base, building a city on Mars that is self-sustaining." "I want to emphasize, this is a very hard and dangerous and difficult thing," he added at the time. "Not for the faint of heart. Good chance you’ll die. And it’s going to be tough, tough going, but it’ll be pretty glorious if it works out." The ambition lies very close to the entrepreneur's heart — or at least his marketing strategy. "If we don’t improve our pace of progress, I’m definitely going to be dead before we go to Mars," Musk said during the Satellite 2020 conference in Washington back in March. His space company has come a long way in turning Starship a reality. Several early prototypes have already taken to the skies, albeit only to a height of roughly 500 feet. In the following weeks, the first prototype will attempt fly to an altitude to nine miles. If everything goes according to Musk's ambitious plan, the first Starship will make its way to Mars as soon as 2024. READ MORE: Terraform Mars: Elon Musk says a Mars city of 'glass domes' comes first [Inverse] More on Musk and Mars: SpaceX Will Build Starlink-Like Constellation Around Mars Share This Article 
An astrophysicist and a neurosurgeon walked into a room. It may sound like the beginning of a bad joke, but what a pair of Italian researchers came up with is a truly galaxy brain take: The structures of the observable universe, they say, is astonishingly similar to the neuronal networks of the human brain. University of Bologna astrophysicist Franco Vazza and University of Verona neurosurgeon Alberto Feletti detail the surprising similarities between the cosmic network of galaxies and the complex web of neurons in the human brain exhibit in a new paper published in the journal Frontiers in Physics. Despite being roughly 27 orders of magnitude apart in scale, the human brain and the composition of the cosmic web show similar levels of complexity and self-organization, according to the researchers. The brain contains an estimated 69 billion neurons, while the observable universe is composed of at least 100 billion galaxies, strung together loosely like a web. Both actual galaxies and neurons only account for about 30 percent of the total masses of the universe and brain, respectively. And both galaxies and neurons arrange themselves like beads on long strings or filaments. In the case of galaxies, the remaining 70 percent of mass is dark energy. The equivalent in the human brain, the duo said: water. "We calculated the spectral density of both systems," Vazza said in a statement about the work. "This is a technique often employed in cosmology for studying the spatial distribution of galaxies." "Our analysis showed that the distribution of the fluctuation within the cerebellum neuronal network on a scale from 1 micrometer to 0.1 millimeters follows the same progression of the distribution of matter in the cosmic web," he added, "but, of course, on a larger scale that goes from 5 million to 500 million light-years." The clustering and number of connections emanating from each node also were oddly similar. "Once again, structural parameters have identified unexpected agreement levels," Feletti said in the statement. "Probably, the connectivity within the two networks evolves following similar physical principles, despite the striking and obvious difference between the physical powers regulating galaxies and neurons." The team is hoping that their preliminary study could lead to new analysis techniques in both cosmology and neurosurgery, allowing scientists to better understand how these structures have evolved over time. READ MORE: Does the human brain resemble the Universe? [University of Bologna] More on galaxies: Astronomers Puzzled By Ancient Milky Way-Like Galaxy 12 Billion Light-Years Away Share This Article 
An international team of scientists is suggesting that the accelerating expansion of the Universe could be caused by a mystery substance called "quintessence" that permeates the cosmos. The tentative hypothesis could offer tantalizing new clues about the nature of dark energy, the mysterious force that physicists believe is responsible for the increasing speed at which the universe is expanding. But the researchers' conclusions — and their wide sweeping implications — have left some of their peers questioning the idea, as Nature reports. The theory that dark energy is responsible for accelerating the expansion of the universe was first proposed back in 1998, when researchers found that the amount of the mysterious force was fixed per unit of volume of space as a "cosmological constant." Not all scientists fully subscribe to the theory though, as Nature points out, arguing instead that dark energy is made out of a "fifth element," or what the researchers from the High Energy Accelerator Research Organization (KEK) in Japan and the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Germany are now calling quintessence. As they frame it, quintessence is neither an inherent property of space determined by a constant nor a form of matter. If dark energy were indeed such a quintessence, that would mean its density would drop over time as the galaxy expands. To test the theory, the researchers first posited that quintessence would have to affect light in certain ways as it spreads throughout the cosmos. Back in 1998, according to Nature, a team of scientists led by Sean Carroll, a theoretical physicist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, suggested it would technically be possible to find evidence of this happening. They suggested that by looking at maps of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) — the relic electromagnetic radiation left over from the early stages of the universe — scientists could theoretically look for certain light signatures to prove the quintessence theory. These light signatures would show electric fields of polarized light "wiggling" in specific directions, they suggested, rather than any which way. And that's exactly what two cosmologists from KEK and the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Germany claim they have done, as detailed in a paper published in the journal Physical Review Letters this week. By looking at CMB data from the European Space Agency's Planck mission, they were able to pinpoint signs of quintessence using an entirely new technique. But the discovery is far from set in stone yet — physicists are warning that the evidence isn't complete yet, as Nature reports. If borne out by further research, though, the theory could have drastic consequences for our understanding of the universe. If dark energy were indeed quintessence, the expansion could actually slow down and eventually disappear entirely. The process could even be reversed, causing the universe to crunch up like a soda can, according to Carroll, who was not involved in the study. "We’re back to a situation where we have zero idea about how the Universe is going to end," Carroll told Nature. READ MORE: Hints of twisted light offer clues to dark energy’s nature [Nature] More on the expansion of the universe: To Measure the Universe’s Expansion, We Might Need New Physics Share This Article 
More good news: UK's Oxford University and European pharmaceutical AstraZeneca announced today that their COVID-19 vaccine is up to 90 percent effective, according to preliminary study results. That's a hair less effective than the vaccines developed by Moderna and Pfizer, but the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine has a major advantage: it's way cheaper to produce, at just $4 per dose according to the BBC. Pfizer's costs around $20 per dose, while Moderna's costs around $33. The Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine has another advantage. Its vaccine is much easier to distribute, as it can be stored inside a standard fridge. Pfizer's vaccine, in contrast, has to be stored at -70 degrees Celsius. The Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine proved to be 90 percent effective when participants were given half a dose followed by a full dose at least one month apart. It was 62 percent effective when given as two full doses at least one month apart. That's an average efficacy of 70 percent. The company says that "no serious safety events related to the vaccine have been confirmed." "Excitingly, we’ve found that one of our dosing regimens may be around 90 percent effective and if this dosing regime is used, more people could be vaccinated with planned vaccine supply," Andrew Pollard, chief investigator of Oxford's trial, said in the statement. The study involved 23,000 participants both in the UK and in Brazil who received either half- or full-dose regimens of the vaccine. The company is also conducting trials in a number of other countries across the globe as well, hoping to eventually sign up 60,000 participants worldwide. AstraZeneca is the third company to have recently made a major announcement about the efficacy of their COVID-19 vaccine trials. Earlier this month, both Pfizer and Moderna announced their mRNA-based vaccines are around 95 percent effective. Share This Article 
Futurism Readers -  We've got some news. Like the rest of the writing on this site, we're giving you the need-to-know, sharp and succinct: We need your help to survive. Here's the deal: When the future comes, you gotta adapt, or get relegated to the dustbin of history. Yet the economic realities of both 2020 and the media industry have spelled out, ultimately, a need for us to appeal to our readers for support. Because we don't plan on going anywhere. And about our community? As a Futurism reader, you're among a global crowd that constitutes engineers, scientists, physicists, entrepreneurs, industrialists, students, teachers, journalists, and of course, Joe Rogan. We're hoping you'll stick with us, and support us in our work: The feature writing of Futurism.com, the market-moving news digest of The Byte, the latest in cutting-edge medical science technology of Neoscope; interviews, trendpieces, and reported investigative features, from a qualified team of career journalists. We've also been polling you all, to see what you'd like to hear more about from us, and we'll be responding in kind, giving you the latest news and discoveries shaping the world of tomorrow, today. Which brings us to some exciting news: IdeaFront, the new video platform from our partners at SU. It'll be launching with an original library of shows and features, built for those who want to get closer to the precipice of what comes next. You'll be watching interviews with earthmovers, the most innovative minds in the world, speaking from just over the horizons of technology and science. From artificial intelligence to automated travel, from quantum computing to quark collisions, from machine learning to Mars terraforming, IdeaFront will deliver critical insights and intelligence from the leaders building the next technological paradigms by which we'll live. We’re excited to take the next step of our journey, with the involvement of you — the readership and community of future-forward thinkers, movers, and shakers — more central to our mandate than ever before. Subscribe to Futurism today. Together, we’ll continue to shed light on the stories of the technological and scientific news shaping the universe to come, reporting live from the horizons of innovations, and there’s nobody we’d rather share a seat with it on than than you. To tomorrow, today, - Team Futurism         Share This Article 
A team of four astronauts blasted off from Cape Canaveral, Florida inside a SpaceX Crew Dragon this past weekend. The team successfully reached the International Space Station just 27 hours later. Sunday night's launch was a historic moment. It was the first operational crew change mission to deliver astronauts to the space station from American soil since the retirement of the Space Shuttle program in 2011. And it was a smooth ride, as Japanese aerospace agency (JAXA) astronaut Soichi Noguchi explained during a press conference from aboard the space station. "The Dragon is the best, short answer," he said, comparing the experience to riding NASA's Space Shuttles and Russia's Soyuz spacecraft. The Dragon "really wanted to go to space," he added. Noguchi became only the third person to ride all three spacecraft, as the Associated Press reports. "This feels like you are actually inside a dragon bringing us up to space, so that was quite a feeling," the Japanese astronaut said. During the same press event, first-time astronaut Victor Glover, the Crew Dragon's pilot, described the extended feeling of four Gs (four times the force per unit of mass due to Earth's gravity) as "truly amazing." "I've seen tons of pictures," Glover said. "But when I first looked out the window at the Earth, it's hard to describe. There are no words [...] It was an amazing, once-in-a-lifetime feeling." READ MORE: Astronaut: SpaceX Dragon beats shuttle, Soyuz for launching [AP] More on the launch: Liftoff! SpaceX Launches NASA Astronauts Aboard Dragon Spacecraft Share This Article 
The National Science Foundation (NSF) has announced that the world-renowned Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico, a radiotelescope that has provided the scientific community with invaluable data for over half a century, is officially being decommissioned and demolished, The Verge reports. The aging 57-year-old structure has recently seen some major setbacks which sealed its fate. In August 2020, an auxiliary cable holding a massive 900 ton platform suspended above the 1,000 foot-wide dish snapped, causing millions of dollars of damage to the dish. Then in November, a main cable attached to the same mast failed as well, causing further damage. It's a sad day. The observatory has not only been used to observe radio wave signals in deep space. It's also become an iconic landmark over the decades after being featured in countless films and TV shows including the 1995 James Bond blockbuster "GoldenEye." The observatory has also made significant contributions to the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI), spotting mysterious radio signals emanating from distant corners of the universe. "This decision is not an easy one for NSF to make, but safety of people is our number one priority," Sean Jones, the assistant director for the mathematical and physical sciences directorate at NSF, told reporters today over a conference call, as quoted by The Verge. The decision was a long time coming. "All of the main cables, all of which are decades old and have been through storms, earthquakes, and constant heavy moisture, may no longer be capable of supporting the load that they were designed [to carry]," the observatory's program director Ashley Zauderer added. Zauderer also noted that just one more cable failure could have led to a complete disaster. In sum, it sounds like the teams in charge of the observatory were facing a lose-lose situation. "Engineers cannot tell us the safety margin of the structure, but they have advised us that the structure will collapse in the near future on its own," Ralph Gaume, director of NSF’s division of astronomical sciences, told reporters. READ MORE: Facing collapse, the famed Arecibo Observatory will be demolished [The Verge] More on the observatory: Giant Arecibo SETI Telescope Could Collapse After Mysterious Damage Share This Article 
How much do you know about skincare that didn't come from a TV ad? Unfortunately, plenty of people learn about skincare from a thirty-second spot sandwiched between a car ad and the credits for the show you just watched. But Geologie is a company on a mission to change that. Here's what everyone, particularly guys, should know about Geologie and the broader world of skincare. You'd be forgiven for assuming skincare products are more about tightening and lifting than protecting — it's all you hear about. Yet skincare products, when you strip away the hype, are about protecting one of your most important organs. And yes, there is, in fact, science to back that up. Our skin takes a lot of abuse; just as an example, if you're running a razor over your face, you're taking some epidermis with it, no matter how slick your shave oil. Throw in sunshine, pollution, and a cheat day, and your skin puts up with a lot. Skincare helps you keep in shape, so it can keep protecting you. If you've ever put on some sunscreen before hitting the beach, used a medical lotion to help your hands heal after a hard day, or used a face wash to manage your acne and get a smoother shave, you've used skincare products. While the formula might be slightly different product to product, they all have the goal of keeping your skin healthy. By using skincare products, all you're doing is expanding your skincare routine to get the most out of it. While kelp hand-harvested by proud Nova Scotian fishermen has its place, your face isn't it. And much like the Patagonian toothfish became the Chilean sea bass, a lot of commonplace chemicals you'll find in your breakfast, like vitamins C, D, and E, get billed as "retinol" and "anti-oxidants" when it's time to write copy for the label. Simple, pure, high-quality ingredients, in the right concentration, matter more than what you're calling them. That's why Geologie shows you how to read any ingredients list to know what's in the bottle and in what concentration, including their own. We all know personal care can be overly gendered; just compare a pink-handled disposable razor that somehow costs more than the same razor in blue. That said, there are some differences between men and women when it comes to skin that skincare products need to consider. For example, men have more testosterone in their systems, which makes skin oilier. Skincare should be properly formulated for men. Use either of those razors, though. Everybody's got different skin and different needs to go with it. Geologie spares you the aggravation of trying a dozen different products that all do essentially the same thing. Instead, you'll take a quick quiz on their site that asks you both what you need and some of the day-to-day circumstances of your life, like allergies and working conditions that may irritate your skin. That way, you're getting just the skincare you need, not any pricey extras. To learn more about men and skincare, check out Geologie. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to a memo first obtained by Politico, progressive groups are planning to pressure president-elect Joe Biden's transition team into slashing military budgets — with one specific aim being to eliminate the US Space Force. The memo calls out the Space Force as an "unnecessary bureaucracy that costs $16 billion in 2021" and militarizes space, as quoted by SpaceNews, which obtained the memo as well. The $16 billion referred to by the memo technically came out of the budget of the Air Force and was requested for the 2021 fiscal year back in February. It's also dwarfed by the Pentagon's overall $740 billion budget. The Space Force is the youngest arm of the military, established in December 2019 when president Donald Trump signed the US Space Force Act. Congress made the decision permanent with the 2020 National Defense Authorization Act. The service's main mandates are rather murky. It's focused on protecting US interests in space, including the overseeing and development of satellites, and deterring aggression in space. Trump has done little to pin down the group's mandate, often falling back on verbiage about being "number one" in space. "Amid grave threats to our national security, American superiority in space is absolutely vital," he said during the official launch in December 2019. "And we’re leading, but we’re not leading by enough. But very shortly we’ll be leading by a lot." The service has already faced a good deal of criticism over its short history. Early on, it was deemed a "bureaucratic mess in search of a problem" by the media, and characterized as a reshuffling of existing personnel more than anything concrete. The Space Force still has plenty of ties to the US Air Force and has been slow to recruit personnel. Approximately 16,000 military and civilian space staff were assigned upon its creation in 2019, and in June, more than 8,500 active-duty Air Force service members volunteered to join the service. But eliminating the Space Force would be no easy task. In fact, Biden would not technically have the power to do so alone, as SpaceNews points out. "Surely the Biden administration will have more pressing legislative priorities than this in the context of COVID, the economy, and domestic priorities," adjunct senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security Sarah Mineiro, who helped draft legislation of the Space Force and Space Command, told SpaceNews. READ MORE: Anti-war groups take aim at Space Force, ICBMs, missile defense [SpaceNews] More on Space Force: The Space Force Is Building Satellites That Resist Jamming Share This Article 
A team of astronomers from The University of Texas at Austin are bringing a truly moonshot concept back from the grave: a liquid-mirror telescope 100 meters in diameter, built on the surface of the Moon. Scientists first proposed the concept, dubbed the "Ultimately Large Telescope," over a decade ago in a 2007 paper published in the journal Nature. Instead of a solid mirror, a metallic and reflective liquid layer — mercury has been used for this kind of application in the past — would float on top of a massive tank of another, swirling liquid. The idea is to peer back into the early moments following the creation of the observable universe, far from the distracting hustle and bustle of Earth. "In this case we have shown how the Moon is ideal [for] using liquid mirror technology to build a telescope much larger than we can affordably build in space," Pete Worden, director of NASA Ames Research Center at the time, and a co-author of the paper, said in a 2007 statement. "Such telescopes, perhaps 100 meters in diameter can see back to the early phases of the universe after the Big Bang," Worden added. NASA abandoned the idea shortly after it was proposed. But now, a team of astronomers led by NASA Hubble Fellow Anna Schauer have decided to revive the concept, as detailed in a new paper appearing in an upcoming issue of The Astrophysical Journal. "Throughout the history of astronomy, telescopes have become more powerful, allowing us to probe sources from successively earlier cosmic times — ever closer to the Big Bang," University of Texas at Austin astronomer and co-author Volker Bromm said in a statement. "The upcoming James Webb Space Telescope [JWST] will reach the time when galaxies first formed." "But theory predicts that there was an even earlier time, when galaxies did not yet exist, but where individual stars first formed — the elusive Population III stars," Bromm explained. "This moment of ‘very first light’ is beyond the capabilities even of the powerful JWST, and instead needs an ‘ultimate’ telescope." The massive proposed telescope would operate autonomously from the surface of the Moon, collecting power from solar power stations nearby. The data it receives would then make it back to Earth via a satellite in lunar orbit. Rather than constructing the massive 100-meter dish out of coated glass, the team suggests to use liquid instead. Not only would it make it easier to construct on the Moon, it would be significantly cheaper as well. The telescope would be built inside a crater near either of the Moon's poles, allowing it to gaze at the same points in the sky continuously. READ MORE: A 'liquid-mirror telescope' on the moon could detect universe's first stars [CNET] More on telescopes on the Moon: NASA Funds Giant Radio Telescope Concept on Far Side of Moon Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk had to follow his space company's historic Crew-1 launch on Sunday evening from the comfort of his own home. That's because he's likely come down with COVID-19. "Two tests came back negative, two came back positive," the mercurial billionaire tweeted on November 13. "Same machine, same test, same nurse." Musk also took the opportunity to voice skepticism surrounding the validity of COVID-19 testing. "Something extremely bogus is going on," he wrote. Musk has been an outspoken skeptic of the ongoing global pandemic. He previously called the early panic surrounding the pandemic "dumb" and also infamously predicted there to be "close to zero new cases" by the "end of April." In September, he even told The New York Times that he won't get a vaccine for him and his family. "I’m not at risk for COVID, nor are my kids," Musk said. In light of all the public health chaos he's sown, the internet has now bequeathed him with the derogatory nickname "Space Karen." The term even hit Twitter's influential "trending" box, The Independent reports. I will never not laugh at Space Karen https://t.co/InvR5sTRMy pic.twitter.com/92vQfIyzHi — dan hett (@danhett) November 16, 2020  Antigen tests, the ones Musk called into question on Friday, can be completed in a matter of hours, but are less accurate and should therefore be used as a screening tool rather than a diagnostic one. PCR tests take longer, but are far more accurate. "Rapid antigen tests trade sensitivity for speed," Emma Bell, bioinformatics postdoc student, noted in a reply on Twitter. "They return a result in <30 minutes, but can only detect COVID-19 when you're absolutely riddled with it." "What's bogus is that Space Karen didn't read up on the test before complaining to his millions of followers," they explained. On Saturday, Musk took to Twitter to clarify the situation surrounding his health — but, like a raging Karen in a checkout line, succeeded only in muddying the waters further. "Am getting wildly different results from different labs, but most likely I have a moderate case of COVID," he tweeted. "My symptoms are that of a minor cold, which is no surprise, since a coronavirus is a type of cold." That's false, of course — though other coronaviruses do cause types of the common cold, COVID can be far more severe. In fact, more than a million people have already died from it worldwide. READ MORE: Elon Musk forced to watch historic SpaceX launch from home and mocked as ‘Space Karen’ after catching Covid [The Independent] More on Musk: Elon Musk Tests Positive For COVID Share This Article 
Imagine you're cruising down the freeway in your new electric car, equipped with the latest graphene battery. You notice you're running low on juice, so you pull over at a rest stop, plug it in, and head inside to grab a pizza. By the time you're done and back outside, your car is already nearly charged — and ready for another uninterrupted 300 miles. This is the future of transportation that certain starry-eyed scientists promise is coming soon. They say that by superpowering batteries with graphene — a sheet of carbon just one atom thick — everything from power tools to electric cars will charge faster, hold more power, cost less, and maybe even help civilization finally move away from planet-destroying fossil fuels. And these marvelous batteries could start to roll out, they say, by sometime next year. "Graphene is an amazing material, and it's particularly amazing as a material for batteries," Chip Breitenkamp, a polymer scientist and VP of business development at the graphene battery company NanoGraf, told Futurism. The tech, he said, can "make batteries charge faster and dissipate heat more effectively. This has big implications. It means power tools don't overheat as quickly. It means home appliances serve families better, longer. And it eventually means [electric cars] can charge faster." "Essentially, graphene can play a central role in powering a sustainable, electric future," Breitenkamp added. The rapid charging isn't the only selling point. In the lab, NanoGraf says its graphene batteries show a 50 percent increase in run time compared to conventional lithium-ion ones, a 25 percent drop in carbon footprint, and half of weight needed to provide the same output. The basic idea comes down to chemistry. Over the course of decades, battery makers came to embrace lithium over silicon because it has a high electrical capacity. But lithium has two key problems. It conducts electricity poorly and tends to physically deform as it discharges, ultimately shearing and cracking. Mixing or coating the lithium with graphene — or, most recently, related nanomaterials like graphene oxides and reduced graphene oxides — solves both issues. Graphene is highly conductive, allowing electricity to flow, and rigid, so it helps the lithium keep its shape, allowing the battery to last longer. "Graphene has very high electronic conductivity, so when you put it in your silicon anode, the conductivity really goes up," Christos Athanasiou, an engineer at Brown University who's published research on graphene batteries, told Futurism. "And graphene has really good mechanical properties — it's really, really strong. So when you have the anode expanding, the graphene essentially hinders these volume variations, so it doesn't allow the silicon anode to expand that much so it will not break." Another benefit: Because the graphene's sturdiness grants batteries so many more life cycles than a conventional battery, advocates say, they can "push" them harder and charge them faster with a more powerful electric current. They'll degrade more rapidly, but their abundance of discharge cycles still grants them a longer lifetime than conventional batteries. Nanograf isn't the only startup that says it's homing in on a practical graphene battery. Samuel Gong, the CEO of competitor Real Graphene, told Futurism that he believes his company's tech could charge a car in well under an hour. "We also have a bigger budget of life cycles that we can sacrifice because people don't usually keep their products more than a few years, most likely," Gong said. "A graphene battery can take a lot more punishment in a sense, which enables that extra life cycle. We can push it a lot harder." The result, he says, is a cheap battery with vastly increased energy density and performance. "I believe [graphene batteries are] just as important to the evolution of technology as compared to something like plastic," Gong said, "where in the future it could be applied to almost everything." The promises are enormous, but at the same time, specific claims can start to look fuzzy. Nanograf says it's already working with a power tool company and a company that makes batteries for electrical vehicles to bring its technology to market, but said it couldn't name specific partners. And Gong told us that Real Graphene is already piloting buses powered by Graphene batteries in Shanghai, China — but when we asked for details about the program, like who's running the buses and whether the batteries are living up to their imposing technical promises, he declined to comment. In a bigger sense, graphene was first isolated in 2004. Why the big push to put it into everything now? "The last 15 to 20 years, basically the whole energy storage community has been doing a lot of work on how to make a good nanocomposite material, how to make this silicon graphene anode have the desired properties," Athanasiou said. "So, recently in the last years, it became easier to make graphene, and there are other nanomaterials based on graphene, like graphene oxide." "These nanomaterials offer even better properties," he added. "The graphene oxide blends better with silicon for example. And then it turned out that when you use reduced graphene oxide, it offered even better properties." In other words, graphene has been in a perpetual state of "just about ready to revolutionize the world" for years. But with manufacturing costs trending downward, multiple startups told Futurism that their batteries will be for sale in small devices like power tools as early as next year. After that, they plan to get even more ambitious. "The batteries that go into EVs require extremely long test cycles," Breitenkamp from NanoGraf told Futurism. "So, you can imagine, those batteries have to be tested for three to four years at a minimum. It's not about getting our technology to work in an EV right now. We fully believe that it would, but it's a matter of all the validation necessary to getting into an EV." "It's not a matter of whether it works, it's a matter of how long it takes before it gets the thumbs up on things like safety and longevity," Breitenkamp added. It's possible that graphene batteries are attracting interest beyond the startup community. In fact, several experts interviewed for this story speculated that Tesla may secretly be experimenting with the same technology — though all of them emphasized that the theory was just conjecture. "I have no doubt that Tesla is working on this kind of technology," Gong said, adding that building powerful enough chargers might be a bigger challenge than making graphene batteries themselves. "Probably they will, but all these things are super confidential," Athanasiou said. "Nobody outside the company would really know." Tesla, which recently disbanded its entire public relations department, didn't acknowledge Futurism's questions or request for comment. But regardless of whether Tesla is working on graphene batteries, there are numerous technical challenges that need to be solved before they would be useful as a consumer product. One practical issue, Gong said, would be that if a large automaker succeeded in developing market-ready graphene batteries, the enormous draw of charging would run the risk of completely overwhelming the electrical infrastructure. "The power grid can barely even handle what we have right now, at least when we talk about the Bay Area. It's just something I can't really see happening just because it's just so much power," Gong said. "It's not just building a nuclear plant and saying we have the power. It's also the power delivery: whether the wiring of the city can even handle that surge in power." There are also, everybody admits, still technical problems that need to be solved. One, Breitenkamp said, is that pushing batteries too hard can cause problems like dendritic creep — essentially an internal short circuit. But multiple experts told Futurism dendritic creep can be solved with, you guessed it, more graphene. Even if plopping in more graphene blocks dendritic creep, though, there are lingering manufacturing issues. Different companies use different tricks to actually coat or implement batteries in graphene, but consistency is a challenge regardless of the methodology. Long story short, Athanasiou said, scientists can make really good prototypes in the lab — but moving into the mass production of finished products is an entirely separate challenge. "What I can tell you is that the science is there," Athanasiou said. "However, technology-wise, it's not ready yet. We know how to make these nanocomposite silicon graphenes, but how we can make them reproducible — that's a big challenge." And, of course, there's the hype that's been pushing graphene forward and sustaining interest in it since its discovery. It's been turned into jackets, touted as a source of infinite electricity, and even as a way to instantly desalinate water. Part of that is the necessity of scientists needing to drum up interest in their work, said Greg Less, the technical director of the University of Michigan Energy Institute's Battery User Laboratory. But he also said that he's not sure how useful graphene batteries will end up being. Graphene isn't Less's specific expertise, he made clear, but he's suspicious that it might fade away as another fad. He cited carbon nanotubes — the "miracle material" of yesteryear — as an example. Carbon nanotubes are basically just pieces of graphene rolled up into tubes, and many bold claims were made about how it would revolutionize society as well. "[Graphene is] kind of a gee-whiz material right now," Less said. "Are there going to be improvements? Yeah. Are those improvements going to be enough to displace a cheaper, more available option? Probably not. Maybe. I don't know. I don't know." In a nutshell, the hype surrounding graphene obscures its future. Separating real utility for the nanomaterial from well-intentioned endeavors that will ultimately fall short is difficult. But we need to clean up our environmental act somehow, and if we want to stave off the most devastating impacts of climate change then we may end up needing a long-shot Hail Mary or two. If even a fraction of what graphene advocates say is possible ends up happening, it'll indeed be a valuable weapon in the fight against fossil fuels. "We're just excited to see electrification become a reality," Breitenkamp said of graphene's potential to revolutionize electric cars. "For the last ten years, it's kind of seemed in the aether. Being able to make a car that's affordable enough to put in everyone's garage is going to shift a lot of things. It's going to shift the narrative on climate change and even jobs." More on clean energy: Sugar, Light, And A New Type of Chemistry — What It May Take To Wean Us Off Fossil Fuels Share This Article 
A team of scientists at Cornell University has created a stretchable fiber-optic sensor that detect exactly what you're doing with your fingers — a capability they say could revolutionize the way we interact with simulated objects in virtual reality. "VR and AR immersion is based on motion capture. Touch is barely there at all,” said Rob Shepard, an engineering professor at Cornell who worked on the glove, in a statement. "Let’s say you want to have an augmented reality simulation that teaches you how to fix your car or change a tire. If you had a glove or something that could measure pressure, as well as motion, that augmented reality visualization could say, 'Turn and then stop, so you don’t overtighten your lug nuts.' There’s nothing out there that does that right now, but this is an avenue to do it." The prototype glove, as detailed in a new paper published in the journal Science today, can detect deformations including pressure, bending and straining. The new sensor is made out of fiberoptic sensors that can tell how each finger is shifting based on the optical path of light. An onboard computer sorts the deformations into detailed data about your hand activity. The glove uses some basic and very inexpensive technology: Bluetooth for wireless data transmission, a lithium ion battery for power, and several LEDs. "We know that soft matters can be deformed in a very complicated, combinational way, and there are a lot of deformations happening at the same time," said co-author Hedan Bai in the statement. "We wanted a sensor that could decouple these." The researchers are now investigating if the technology could be used in physical therapy and sports medicine. But perhaps its greatest promise would be to let users in VR interact convincingly with a virtual world. "This skin is a way to allow ourselves and machines to measure tactile interactions in a way that we now currently use the cameras in our phones," Shepard said. "It’s using vision to measure touch. This is the most convenient and practical way to do it in a scalable way." READ MORE: Stretchable skin sensor could help you touch things in VR [Engadget] More on VR: New VR Headset Reads Your Biometrics to Find Your Breaking Point Share This Article 
A town in Japan has installed several terrifying robot wolves that can move and give off blood-curdling howls in an attempt to prevent bear attacks, The Guardian reports. The town of Takikawa got two of the "Monster Wolf" robots after bears were spotted in the surrounding neighborhoods in September, according to the newspaper. There's been an increase in bear sightings in rural areas in the country, according to Japanese broadcaster NHK News. Dozens of attacks, two of which were fatal, prompted officials to install the two faux wolves. クマ撃退にオオカミの形の装置 北海道 滝川市が本格導入検討https://t.co/QdqdoLdTOE#nhk_video pic.twitter.com/c4gMFdFmKs — NHKニュース (@nhk_news) October 19, 2020  The robots feature four "legs," a fur-coated body, and glowing red eyes. Their motion detectors can alert them of any bears nearby, triggering one of 60 different sounds. The robot maker behind the wolves has sold 70 units of them already in just about two years, The Guardian reports. In 2018, farms near Kisarazu City in Japan also installed "Super Monster Wolf" robots in an attempt to stop animals from eating crops. "I hope it will help create an environment where people and bears can coexist," Yuji Ota, president of the robot maker, told NHK last month. READ MORE: Japanese town deploys Monster Wolf robots to deter bears [The Guardian] More on robots: Unsettling Robot Grips Like an Elephant’s Trunk Share This Article 
It wasn't so long ago that understanding financial markets was fairly easy. You bought a stock, sat on it for years, and sold it when it was up once you needed the money. However, decades of advancing technology and financial theory have made investing vastly more complex. If you want to have a better insight into what traders are doing, and why, the Complete Wall Street & Cryptocurrency Trading Bootcamp is  just $30 (or 96% off the usual price), and will get you up to speed on everything from the basics to the riskiest, most complex innovations. The Complete Day Trading Bootcamp and Volume Trading 101: Day Trading Stocks with Volume Analysis are where you should start if you're new to playing the market. Day trading is the practice of buying and selling a stock in a single day; the idea is to take advantage of the minute-by-minute fluctuations in stock price to make a profit. Volume analysis is a crucial tool for day trading, as it looks at the overall transaction volume of a stock, that is, how much and how often it's being bought and sold, and uses that information to make stock calls. If you're wondering how the market can whipsaw in a minute, these two courses will teach you why. Finally, you can learn how stock traders analyze the market and make decisions with The Complete Technical Analysis Boot Camp. This will show you how technical analysis is used on markets, how to choose the most effective analyses, and how to act on them for maximum impact. Foreign exchange trading is much like day trading, except instead of the up-and-down of stocks, you look at the balance between different currencies. If this sounds complex, it very much is, and the Introduction to Forex: Learn to Trade Forex by Yourself course will show you the basics of how it functions, why traders use it, and how to begin exploring it for yourself. The Complete Forex Trading Boot Camp will explore applying those concepts in greater detail and how to use it as an investment vehicle. Between the traditional "buy it and sit on it" technique and the lightning strikes of day trading sit swing trading, where traders buy stock gambling on a "swing" in the market or industry sector that will pay big dividends. The Complete Stock Trading Boot Camp and The Complete Swing Trading Boot Course show you how to use the strategy, understand the risks, and apply them to start playing the market. Finally, you'll learn some of the cutting-edge techniques that are still being explored. The Complete Fibonacci Trading Boot Camp looks at Fibonnaci trading, or retracement trading, which attempts to look for specific "teeth" in a stock or market's sawtooth wave, places where the price drops or rises against the general trend. You'll also learn about where cryptocurrencies fit into overall investment strategies with Cryptocurrency Masterclass: Wallets, Investing & Trading, exploring the basics of cryptocurrency use and investing, andThe Complete Cryptocurrency Trading Boot Camp, which shows you how to use other investment techniques on crypto markets. At 96% off, or just $30, this bundle is ideal for both investors who are just getting started and those who want to better understand the financial news, even if they never touch a stock outside of their 401(k). Especially as markets become more complex and technology is brought more to bear on them, it's key to stay informed about how money works, whether you're playing or just watching the market. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
These days, a lot of us are feeling a little more rundown than usual, and for good reason. Life can be stressful and exhausting under normal circumstances. But with everything going on in the world right now, it can be especially difficult to stay focused, alert, and motivated. And that makes it really hard to accomplish your goals, or even just get through the day. However, the good news is that you don’t have to chug coffee and energy drinks to keep yourself going. A team of scientists called the Neurohacker Collective have created an advanced nootropics supplement called Qualia Mind that is specifically designed to give your brain the fuel and nutrients it needs to function at maximum capacity, without the jitters and sugar crashes often associated with coffee and energy drinks. (Use Promo Code PRODANDNEURO For 15-percent Off Your First Purchase) This is not a knock on caffeine by any means. There’s a reason people have been consuming it for thousands of years. It works by blocking the neurotransmitters in the brain that produce drowsiness. This keeps your neurons firing at full speed, which makes you feel awake. And studies show it is very effective at boosting mood. But what if you could do more for your brain than simply tricking it into being awake? What if you could give your brain nutrients that help it work better all the time? Well, with a well-designed nootropics supplement, you can. Nootropics are often marketed as “smart drugs,” which gives the impression that they’re going to boost your IQ and turn you into a rocket scientist or brain surgeon. But that is not actually the case. Nootropics are simply chemical compounds that help create the biological conditions necessary for optimal brain function. They include things like amino acids, vitamins, minerals, nutrients, and even stimulants such as caffeine. Some of these compounds serve as fuel for cognition. Others modulate various processes involved in neurotransmission. Nootropics won’t increase your cognitive potential, but they will help you make the best use of what you’ve got. Studies have shown that nootropics supplements can enhance cognitive functions such as reasoning, memory, alertness, focus, willpower, creativity, flexibility, and verbal fluency. Unfortunately, creating an effective nootropics supplement is not as simple as throwing a bunch of ingredients together. Formulating nootropics to maximize brain function requires a fundamental understanding of the complex interplay and synergy between specific ingredients at specific dosages. And nobody does this better than Neurohacker Collective. At Neurohacker Collective, they take a complex systems science approach to formulating nootropics supplements. What does that mean? It means they don’t just look to produce a certain effect in one system of the human body. Instead they take into consideration the entire ecosystem and its complex web of interactions, which is especially important when it comes to feeding the brain. But complex systems science is not the only thing that sets Neurohacker Collective apart. Unlike some companies, Neurohacker Collective is 100-percent committed to science and transparency. Their team is made up of top scientists in the fields of complex-systems modeling, neurobiology, organic chemistry, plus dozens of PhDs and medical doctors. And most importantly, their formulas are not proprietary. Not only does Neurohacker Collective tell you every single ingredient in their products, but they also publish all of their research, explaining in painstaking detail the science behind each one. Qualia Mind is one of the most comprehensive cognitive performance supplements on the market. It is specifically formulated to fuel cognition and promote long term brain health, with six different nootropic compounds, seven neuro-vitamins, two antioxidants, six adaptogen extracts, five amino acids, and two choline donors. All of the ingredients in Qualia Mind work synergistically to fuel neurotransmission, support the development of neurons and synapses, and promote neuroplasticity and neuroprotection. In real world terms, that means they should help you focus better, decrease procrastination, boost energy, overcome brain fog, and enhance creativity, while also optimizing memory and brain health as you age. Each bottle of Qualia Mind contains 154 capsules, which constitutes a 28-day supply when taking the recommended dose. New subscribers get 50-percent off the first order, plus 14-percent off all subsequent orders. Your first purchase comes also with free before-and-after cognitive assessments from Cambridge Brain Sciences. If you are not completely satisfied with your results, Neurohacker Collective offers a 100-day money back guarantee. (Use Promo Code PRODANDNEURO For 15-percent Off Your First Purchase) If you’re downing coffee and energy drinks like water in search of a boost and still find yourself hitting a wall, maybe it’s time to do more for your brain than slap it awake every few hours. Qualia Mind is one of the most advanced and comprehensive cognitive nutrition supplements on the market, designed to give your brain the fuel it needs to function at its full potential. So read up on the ingredients, check out the research, and give it a try. Who knows? It could change your life. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
These days, we do almost everything online, from shopping and banking to working and filing taxes. So what are you doing to protect you online privacy and security? If the answer to that question is somewhere between “not much” and “not sure,” the first thing you should probably do is subscribe to a VPN. And right now, you can get an amazing deal on a three-year subscription to CyberGhost, one of the most widely trusted VPNs in the world. Do you think you have true privacy when you use the Internet? Spoiler Alert: You don’t. Your Internet service provider logs every single thing you do online, and these records can be stolen or handed over to lawyers or government agencies at any time. Do you think you have true freedom when you use the Internet? Again: You don’t. Your access to videos, music, books, websites, and social media is restricted based on where you live. Do you think your personal data is truly secure when you use the Internet? You already know where this is going: It’s not.  If you ever use free wifi, or if your own wifi network isn’t up to date, your credit card info, usernames, and passwords can easily be intercepted and stolen by hackers. Every day millions of people put themselves at risk when they use the Internet. But it doesn’t have to be this way. With a VPN, or virtual private network, you can unlock the Internet and make it a place where you can do almost anything you want. When you subscribe to a VPN, you download special software that does two key things. First, it encrypts all outgoing and incoming data so that neither hackers nor ISPs can see what you are doing. Second, it hides your IP address by rerouting your Internet traffic through the VPN servers. That means you can access geo-restricted streaming, safely enjoy P2P torrenting, unblock websites, download books and movies, and stream sporting events without having to worry about prying eyes. If you start researching VPN services, you will quickly discover that none of them are 100 perfect. However, there are some that always seem to stand out from the pack, and CyberGhost VPN is one of them. CyberGhost VPN is perennially ranked among the best VPNs in the world by industry experts because it has all the premium features most people need at a price you simply cannot beat. These features include: The best part about CyberGhost VPN, aside from all the premium features, is the price. Right now they are offering three-year subscriptions—with an additional three months—for just $87.75. That works out to just $2.25 per month, which is an unreal price. Worried about possible buyer’s remorse? Well, here’s some more good news. CyberGhost offers a 45-day money-back guarantee. If you try it and don’t love it, just contact customer service for a full refund. If you want to experience true Internet freedom without worrying about people tracking or hacking you, you need to get a VPN. And you won’t find a better deal than this one from CyberGhost. So don’t wait. Sign up today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Winter's coming up, and no matter how the rest of 2020 goes, you're probably going to be spending more time inside — and thus, more time streaming. The Complete Entertainment Bundle, featuring a year of PlayStation Plus, will keep you learning, streaming, relaxing, and sleeping well for $199.99, a savings of 80%. Get free games, play multiplayer with friends, and land exclusive discounts with a year of PlayStation Plus. Whether you're a hardcore multiplayer fan, or just want to chill with friends with a board game, this will keep you playing. Learning a new language is a great way to keep your brain sharp and have fun while doing it. Memrise is a top language-learning app with 1.3 million+ reviews on Google Play store and 150k+ reviews on the App Store. It uses a three-step process that imitates how you learned a language the first time around and makes it just challenging enough to stay motivated. Want to surf the whole world, without restrictions or nosy looks into your data? This VPN will protect you for a lifetime as you browse and explore. Whether you love historical dramas, or detailed documentaries, History Hit is full of TV you won't want to miss, and that ensures you learn something while flipping channels. Wish your streaming was more global? Or perhaps you want to try out that new language you're learning? Topic has both domestic exclusives and TV and movies from around the world to shake up your usual streaming diet. Brought to you by First Look Media, the company behind the film Spotlight—a two-time Academy Award winner—Topic offers original movies, shows, documentaries, and foreign films with leading actors like Woody Harrelson, Tilda Swinton, Mark Ruffalo, and more. If your goal for 2021 is to get fit, yoga is a fun, low-impact way to get started. And if you can't reach, or just don't want to be inside of, a yoga studio at the moment, this streaming service offers a huge variety of styles and programs to get your practice started. If you miss getting rowdy at a movie with friends, give Kast a try. Kast lets you connect with your crew over a huge library of streaming media, from the intriguing to the cheesy, so you can stay in touch and crack each other up. We've all got a lot of streaming services to manage. BitMar helps you put them in one place, with extra features to add some fun while watching or listening. We all want better sleep. Restflix helps make it happen with soothing music, bedtime stories for adults, and other useful sleep tools that stream from your TV. Got a lot of home movies or custom content you want to watch wherever, whenever? Elmedia puts your content where you can watch it, using the power of your Mac. Similarly, if you've got a lot to watch on your Mac, or if you want to use your TV as an impromptu meeting space, play board games, or something else, this mirroring tool makes it simple to throw your screen up on any smart TV or dongle. Finally, don't forget the dog, who can be just as unsettled and anxious as you are. This service provides streaming audio and video for dogs to chill out to and gives their parents a break, too. At $199.99, this 80% off bundle will cover all your entertainment bases for the holidays and the coming year. Especially when the snow flies and you've gone through your entire queue, you'll be happy you stocked up. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
By now, we all know how critical meditation and mindfulness are in reducing stress, managing negative emotions, and keeping a cool head under constant stimuli. But meditation can be so, so much more than that. And now, you can explore how that is — and all the benefits others using other courses are missing — for less with a 58% discount on one year of Omvana. Meditation and mindfulness are good for managing the day, especially if it's been a day. Yet as more research is done, increasingly we see evidence that it's good for much more. The overall trend has been that a practice of mindfulness helps us to let go of our distractions and focus on the task at hand, whether it's rowing with perfect form or getting yourself into a place where you can get some sleep. Where Omvana comes in? They designed programs focused on each of these individual goals, and furthermore, built them for everyone. The key to Omvana is that it's built for anyone who needs it, from those with an established meditation practice to those of us who just need to take a minute for ourselves, but don't know where (or how) to start. Omvana's got a vast, and constantly-expanding library of meditation tracks keyed to a number of different approaches — from fitness to mastery of performance. First, it recruits a wide range of experts such as Marisa Peer, Bob Proctor, Vishen Lakhiani, Lisa Nichols,  and Michael Beckwith to design meditations around specific goals, and they're constantly growing their roster. This gives everyone a buffet of options to explore to tailor their practice to their needs and comfort level. You'll find inspirational speeches, talks focused on personal growth, guided meditations, and even poetry, all read by a diversity of speakers on a variety of topics. Secondly, there's music for every mood, including classic sounds of nature and meditation music. You'll also find relaxation audio, which is designed to help you ease into a better state, and binaural beats, an audio illusion that plays tones of slightly different frequencies in each ear, creating an internal rhythm for you to follow, whether you need a lift or to chill. Finally, Omvana has a unique mixer that lets you combine any vocal and musical tracks, so you can fit both mood and method to your goals. Perhaps you want to hear a motivational talk when you wake up, with an upbeat style, but wrap up the day with the same words and a soothing beat instead. The mixer makes it simple to keep your practice fresh, so you've always got something new to listen to. Since Omvana is an app, available on Android and iOS, you can take your practice with you wherever you go. Especially if you're looking for a way to add mindfulness to your day, this 58% discount, pricing a one-year subscription at just $24.99, will make it easy for you to put a little peace in your pocket. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We've all experienced the bizarre quirks of memory — like where you can't recall your boss' wife's name, but you can... somehow sing an ad jingle that's been off the air for years. Why? Too often we think of memory as one vast file cabinet. The reality: We have multiple forms of memory. The memory you draw on to remember how to ride a bike is different from the type you use to recognize that it's trash day — and we often get bound up in the details. Take, for example, the knuckle calendar, where you place your closed hands together and look at your knuckles to remember which months have 31 days. You don't have to remember the specific number of days for each month; instead you have to remember the order of the months and that a knuckle represents 31 days. The Boost Your Brain 101 Course, which is just $24.99, 87% off the usual price, explores how to use different forms of memory, mnemonic tools, and other processes to finally recall that face or remember what you read last night. It'll even help you get the most out of interactive courses using these strategies to reinforce vocabulary or concepts. Among the techniques laid out in the course are: Once you've got the methods down, the course delves into how to use them in everyday life, including remembering specific dates, memorizing vocabulary from an unfamiliar language, tying names to faces, and even giving a speech without bringing your notes. Practical memory helps keep us focused, on track, and ready to learn. And for $24.99, the Boost Your Brain 101 Course will ensure that you keep more information in mind and create the custom memory tools you need to succeed. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Washington state officials discovered something grizzly earlier this year: live specimens of "murder hornets." Signs of the aggressive insect, formally known as the Asian giant hornet, were first spotted in the Pacific Northwest back in December 2019, but only dead hornets were found at the time. Five months later, Washington state officials spotted the wasps emerging from hibernation, ringing alarm bells and making headlines. Last month, an entire murder hornet nest was spotted north of Seattle, near the Canadian border. And there's more bad news: according to the Washington State Department of Agriculture, an investigation of the nest found 500 live specimen in various stages of development, ABC News reports — including an astonishing 200 queens. That's bad news, since each one of those 200 queens has the potential to start its own nest somewhere else. "As far as we can tell, we got there just in time," Sven-Erik Spichiger, entomologist, who is leading the charge against the invasive species, told ABC. "We know from the literature that a small percentage of these will go on to form colonies next year, should they have been given the chance to escape." The two inch long killers can pose a real threat to bee populations around the country. They're able to eviscerate beehives in mere hours, decapitating the gentle honeybees and feeding the corpses to their own offspring. And yes, their stings hurt like hell, but they aren't deadly to humans unless you go into anaphylactic shock after being swarmed by dozens of them. The nest also contained 190 larvae, 112 worker bees, and six unhatched eggs. There were another 76 "new virgin queens" as well in their early stages of development. "From accounts we have, we're very close to having the majority of [the queen bees], but I can't give you an absolute, certainly, that we got every single one from the nest," Spichiger said. Washington officials have set hundreds of traps to fight the invasive species and eliminate them from the state. It's an uphill battle, though, as bee populations are already in decline. Luckily, the murder hornets will start to go dormant around Thanksgiving. But if last year is any indication, some of the killers could still be flying until mid-December. "The more people are outside and looking at this time of year, the more chances we have," Spichiger told ABC. READ MORE: More than 500 'murder hornets' collected from first known nest in US [ABC News] More on invasive species: Asian Ticks on New Jersey Sheep? Invasive Species Are a Reality of Our Future Share This Article 
SpaceX's workhorse Falcon 9, emblazoned proudly with the NASA logo on its side, went vertical at historic Launch Complex 39A in Cape Canaveral, Florida today. On Saturday November 14, the rocket will carry a Crew Dragon spacecraft loaded with a crew of four astronauts to the International Space Station. If all goes well, it's bound to be a historic moment. It's the first operational crew mission launching from American soil since the retirement of the Space Shuttle program in 2011. It's also the culmination of years of hard work — and a continuous effort to push for funding NASA's Commercial Crew Program. And while the Trump administration was quick to take credit for SpaceX's achievements in space travel, TIME reports, the program had one staunch supporter from its first inception in 2010: former vice president and now president-elect Joe Biden. "Joe Biden was very much a part of this whole thing," Bill Nelson, former Democratic senator from Florida who served under Obama and Biden, said during a press conference in May, as quoted by SpaceNews. Nelson recalled that Biden helped him push an authorization bill through Congress back in 2010 that backed the development of the commercial crew program, as well as the development of NASA's Space Launch System and Orion. Nelson spoke on the eve of the launch of Demo-2, the first-ever crewed test flight of SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft on May 27. "He was very much a part of the decision-making that went into this and ultimately brings us to this success that we hope will launch tomorrow," he said of Biden. "I spent a lot of time with him," former NASA administrator Charles Bolden who served under Obama and Biden, added. Saturday's historic launch comes just days after current NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine told Aviation Week that he would be stepping aside after Biden is sworn in as president in January. The Commercial Crew program was first established in 2011 and was designed to fund private industry alternatives for carrying astronauts to the ISS. The program's roots date back to the Bush administration, when NASA's Orion spacecraft was originally seen as the agency's next ISS shuttle. Orion was later relegated to deep space missions, including trips to the Moon. In September 2014, NASA chose Boeing and SpaceX to fly astronauts to the ISS — two years before Trump took office. Since then, development of both spacecraft, SpaceX's Crew Dragon and Boeing's Starliner, were plagued with delays, forcing NASA to keep making use of Russia's Soyuz spacecraft to ferry astronauts to the space station. Which brings us to now. Biden has rarely commented on space policy during his campaign. In fact, his platform has made almost no mention of it. In May, Nelson said that his hope is that a Biden administration "will continue to march the way that we’re headed now, heading back to the Moon and then on to Mars." But the ongoing global pandemic likely forced Biden's hand to focus on emerging and arguably more pressing matters instead, as TIME argues. Going forward, NASA's development of its Space Launch System and Orion capsule isn't likely to stop overnight. The agency has poured billions of dollars into both since their inception in 2004 — and with little progress given the time and funding. The SLS alone has run grossly over budget and behind schedule. NASA, under Trump, has repeatedly doubled down on returning astronauts to the Moon under its Artemis program — whether inside an Orion capsule or SpaceX's Starship. Whether the Biden administration will follow in those footsteps is still uncertain. Four main "priorities" recently listed on Biden's transition website don't include a space directive, leading some to believe that NASA may turn its focus towards climate change, not returning humans to the Moon by 2024, under Biden. On the campaign trail, Biden and vice president-elect Kamala Harris have placed far more emphasis on solving our current global crisis rather than space exploration. Whether that will mean less funding for the Artemis program is still too early to tell. "If they talk about the Green New Deal, that would rely heavily on NASA to be a part of getting that implemented using technology in orbit," Bolden told Politico. The Democratic Party's platform calls for "strengthening NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Earth observation missions to better understand how climate change is impacting our home planet" — while simultaneously "continuing the spirit of discovery that has animated NASA’s human space exploration." Current Democratic congressional members have also voiced their skepticism over whether NASA is even capable of meeting the 2024 deadline, as SpaceNews reported on Monday. But given Biden's history advocating for NASA's Commercial Crew program, the dream of landing the first-ever woman on the Moon — no matter how long it will take — is far from lost. READ MORE: As a Candidate, Biden Said Little About Space. Here's What He Might Do as President [TIME] More on Biden: The Head of NASA Is Quitting After Trump Defeat Share This Article 
Mark 2020 as the year remote work and flexible working hours became a permanent fixture of business. Just the facts: 35.2% of the US workforce alone worked remotely as of May 2020, a full 71.7% of those who can do their jobs away from a desk, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas. Yet: With change comes headaches. And for small businesses where Google is their IT department, managing devices has been a particular one. Fortunately, mobile device management (MDM) software, like Jamf Now, can help. Here are five questions to ask yourself. There's no shortage of jokes about IT software complications, yet the most basic question rarely comes up: How easy is it to use this stuff, day to day? Especially in a world where we're working remotely to protect our health, the last thing you need to be doing is shipping a flash drive to someone's house or driving over to check their laptop. Jamf Now has its software in the cloud, so a simple installation and update. Bring-your-own-device (BYOD) can be a useful policy for keeping IT budgets low, and getting employees started quickly. And in some cases, issuing everyone their own company iPhone may not make sense for your business, or didn't before everyone went remote. Break down what your needs are, what apps everyone needs to use in the field, what data needs to be secured, and so on, and then see if a rainbow of different laptops, smartphones, and tablets still makes sense or if you need to be more consistent. Regardless of your device policy, there are some things that need to be consistent. Nobody should be hunting for the Wi-Fi password or spend an hour configuring their email whenever they boot up in the office or be without a crucial app at the wrong moment. The right MDM software can centralize those situations, so it's simply a matter of logging in, downloading, and getting to work. And this is doubly important when your workforce is remote. With the tools stored in the cloud, your team can replace their stuff when it breaks or gets up to date without skipping a beat. MDM software can be used to centralize everything from pushing updates live across your entire organization to securing passcodes and even wiping the data off lost devices. Of course, if your business is, say, delivering flowers, you probably don't need quite that level of IT integration. Ask yourself what your crucial needs are and where you'll expand in the future. Even if there are no trade secrets stored on anybody's iPhone, if a device is lost or stolen, there can be profound implications for your business and customers. One dramatic example unfolded in 2002 when an unsecured laptop and hard drive were stolen from a Veteran's Administration employee, potentially exposing the data of 26 million people. Being able to remotely secure, change the passwords on, and wipe or lock devices can be crucial for your business, so a careful assessment of your security needs are in order. If you're looking for a solution to your IT needs, Jamf Now is running a special on their software, with a free account that includes three devices, plus only $2 per device after. Nobody needs to be the IT department on top of everything else, so look into MDM, and get back to the work that matters. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Fast radio bursts, or FRBs, are blips of cosmic energy that can unleash hundreds of millions times more power than the Sun in just a tiny fraction of a second. They've long puzzled astronomers — and given rise to theories that they could be signals from extraterrestrials. But now, a team of astronomers claim to have linked such an event to an actual object for the first time ever: a magnetar, a type of neutron star with an immensely powerful magnetic field, called SGR 1935+2154. It's 30,000 light years away, but still well within the confines of our own galaxy. The discovery was made using the Canadian Hydrogen Intensity Mapping Experiment (CHIME), a massive radio telescope in British Columbia, Canada. In April, a team of Caltech astronomers detected a blip, dubbed FRB 200428, so bright it could theoretically be seen from a neighboring galaxy. "We were able to determine that the energy dispersed is comparable to the energies of extra-galactic fast radio bursts, and in about one millisecond, this magnetar emitted as much energy in radio waves as [our] Sun does in 30 seconds," Christopher Bochenek, who worked on the radio telescope network that picked up the signal, told the BBC. Back then, scientists had already concluded that the signal likely emanated from the magnetar — but only now, as detailed in three new papers published in the journal Nature, have astronomers found the evidence to back up the theory. The research could give us tantalizing clues as to where these strange radio bursts come from — or at least where some of them come from. Ever since the FRB event in April, scientists have been trying to pinpoint the origin of the signal. "Before this event, a wide variety of scenarios could explain the origin of FRBs," Chris Bochenek, a doctoral student at Caltech who led one of the three studies, said in a NASA statement. "While there may still be exciting twists in the story of FRBs in the future, for me, right now, I think it's fair to say that most FRBs come from magnetars until proven otherwise," he added. FRB 200428 isn't just the first to be found within the Milky Way, but it is the first time we've detected not just the associated radio frequencies but also bursts of both X- and gamma rays, as detected by three separate space telescopes — which is only adding to the mystery. READ MORE: A fast radio burst in our own Galaxy [Nature] More on the event: Scientists Detect Powerful Radio Burst Coming From Our Own Galaxy Share This Article 
Been watching a lot of adult videos lately? Overall viewing stats for the last several months likely tell quite a story (of a slightly stressed-out, quarantined world). And from the looks of it, that upward trend is bound to continue. But maybe not the way you think. That's because VR sex is quickly changing from science fiction into a real-world fact. And the Titan VR from KIIROO is an ultra-realistic — yet affordable — option that's leading the way. What is the KIIROO Titan? Put simply, it’s the world’s first interactive vibrating stroker, and it will completely change the way you watch adult videos. As the product’s own website puts it, you’ll be able to actually feel what you see and desire with a level of realism that really can’t be believed until you try it for yourself. That experience comes courtesy of the Titan’s nine vibrating motors, spread across three strategically placed rows of bullets within the device’s real-feel sleeve. Those motors offer an unparalleled level of sensitivity thanks to the Titan’s touch sensitive pads. And thanks to its compatibility with other Titan devices, you can even hand that control over to a partner who is thousands of miles away (but will feel like they’re in the room with you). The Titan VR Experience is a one-stop shop for everything you need to get optimum fulfillment from thousands of videos (both in full virtual reality and conventional 2D). It uses synchronized vibrations to make you feel like you’re in the middle of the action. You get not just the Titan itself, but a pair of virtual reality goggles, a bottle of KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant, and a bottle of KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner. The time has never been better to expand your horizons in the world of erotic entertainment. And the Titan VR Experience by KIIROO is definitely the best way to explore this new terrain for the first time. The whole KIIROO Titan VR Experience can be yours at the special price of $199, with free (and discreet) shipping and handling. The included VR goggles are compatible with most major smartphones, and boasts high-quality ABS and 42mm diameter spherical resin lens material for minimal visual distortion and maximum immersive magnification. So if you’re ready -- or at least as ready as you’re going to be -- to enter the world of VR sex, head over to KIIROO and order your own Titan VR Experience now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to team of scientists at the Carnegie Institution for Science, an additional planet located between Saturn and Uranus got flung out of the solar system while it was still in its infancy. The theory goes that the Sun was once surrounded by a disk of gas and dust. Through countless collisions, planets started to form, orbiting our star at a relatively short distance. The more massive planets then kicked off a series of gravitational interactions, causing the planets to reshuffle into their current arrangement. To get a clearer picture of what that arrangement looked like before these interactions, the team conducted some 6,000 computer simulations. "We now know that there are thousands of planetary systems in our Milky Way galaxy alone," Carnegie postdoctoral fellow Matt Clement, lead author of a paper about the simulations published in the journal Icarus, said. "But it turns out that the arrangement of planets in our own Solar System is highly unusual, so we are using models to reverse engineer and replicate its formative processes." "This is a bit like trying to figure out what happened in a car crash after the fact — how fast were the cars going, in what directions, and so on," he added. They found that the final arrangement of Uranus and Neptune, two icy planets furthest away from the Sun, was determined by both the mass of the Kuiper belt, a region of dwarf planets and planetoids in the far reaches of the solar system, and an "ejected ice giant" that was kicked out when the planetary system was still young. "This indicates that while our Solar System is a bit of an oddball, it wasn't always the case," Clement explained. "What's more, now that we've established the effectiveness of this model, we can use it to help us look at the formation of the terrestrial planets, including our own, and to perhaps inform our ability to look for similar systems elsewhere that could have the potential to host life." READ  MORE: Where were Jupiter and Saturn born? [Carnegie Institute for Science] More on the solar system: Astronomers Want to Figure Out What the Hell Planet Nine Is Once and For All Share This Article 
A team of Japanese architects, under the "Space Port Japan Association" (SPJ) banner, have designed a breathtaking concept for a futuristic, four-story spaceport, meant to float just off the shore in Tokyo Bay. The concept, called "Spaceport Japan," echoes the layout of a traditional airport — except that spaceplanes, not commercial airliners, dock at various different gates. There are even drop-off and pick-up lanes via roadways that connect the spaceport to the mainland. A solar panel layer "hovers" over the structure, allowing for the placement of patios, open-air gardens, and "even farmlands in various scale, while providing covered public space for people and other means of personal mobility," a description by architecture firm Noiz Architects reads. Two towers will pierce through this solar panel layer, each dedicated to departures and arrivals, ensuring that the port will be "recognizable from far away." Upper levels will allow passengers to view the departure of various spaceplanes, which will take passengers on a two-hour space shuttle experience into orbit. The spaceport will provide real estate for space-based research and business. The site will also make sure passengers are entertained and catered to with a hotel, art museum, gym, aquarium, and even cinema. So far, Spaceport Japan is not much more than a beautiful computer render — but SPJ is hoping to turn the concept into a reality "as soon as possible" to expand the country's space industry. READ MORE: This floating spaceport in Japan could bring space travel to the city [CNN] More on spaceports: Elon Musk: SpaceX Building Floating Spaceports for Moon, Mars Launches Share This Article 
Driving is one of the major contributions we make, as consumers, to climate change. The average passenger vehicle dumps 4.6 metric tons of CO2 into the atmosphere every year, according to EPA estimates. Switching to an EV reduces those emissions — and now you're being offered a chance to win a Tesla Model 3, as part of a giveaway supporting the Playing For Change Foundation. The Playing for Change Foundation is a is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization dedicated to ensuring kids around the world have access to music and arts education. Currently working in ten different countries, the foundation helps music educators secure resources, develop curriculums built on local and regional artistic traditions, and provide ongoing support. Furthermore, it helps cultural ambassadors find jobs that support where they live, forming stronger roots in their communities. Arts education is more than just fun for kids, though. The evidence is piling up that arts education reduces disciplinary issues, helps with emotional connections, and raises grades across the board. That's especially important in regions of the world where schools are hard to get to or families experience economic pressures; the more successful kids are, the more committed families are to keeping them in school. It also helps to preserve cultures as the world shrinks and we become more connected every day. The UN estimates that 90% of the languages spoken on Earth will go extinct in the next century, as it becomes necessary to interact with the broader world. Learning traditional arts helps preserve those languages and traditions for future generations. Cultures are threatened by climate change as well. As areas become wetter or drier, climate change will force millions of people to flee their traditional homes. In some cases, their country and ancestral lands will simply no longer exist, either consumed by rising oceans or rendered uninhabitable on a permanent basis by changes in weather patterns. In the process, access to land, food, and traditions will be lost, families will be separated, and new social pressures will be introduced. And no matter how careful the move is, and how much effort is put into preservation, some cultural change — and loss — will be unavoidable. Making different decisions on a personal level can have a profound impact across the globe, and part of that is how much carbon and other greenhouse gases we put out on a day-to-day basis. Switching to an EV for your passenger vehicle will cut the average American's carbon footprint by 25% and have effects both up and down the supply chain. After all, the less gas we burn, the less fuel needs to be spent hauling, refining and pumping it. When you make a donation to Playing For Change through this giveaway, you'll be entered to win a standard 2021 Model 3, Tesla's luxury sedan—in Pearl White multi-coat paint with 18" aero wheels, and an all-black partial premium interior—featuring advanced automated features and top-notch design. Excited to help kids and get a shot at a Tesla? All you need to do is donate through a purchase of giveaway entries, starting at $10 for 100 entries. And the more you donate, the more entries you get, with $100 landing you 2500 entries. For more details, you can find the full terms and conditions on the giveaway page. Entries are accepted through December 31, 2020, so you've got plenty of time to pick up a chance to win. Really, though, when kids get access to music education, everyone wins. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We all learn, early on, that there's only so much glue can pull off, or rather, stick on. While there are some truly amazing glues out there, there's only so much adhesives can achieve, chemically speaking. Fortunately, when that toy snaps or that wire breaks, you've got more options than just a tube of superglue. The BONDIC Pro Kit, with extra refills, is 45% off and it will change how you fix your stuff. To understand why, let's look at how glue works. When you spread most glues on something, it makes the surface wet, as it seeps into the material. That begins triggering weak electrostatic forces called Van Der Waals forces. Think of these forces as a bunch of tiny magnets, scattered over a surface. Individually, they don't do much, but there's power in numbers. Press another surface into it, letting the glue do its thing on that surface, and you have two surfaces glued together. Some glues are better at this than others: Cyanoacrylates, for example, form an incredibly strong resin the second they're exposed to a scant amount of water, even water drawn from the air. But fundamentally that's what you're seeing at work. This is fine for some situations, but as anybody who's been gifted their child's macaroni art can tell you, sooner or later, glue loses its bond between surfaces and you'll need to apply more (or you're cleaning up dry pasta). It also introduces a substance between the two things you want to adhere, which may not be ideal if you're working with conductive materials. Furthermore, most adhesives work best with porous surfaces, making glass, metal, and other common materials hard to adhere. BONDIC is a form of welding. While this may make you think of steel beams and torches, welding is simply melding two pieces together until they solidify into one continuous piece. In this case, all you need is a specific wavelength of ultraviolet light, which comes from the provided curing pen. That also gives it some advantages over traditional glues that make it worth keeping around your shop. Why have BONDIC handy? And at just $21.99, 45% off, this kit makes it easy to reach for when the glue's not working. So whether you need to fix plastic parts, or just want a more permanent solution than glue, keep a little BONDIC handy. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
There are as many car insurance policies as there are cars. And drivers. That makes tools like The Zebra, which has been independently serving car insurance quotes from major providers since 2012, crucial to getting the best deal. But what goes into that quote in the first place? Here's what to know before you click/insure. The key built-in cost for any insurance policy is your liability insurance, or what a provider pays out if you're found at fault in an accident. Every state's got a different minimum liability, however, so that minimum depends heavily on where you live, and some states regulate rates, which may come as a surprise when you're moving and check how much you'll owe to get on the road. Look up your state's laws and know exactly what you're expected to cover, first. Once you know what you have to pay for the other guy, you should look at what it'll cost to pay for your car if it's taken off the road. Cars change in value over time, and policies that cover your car are generally limited to paying out its value (according, often, to standard-issue value books, like Kelley's Blue Book). You'll need to look at what the policy costs, what your car is worth, and the difference between the two; if you're paying more than your wheels are worth to cover it, you probably should update your policy. Deductibles are the amounts you'll pay out of pocket before your insurance kicks in. The more you're willing to pay up front, the lower your premium will be. Again, though, keep an eye on the value of your car. If your deductible's a substantial chunk of what it's actually worth, then you might want to change your policy. How much you drive affects your risk, so the less you drive, the better off you are in terms of insurance. It also means less wear and tear on your car, meaning it'll be worth more over time. While a lot of factors go into deciding your premium, knowing how much you usually drive in a given year is useful in figuring out your premium. Many providers offer discounts for anything that cuts down risk. Safe driving records and anti-theft devices are two common examples, but before comparing quotes, check into others. For example, if you're willing to spend a weekend or two on a defensive driving course, you can get a discount. You might even get one for being a member of a volunteer group. It's always worth checking, so you know what you can get. Now that you're ready to compare, check out The Zebra; it makes the process quick and easy! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Fans of the soccer team Caledonian Thistle FC from Inverness, Scotland, experienced something hilarious this week when the robot camera operator — automatically trained to keep the lens trained on the soccer ball using AI — kept mistaking the linesman's bald head for the ball, as IFL Science reports. The result: angry (or amused) soccer fans kept losing track of the game because the camera kept swiveling to zoom in on the referee's hairless head, as seen in a video uploaded to YouTube (bonus points for the excellent soundtrack). "The commentator had to apologise today as the camera kept on mistaking the ball for the linesman’s head," reads a now-viral tweet. Just weeks ago, the club proudly announced that it would be switching to the novel camera technology, called Pixellot, with "in-built, AI, ball-tracking technology to produce live HD footage." The true source of frustration, arguably, was the fact that fans had to endure the shoddy camera work from home as they weren't able to attend the games live due to COVID-19 restrictions. READ MORE: AI Camera Ruins Soccer Game For Fans After Mistaking Referee's Bald Head For Ball [IFL Science] More on AI: This Neural Network Turns You Into a Zombie Share This Article 
We just got our first look at an upcoming COVID movie called "Songbird," produced by the one and only Michael Bay — and it's a doozy. Get ready. The #SongbirdMovie trailer premieres tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/bvl67bynug — Songbird (@Songbird) October 28, 2020  The film examines the current disaster that is 2020, and contemplates what it would be like to live under quarantine for another few years — until the year 2024, when the movie is set. Is this what "four more years" could do to America? The trailer paints a gloomy picture of the near future. Basically, it sounds like the dystopian timeline that nobody wants to think about right now. Here's the premise. The number of deaths has risen to 110 million, caused by a "mutated" COVID-23 virus with a high mortality rate. Yes, dear reader, this is a movie the industry wants us to actually watch. Filmmakers Simon Boyes and Adam Mason wrote the outline for the story during lockdown this year, as Entertainment Weekly reports. Mason apparently called it a "crazy idea" when he pitched the idea to movie producer Adam Goodman. Surprising nobody, there will be a love story at the center of the film. "It’s Romeo and Juliet, but they’re separated by her front door and by the virus," Mason told EW. According to a press release, the protagonists of the story is an essential worker who has a rare immunity, played by teenage heartthrob KJ Apa, from "Riverdale" fame. Production kicked off on July 8 in Los Angeles, the first film to be made in the city since March, according to EW. Strict safety measures made filming complicated, with crews being limited to 40 or less. It took only 17 days to complete shooting the film. A major question remains: Who's this movie for? This is how Sofia Carson, who's playing the love interest, pitches the movie, despite the fact that anxiety is at an all time high across much of the globe: "Even though this is the pandemic thriller and it's suspenseful and terrifying, the heart of a story is hope," she told EW. READ MORE: Get your first look at pandemic thriller Songbird, starring KJ Apa [Entertainment Weekly] Share This Article 
Learning a new language is fun, but it can be so much more than that. Learning a new language is cross-training for your mind. It can improve your overall cognitive skills (even in unrelated disciplines, like math). Bilingualism is even a predictor of better outcomes for delaying and managing dementia. And, of course, it opens the door to a better understanding of other cultures, whether you want to visit a new country, or simply have a better, richer conversation with someone from somewhere else, wherever it is you are, in whatever first language it is they speak. However, many find learning a new language a steep, intimidating challenge. Even in countries where schools teach a second language as mandatory, just over half can speak a second language fluently. But it doesn't have to be hard. Memrise, which is just $99.99 for a lifetime subscription, a 28% discount, uses cutting-edge learning techniques to bridge that gap — and make it easier for everyone. Memrise uses a three-step process to build on the natural tools we develop from learning our primary language, modeled on language immersion. Think of language immersion as jumping right into the pool, intellectually, as opposed to dipping in your toe. Consider how we all pick up our primary language; sure, there are lessons to be schooled in, but we also use language every day, moment to moment, in ways large and small, speaking and reading, interacting with others. Memrise takes that exact approach to make other languages more accessible, working with the tools we've already developed for our first language, in order to learn a second. First, it uses real-life words and phrases to ease you into the language, via a learning engine that works with you to adapt your lessons over time. Language teachers have found that exploring real-world terms and phrases helps draw you into the lessons and makes the language easier to grasp. You won't have to slog through declensions, but instead, get a guided course that follows your needs and interests. If you're traveling, for example, and want to be sure you're communicating properly, you'll be guided through courses that focus on common travel terms and questions. Second, there are thousands of audio and video clips available on the app helping to create an immersive learning environment. These clips aren't of teachers repeating a lesson; they're of everyday speakers from different countries, giving you not just technical content, but also, the everyday feel of how a language is spoken. Tone, cadence, and other aspects of language are very different when you go from classroom to the real world – and these clips help you pick those up, making it easier to communicate. Finally, it develops a no-judgement zone where you learn as you practice, instead of throwing grammar lessons at you. While becoming fluent is the ultimate goal, everyone gets there through a different path and needs a different approach. Besides, the focus on learning by doing means that as you work with the grammar, you'll pick it up your way. Memrise is designed to come with you, whether you're heading out on a trip or just need something richer than a podcast on your commute. It's available on iOS and Android, and for Windows and Mac, so you can immerse yourself any time you've got a moment. You can also download courses to practice offline, whether you'll be off the grid for a while or just going into a tunnel. Learning a second language is both fun and useful, and if you've struggled before, now's the time to try it the natural way. And at just $100, this deal offers a lifetime of learning in a concise, easy to use package. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.   Share This Article 
Nonprofit product testing group Consumer Reports has determined that Tesla's Autopilot driving assistance feature is a "distant second" to General Motors' Super Cruise. Consumer Reports tested a total of 17 vehicles equipped with a variety of active driving assistance systems — which, as Consumer Reports emphasized, is still not the same as a fully autonomous vehicle. "To be clear, active driving assistance doesn’t make a car 'self-driving,' but rather it’s intended to support the driver — a well-designed system can help relieve driver fatigue and stress, such as on long highway road trips or in stop-and-go traffic," writes Consumer Reports. A Cadillac CT6 equipped with Super Cruise, a hands-free driving feature that's designed to make highway commutes more convenient, beat a Tesla Model Y with Autopilot when it came to safety and keeping the driver engaged. Tesla's Autopilot did, however, score highest in terms of its overall capabilities, performance and ease of use, also beating out others when it came to its lane keeping assist. Overall, Consumer Reports ended up giving Cadillac's Super Cruise a score of 69 out of 100, while Tesla's Autopilot, in second place, scored only 57. Super Cruise is rolling out to more than 20 different cars over the next three years, including the recently announced Hummer EV. GM's driver assist took the prize — the third year it was named the best driver assist system by Consumer Reports — in large part due to the fact that it warns drivers when they stop paying attention through the use of an infrared camera that ensures the driver's eyes are on the road. That's an important factor, because several highway crashes reportedly involving Tesla's Autopilot feature — which doesn't check if the driver is paying attention beyond making sure their hands are on the wheel — were likely caused by "automation complacency," a phenomenon in which drivers place too much trust in their vehicles' automation systems. Consumer Reports did not, however, specifically single out Tesla's Autopilot when discussing crashes related to the tech. The name "Autopilot" itself has proven to be highly controversial, with regulators saying it overstates the system's current capabilities. In July, a German court ruled that Tesla’s use of the term amounts to false advertising. "The evidence is clear: If a car makes it easier for people to take their attention off the road, they’re going to do so — with potentially deadly consequences," William Wallace, manager of safety policy for Consumer Reports, said in the report. "It’s critical for active driving assistance systems to come with safety features that actually verify drivers are paying attention and are ready to take action at all times." READ MORE: Cadillac's Super Cruise Outperforms Other Driving Assistance Systems [Consumer Reports]  More on Autopilot: Hackers Use Billboards to Trick Self-Driving Cars Into Slamming on the Brakes Share This Article 
Think about how much of your life revolves around the Internet. There’s streaming, shopping, banking, gaming, social media. You video chat with loved ones and store all your precious photos, videos, and important data in the cloud. You pay your bills, you send people money, you work, you go to school. Pretty much everything you do depends on the Internet. So: Have you taken steps to make sure you have the best Internet experience possible? With total freedom to do whatever you want? More importantly, have you taken steps to safeguard your online privacy and sensitive personal information? If the answer to those two questions is no, the first thing you need to do is get a virtual private network (VPN). And right now, for a limited time, you can get an absolutely insane deal on FastestVPN. So you’re going to want to act fast. When you subscribe to a VPN, you download special software to your laptop or Internet enabled device that does two key things. First, it encrypts all outgoing and incoming data. Second, it reroutes your Internet traffic through the VPN’s servers, which are located all over the world. By encrypting all incoming and outgoing data, VPNs prevent your Internet services provider from keeping track of what you are doing online, and it makes sure things like credit card numbers and passwords from being stolen by hackers. By routing you through their servers, VPNs hide your IP address, protecting your location and identity. So what does that mean for you in real world terms? It means you can use unsecured public WIFI  to shop or bank without worrying that hackers will steal your info. It means you can visit any website or download whatever you want without worrying that some government agency will come knocking at your door. It means you can access geo-restricted content, because you can make it look like you are almost anywhere in the world. In other words, it means you have privacy and freedom when you go online. Or at least, that’s the theory. In reality, if you want to make sure you have true privacy and freedom, you have to make sure your VPN has the right features. You see, some VPN services use outdated encryption protocols. Some have old servers that slow down your connection so you can’t stream HD media. And believe it or not, some actually keep logs of all your activity, even though privacy is one of the main reasons people sign up for VPNs in the first place. Luckily, FastestVPN has all the features the average consumer should look for in a VPN and then some. Despite their unbelievable low price, FastestVPN has all the premium features you need to unlock true Internet freedom. These include: Most premium VPN services with all the features you see above will run between $40 and $60 per year, or between $3 and $5 per month. And quite frankly, that’s pretty reasonable. However, right now you can get a five-year subscription to FastestVPN for just $50, which is less than a dollar per month. Of course, even though it’s an amazing deal in theory, nobody wants to flush $50 down the toilet on something that turns out to be an inferior product. That’s why FastestVPN offers a 15-day money back guarantee. Try it for two weeks. If you don’t think it’s worth 83 cents a month, just contact customer service and they’ll give you a refund, no questions asked. If you’re ready to get serious about your online privacy and security, there has never been a better time than now to take action. Click here to take advantage of FastestVPN’s amazing $50 promotion today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of NASA scientists has spotted strange flashes of light known as "transient luminous events" (TLEs) in the upper atmosphere of Jupiter. Events like these have never been observed on another world until now — though here on Earth, scientists have observed similar flashes of light that occur far above lightning storms here on Earth, triggered by discharges of electricity in the upper atmosphere. For a while, astronomers have theorized their existence in Jupiter's massive, turbulent atmosphere. Thanks to new data collected by the ultraviolet spectrograph instrument (UVS) attached to NASA's Juno spacecraft, a small space probe that's been orbiting the gas giant since 2016, the team was finally able to confirm their presence, as detailed in a new paper published in the Journal of Geophysical Research: Planets. "UVS was designed to characterize Jupiter's beautiful northern and southern lights," Rohini Giles, Juno scientist and lead author, said in a statement. "But we discovered UVS images that not only showed Jovian aurora, but also a bright flash of UV light over in the corner where it wasn't supposed to be." "The more our team looked into it, the more we realized Juno may have detected a TLE on Jupiter," he added. The flashes resemble TLEs we experience on Earth in numerous ways. According to Giles, these events on Earth, including "sprites," which large-scale electrical charges occurring above thunderstorms, and "elves" (Emission of Light and Very Low Frequency perturbations due to Electromagnetic Pulse Sources), which are massive halos of light occurring around 100 km above thunderstorms, "appear reddish in color due to their interaction with nitrogen in the upper atmosphere." On a different world, these rare events would look quite different. "But on Jupiter, the upper atmosphere mostly consists of hydrogen, so they would likely appear either blue or pink." "Now that we know what we are looking for, it will be easier to find them at Jupiter and on other planets," Giles said. "And comparing sprites and elves from Jupiter with those here on Earth will help us better understand electrical activity in planetary atmospheres." READ MORE: Juno Data Indicates 'Sprites' or 'Elves' Frolic in Jupiter's Atmosphere [Jet Propulsion Lab] More on Jupiter: Research: Jupiter Likely Turned Venus Into an Uninhabitable Hellhole Share This Article 
You might not realize it, but not everything you do online and “in the cloud” is equal in terms of performance. Physical proximity between users and the cloud servers they access can affect those two all-important qualities for work done online: speed and performance. Edge computing is the process by which workloads and data are distributed across a number of servers for closer proximity to end users, with fewer “hops” between locations, better security, faster speeds, and all around better experiences for users. And Stackpack is the absolute best way to put edge computing to work for your business. Traditional cloud computing doesn’t take physical proximity into account, so workloads are centralized in locations that could be halfway across the globe from end users. This means data can make several stops on its way from one end of the Internet to the other. Each one of those stops costs time and money. And when you’re dealing with a lot of users and data, it doesn’t take long for that time and money to add up. But Stackpath spreads the process out geographically, allowing for shorter distances, fewer stops, and savings of both time and money. Stackpath has the edge (so to speak) on other edge computing services. That's because it gives developers a full cloud platform as opposed to the managed edge services you’d get from other providers. Stackpath has all the components you need for your own edge solutions, with robust APIs for total access and transparency. Users will enjoy higher speed thanks to Stackpath’s lower latency compared to traditional central cloud computing, as well as better security with features like DDoS mitigation built in across all products and services. The Stackpath EdgeEngine platform is completely origin agnostic, which allows for totally seamless integration of services from any cloud or data center, public or private. It’s also technology agnostic, designed for future proof modularity and to accommodate any new future technologies across the platform. This allows for the development of new features and capabilities as technology continues to advance. Stackpath’s global network is also among the best in the game. It closes the gap between you and your end users thanks to its private backbone connecting all locations. And it does so faster and more securely than ever before. How fast? More than 65tbps, with up to three times less latency from compute node to end user. And the network’s global scale means that you’ll have a local presence for the vast majority of users across the world. Its high-performance stats allow for high-quality video streaming on par with Netflix or YouTube. As Adam Brown, the cofounder of Mux and a satisfied Stackpath customer, puts it: “Our video platform makes it possible for any publisher to stream video at the same quality as Netflix or YouTube. StackPath is critical for us to accomplish this.” To get started with Stackpath, and for more information on their prices and services, head over to their official site now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Using a massive radiotelescope in Chile, a team of NASA scientists say they've spotted a highly unusual molecule in the atmosphere of Titan, Saturn's largest moon. The molecule in question is cyclopropenylidene, or C3H2. It's an exciting find because molecules similar to it form parts of the nucleobases of DNA and RNA, structures that carry the genetic code of life — though, the researchers were quick to point out, that doesn't necessarily mean the discovery is proof of life on Titan. "When I realized I was looking at cyclopropenylidene, my first thought was, 'Well, this is really unexpected,'" research lead Conor Nixon, a planetary scientist at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, said in a statement. Previously, the rare molecule had only been spotted in clouds of gas between star systems, regions NASA says are too cold and empty for exciting chemical reactions to occur. Titan's atmosphere, however, appears to be teeming with reactions, one of the many reasons NASA wants to study the world using a beefy octocopter drone called Dragonfly. "Titan is unique in our solar system," Nixon said. "It has proved to be a treasure trove of new molecules." Titan's atmosphere may resemble Earth's far more than other moons in our solar system — it even features rivers and lakes, as well as a subsurface ocean of salty water — but it's still a pretty inhospitable place for life as we know it. Its nitrogen-heavy atmosphere is four times as dense as Earth's, with gravity slightly less than the Earth's Moon. That hasn't dissuaded scientists from investigating it for signs of life, especially considering that the atmosphere also contains a trace of methane, which can trigger a whole host of intriguing chemical reactions. "We’re trying to figure out if Titan is habitable," Rosaly Lopes, senior research scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), who's an expert on the matter but wasn't involved in the research, said in the statement. "So we want to know what compounds from the atmosphere get to the surface, and then, whether that material can get through the ice crust to the ocean below, because we think the ocean is where the habitable conditions are." There's still a lot to be learned about the mysterious moon's atmosphere. In fact, we have yet to figure out how C3H2 interacts with other gases in the atmosphere. "We’ll be looking for bigger molecules than C3H2 [on Titan], but we need to know what’s happening in the atmosphere to understand the chemical reactions that lead complex organic molecules to form and rain down to the surface," said Melissa Trainer, a NASA Goddard astrobiologist, who was also not involved in the study. READ MORE: NASA Scientists Discover ‘Weird’ Molecule in Titan’s Atmosphere [NASA] More on Titan: Astronomers Say They Found “Dry Lake Beds” on Saturn’s Moon Titan Share This Article 
There is indeed water on the Moon, NASA announced today — and not only trapped in shadowy craters, but mixed into the soil on our closest neighbor's Sun-lit side as well. That means that Moon astronauts could have a steady supply not only of drinking water, but possibly rocket fuel as well if they break the H2O apart into hydrogen and oxygen. The bad news, though, is that we have no clue how to extract the precious water. "It is the same thing as we drink on Earth," Shuai Li, a planetary scientist at the University of Hawaii and co-author on one of the new studies, told CNET. "But the abundance is extremely low. You will need to process a few thousand kilograms of lunar regolith to get 1 kilogram of water." In other words, you'd need to sift through a cubic meter of lunar soil to extract a small water bottle's worth. That's a reality that NASA was quick to acknowledge in its own official announcement. "We had indications that H2O — the familiar water we know — might be present on the sunlit side of the Moon," Paul Hertz, director of the Astrophysics Division in the Science Mission Directorate at NASA, said in the statement. "Now we know it is there," he added on a more tentative note. "This discovery challenges our understanding of the lunar surface and raises intriguing questions about resources relevant for deep space exploration." The researchers suggest a lot of this water came to the Moon's surface through a mix of battering micrometeorites, solar winds and cosmic rays. That means the water may be trapped in glass — a conundrum in itself for thirsty astronauts. It would also still be a scarce resource — despite the fact that hundreds of thousands of square kilometers of the Moon's surface are dotted with tens of billions of tiny ice "traps," as one of the papers found. "To be clear, it’s not puddles of water, but instead water molecules that are so spread apart that they do not form ice or liquid water," Casey Honniball, a postdoctoral researcher at NASA’s Goddard Spaceflight Center, and lead author of one the papers, explained to The New York Times. At the same time, the findings could be much worse. As detailed in a pair of papers published in the distinguished journal Nature today, at least it's definitely water — and not hydroxyl, which is "actually the active ingredient in drain cleaners," as Honniball told the Times. Luckily, we may soon get answers. NASA is already planning to send a small satellite, a Caltech-led mission called Trailblazer, to the Moon to quantify and study water on the Moon. The agency is also planning to send a water-hunting rover called Volatiles Investigating Polar Exploration Rover (VIPER) to the space rock in late 2023, less than a year before NASA wants to send the first astronauts to the surface of the Moon as part of its historic Artemis program. And there are already a few ideas for extracting potable water and rocket fuel from lunar regolith. One option is to separate water from soil by heating it up considerably using electricity, a method being investigated by Philip Metzger at the University of Central Florida. The process, on a technical level, would be quite complex, as Metzger laid out in a brief for NASA's Institute for Advanced Concepts program. The ice would have to be sublimated into vapor, which would then get re-frozen before being converted into vapor again for purification inside a chemical processor. That lengthy process could be prohibitively expensive, so Metzger is suggesting that we could simplify the process considerably by running the soil through a "simple, ultra-low-energy grain-sorting process can extract the ice without phase change" instead, as he put it in a NASA brief. The European Space Agency is also investigating ways to turn lunar soil into drinkable water — and breathable oxygen while they're at it. By 2025, the agency wants to send a robotic mission to the Moon to begin testing mining technologies. To pull it off, the agency signed a contract last year with ArianeGroup, a space development venture. Despite still being over a decade away, NASA's ambitions to create a permanent human presence on the Moon, following the return of the first astronauts in just over 50 years, is slowly inching towards becoming a reality. But having to supply the lunar surface with water could make that process extremely expensive or even pose an existential threat to such an endeavor. Finding evidence of water on the Moon is a tantalizing prospect — but only meaningful insofar as we're able to actually make use of it. A telescope uncovers definitive evidence of water on the moon More on the discovery: NASA’s Big Moon Surprise Is That Lunar Soil Contains Water Share This Article 
It's an "exciting new discovery" that NASA has been hyping up for since last week. Water has been confirmed for the first time on the sunlit surface of the Moon — not just in the form of ice limited to the shadowed surfaces of larger craters as previously thought. In other words, even when exposed by the warming radiation from the Sun, water is capable of surviving there. It's a tantalizing result, and one that could have huge implications for human settlement of the natural satellite, but plenty of questions remain: we still don't know if the water is accessible to use as a resource. NEWS: We confirmed water on the sunlit surface of the Moon for the 1st time using @SOFIAtelescope. We don’t know yet if we can use it as a resource, but learning about water on the Moon is key for our #Artemis exploration plans. Join the media telecon at https://t.co/vOGoSHt74c pic.twitter.com/7p2QopMhod — Jim Bridenstine (@JimBridenstine) October 26, 2020  A pair of papers published by the journal Nature detail the discovery, which was made using NASA's Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA). Using SOFIA, the team identified liquid water's unique fingerprint near the southern pole of the Moon. It's not there as "puddles of water," as Casey Honniball, postdoctoral fellow at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center and lead author of one of the studies, described during a live stream, but spread out molecules of H2O. It's also not an awful lot of water: about 12 liquid ounces in a cubic meter of soil. It might also be quite tricky to extract as it's completely mixed in with the soil. The scientists suggest the water could have come through either the solar winds, or from impacting micrometeorites that may have contained water on their own. The second paper found that the Moon is dotted with "billions" of tiny craters, creating shadowed regions all over its surface. The researchers concluded that these regions are technically cold enough to hold frozen ice. These mini craters would also be far easier to access by astronauts. That means the discovery has major impacts on NASA's plans to send astronauts to the surface of the Moon as soon as 2024 and establish a permanent human presence by the end of the decade. "If we find that it’s abundant enough in certain locations, it would be easier to access versus going into these very cold, very dark places," Honniball told The Verge. In addition, water wouldn't need to be brought there as payload on rockets, a highly expensive process. SOFIA, a collaboration between NASA and the German Aerospace Center, is at its core a massive telescope mounted to the inside of a gutted 747 jumbo jet. A large door cut into the side of the body of the plane allows an 8.2 foot diameter telescope to make infrared observations at altitudes of over 40,000 feet — well above the atmosphere's obscuring water vapor. SOFIA hunts for a number of different celestial events, including the birth and death of stars, the formation of new solar systems, and the identification of complex molecules in space. NASA had to ground SOFIA in mid-March due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, with flights resuming only in early June. The project even faced existential threats to its funding when no funding was allocated for SOFIA in NASA's fiscal year 2021 budget proposal. READ MORE: NASA Live: New Science Results from NASA’s SOFIA (Oct. 26, 2020) [YouTube] More on the Moon: The Moon Is Getting Cell Service Share This Article 
NASA may have gotten a little overzealous with its OSIRIS-REx spacecraft, allowing it to bite off more asteroid than it can chew. Last week, in a triumphant first for the space agency, its spacecraft touched down on Bennu, a small near-Earth asteroid some 500 meters across, to scoop up a sample to bring back home. At first, everything seemed to have gone according to plan. But only three days later, scientists made an unfortunate discovery: OSIRIS-REx scooped up so many space rocks that its "mouth" was jammed open, with bits of asteroid rubble tumbling out into space. "The loss of mass is of concern to me, so I’m strongly encouraging the team to stow this precious sample as quickly as possible," Dante Lauretta, OSIRIS-REx principal investigator, said in a statement. According to NASA, the spacecraft scooped up at least 60 grams of surface material — but it likely took up far more than that. After reviewing the images, the OSIRIS-REx team found that particles were escaping through tiny gaps around the collector's lid The team, however, isn't too discouraged by the news. "Bennu continues to surprise us with great science and also throwing a few curveballs," said Thomas Zurbuchen, NASA’s associate administrator for science. "And although we may have to move more quickly to stow the sample, it’s not a bad problem to have," he said. "We are so excited to see what appears to be an abundant sample that will inspire science for decades beyond this historic moment." In response, the team decided to postpone mass measurement activities and a braking burn that was scheduled for October 23. "We’re almost a victim of our own success here," Lauretta said during a last-minute news conference on Friday, as quoted by The Washington Post. "Time is of the essence," Zurbuchen added. OSIRIS-REx will — regardless of the amount of material stored in its belly — make its long return journey to Earth and land, if everything else goes according to plan, some time in 2023. "I think we’re going to have to wait until we get home to know precisely how much we have," Lauretta said during the conference, per the Post. "As you can imagine, that’s hard... But the good news is we see a lot of material." READ MORE: Asteroid samples escaping from jammed NASA spacecraft [The Washington Post] More on the mission: Watch NASA’s Spacecraft Touch Down on a Tiny Asteroid Share This Article 
3D printing is saving lives, improving the lives of animals, and even helping us revive the voices of the dead — literally. Yet: It can be an intimidating field if you're new to it, and if you're not sure where to start. SparkMaker offers a great place to start learning about 3D printing — by putting a machine right on your desk, with their Original SLA Starter Bundle, which is 39% off for a limited time. SLA is short for stereolithography, better known as resin 3D printing. Originally, 3D printers (especially desktop models) used "fuse deposition modeling," or FDM, which melted a plastic filament and squeezed that out to create the model. It's good enough for basic work, but it lacks high resolution and finesse, especially at smaller scales. An SLA printer skips the melting step and works with liquid resin. When this resin is exposed to a specific wavelength of light, it hardens into a polymer. The resin is easier to handle as a raw material and it simplifies the process, reducing the risk of a flawed model. This allows SLA printers to deliver crisp, more complex models with micrometer precision. Once you're done, you'll have less finishing to do and can move on to the next part of your project. Whether you're running off custom miniatures for your next tabletop gaming adventure, or prototyping parts for a device you're building, you'll spend less time printing and more time making. The SparkMaker Original is designed to print easily and quickly. To start with, it has a 3.9" x 2.2" x 0.5" mold area, allowing it to fit easily on a desktop so you can monitor the process while doing other work. It doesn't need to be online, either, as it can print from an SD card with a pre-loaded design, and at only 4.8 pounds, it's easy to take with you or loan to your friends to create their own models. It even has a button and knob interface to make it easy to use, so you won't have to struggle with any complex on-device controls. In addition to the printer, the starter bundle includes two resins to try out, plus everything you need to assemble and run the machine. So whether you're dreaming of the next big thing, or want to see your art leap from computer to resin, you can make it happen, and for just $194.99. Prices subject to change. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to investing, real estate can be a great way to hedge against the ups and downs and general uncertainty of the stock market. However, for a long time, investing in real estate was complicated, especially when it came to residential rental properties. First, you’d have to go through the onerous process of actually finding and purchasing the right property, whether it was a house, apartment building, or condo. But of course you were almost always limited to properties in your area. Then you’d have to find a tenant. Then you’d either have to manage the property yourself, or find a reliable property manager to do it for you. In short, despite the benefits of investing in residential rental properties, it was just a whole lot easier to put your money in a traditional portfolio of stocks and bonds. But what if it wasn’t so complicated? What if there was a way to make investing in real estate easier? That would be a game changer, right? Well, thanks to an innovative tech-driven investing platform called Roofstock, buying investment properties is easier than ever. Before we get to Roofstock, we should talk about what makes the single-family rental (SFR) sector such an attractive investment. Right now, there are 16 million SFR units in the United States worth an estimated $3 trillion. But it’s not just the size of the market that makes SFRs a good investment. Really, it all boils down to three factors. First, SFRs give investors two different ways to make money. Not only do they generate income every month from rent, but assuming you picked the property in the right area, its value should appreciate over time. That’s what you call a win-win. Second, studies based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, S&P 500 returns, and U.S. Treasury returns have shown that the SFR market offers similar returns to the stock market, but with less volatility. Whether the economy is good or bad, people always need somewhere to live. Third, and perhaps most importantly, SFR returns are uncorrelated to the stock market, meaning they are not affected by the same economic forces. That makes the SFR market an excellent choice for anyone who wants to diversify their investments and hedge against market downturns. When Roofstock was founded in 2015, their mission was to make investing in single family rental properties “radically simple.” To do this, they built a comprehensive online platform for buying single-family rental properties that streamlines the entire transaction process and gives investors powerful tools to make smart decisions. With Roofstock, you shop for and purchase rental properties through their online marketplace. Their curated inventory is assessed by powerful AI analytics, and the properties are located all over the country. Every single listing has a proprietary “neighborhood score,” plus all other financial, quantitative, and qualitative data that you previously had to pull together from a variety of sources. That means you can live in California and shop for properties in Florida with full confidence, and all without having to leave your living room. Once you find a property you like, you bid on it through Roofstock. If the bid is accepted, they will guide you through escrow and closing. If you don’t want to manage the property yourself, they can even hook you up with one of their preferred property managers. Amazingly, many of the properties available in the Roofstock marketplace already have tenants, which means they will start generating income as soon as you take ownership. However, for vacant properties Roofstock has what they call a “Lease Up Guarantee”: They guarantee you will secure a signed lease on your rent-ready home within 45 days of closing, or they will cover rent for up to a year. That’s not the only guarantee Roofstock offers. Believe it or not, there’s also a 30-day money back guarantee on the purchase of your rental home: if you are not satisfied with your purchase, all you have to do is contact Roofstock within 30 days of closing and they will start the refund process. Roofstock is a one-of-a-kind, one-stop online marketplace for researching, buying, and connecting with partners for financing and property management. Unlike traditional real estate transactions, there are no geographical barriers, and properties are pre-selected for their ability to generate income. You also get access to powerful analytic tools, and you get support from a team of experts throughout the process. So if you’ve been thinking of investing in real estate, but weren’t sure you wanted to deal with the hassle, you need to take a look at Roofstock, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of astronomers from the University of Kansas (KU) have discovered evidence for an atmosphere around an extremely hot exoplanet — and it shouldn't exist, they say. The exoplanet is a "hot Neptune," a giant planet with a mass similar to Uranus or Neptune that orbits so close to its star that its surface is exposed to massive amounts of radiation. Generally speaking, these types of planets end up being much hotter than Neptune. But there's something unusual about this particular one, dubbed LTT 9779b and located some 260 light years away. By analyzing data from NASA's TESS and Spitzer space telescope, they found it had an atmosphere — despite its scorching temperature. "For the first time, we measured the light coming from this planet that shouldn't exist," Ian Crossfield, assistant professor of physics and astronomy at KU and lead author of the paper published in the journal Astrophysical Journal Letters, said in a statement. "This planet is so intensely irradiated by its star that its temperature is over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit and its atmosphere could have evaporated entirely," he added. "Yet, our Spitzer observations show us its atmosphere via the infrared light the planet emits." Despite the existence of an atmosphere, LTT 9779b would be a horrible place to live. "This planet doesn't have a solid surface, and it's much hotter even than Mercury in our solar system — not only would lead melt in the atmosphere of this planet, but so would platinum, chromium and stainless steel," Crossfield said. "A year on this planet is less than 24 hours — that's how quickly it's whipping around its star. It's a pretty extreme system," he added. But it's not quite as hot than other exoplanets of its kind. "The planet is much cooler than we expected, which suggests that it is reflecting away much of the incident starlight that hits it, presumably due to dayside clouds," co-author Nicolas Cowan of the Institute for Research on Exoplanets (iREx) and McGill University in Montreal said in the statement. The discovery has the team excited about future research. "I wouldn't say we understand everything about this planet now, but we've measured enough to know this is going to be a really fruitful object for future study," Crossfield said. In fact, NASA is planning to have a closer look using its long-awaited James Webb Space Telescope. While it may be extremely inhospitable, the research could lead to us spotting other far more hospitable places in the universe. "If anyone is going to believe what astronomers say about finding signs of life or oxygen on other worlds, we're going to have to show we can actually do it right on the easy stuff first," Crossfield said. "In that sense these bigger, hotter planets like LTT 9779b act like training wheels and show that we actually know what we're doing and can get everything right." READ MORE: New study details atmosphere on 'hot Neptune' 260 light years away that 'shouldn't exist' [University of Kansas] More on hot exoplanets: This Gigantic Neptune-Sized Exoplanet is Incredibly Close Share This Article 
Thinking about making the switch to solar energy? Whether you’re motivated by environmentalism, economics, or both, there’s never been a better time. Solar, you might've heard, is more affordable than ever. But: It can still be pretty complicated. First, you have to learn about the various laws and regulations in your area. Then you have to calculate how much sunlight your house gets, how much money to stand to save or lose over the life of your system. Not to mention what kind and how many solar panels to buy, the best way to pay for them, the best people to install them, and so much more. In short, it can be pretty confusing. That’s why, if you’re serious about going solar, you should definitely start by consulting with solar energy experts like the ones at Understand Solar. Understand Solar is a third party solar energy advocate. They don’t sell solar panels. They don’t install them. Instead, they educate consumers, provide free estimates, and put consumers in touch with local installers. If you’re new to solar, Understand Solar has the educational resources you need to become an expert. Learn how solar energy systems work, how they connect to the public grid, how much solar panels cost, and how long solar panels last. Understand Solar can also teach you about the various financing and leasing options available in your area, as well as any tax incentives available, such as the federal solar tax credit. When you’re ready to take the next step, Understand Solar provides you with free a personalized assessment. All you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. After that, an Understand Solar expert will contact you via phone and go over your assessment and any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. At that point you may learn that solar is not right for you. Maybe your house doesn’t get enough direct sunlight. Maybe the regulations and energy rates in your area make it unprofitable. However, you may learn that solar would make an outstanding investment. The average cost of installing solar power systems has dropped a whopping 70 percent over the last decade thanks to lower equipment costs, lower installation costs, and government incentives like the federal solar tax credit. And naturally, as the startup costs have gone down, solar has become much better long-term investments. Of course, the first thing most people think about when they consider solar is reducing their electricity bill. And it’s true that in some cases you can nearly or completely eliminate your dependence on traditional energy. However, those savings are often balanced out by the cost of installing the system, especially when you do long term financing. This isn’t a bad thing. You’re still doing something great for the planet by lowering your carbon footprint, and at the very least you are breaking even financially. But where you really stand to make money from an investment in solar is over the long term. Over the last few years, we have started to get a much better idea of the value solar energy systems can add to a home. Though everything depends on where you live and how much sunlight your property gets, generally speaking homes with solar energy systems sell faster and for higher prices than homes without solar energy systems. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1 percent to the value of the average home. Another found buyers are typically willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another concluded that you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar energy installed. When you factor in projected increases in electricity rates over 10 to 20 years, and all the money you’ll save on traditional energy, plus the value a solar energy system can add to your home, solar panels can be a very good long term investment. In fact, it’s entirely possible that an investment in solar energy could outperform traditional investment portfolios over the course of 15-to-20 years. So if you're ready to find out if solar energy is right for you, get your free personalized solar energy assessment from Understand Solar, today. You’ve got nothing to lose, but plenty to gain. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
"Elon, you mad man." That was one reaction to Tesla's latest "Full Self-Driving" (FSD) beta, an upgrade to the electric car company's self-driving suite that CEO Elon Musk called a "quantum leap," by an owner who was selected to test it out this week. Musk's dream of fully autonomous driving just made a substantial jump forward. To some, it's a major technological accomplishment — and to others, a reckless move that is a disaster waiting to happen. So far, the beta has only gone out to a small group of hand-picked drivers who Musk characterized as "expert and careful drivers." Until now, Autopilot and FSD — the latter of which is getting a $2,000 price increase to $10,000 — have allowed Tesla owners to change lanes, get on and off highways, and summon their cars in parking lots. The most recent update that had gone out to the public allowed vehicles to slow down and accelerate at stop lights autonomously. But the new beta is something else, at least given the reaction by the folks behind Tesla fan club Tesla Owners Silicon Valley, as seen in the video below. The new update allows the vehicle to highlight everything on the road, including pedestrians, unmarked lane dividers, and even parked cars on the side. The result is a dashboard glittering with glowing, colored lines outlining everything the vehicle's neural network "sees." And, for some trips, it can get you from point A to point B completely autonomously. Tesla enthusiasts were left speechless. "It paused to look, dude!" one Tesla owner said in the video before the car took its first turn, clearly rattled a little by the experience. "I almost felt like I was still driving, because I still looked [before making a turn], and the car felt like it was looking, so that was amazing and truly mind-blowing how it was working," the passenger in the video reflected after his first experience with the feature. In its current state, the beta still requires drivers to keep both hands near the steering wheel at all times. With the beta installed, the vehicles can self-navigate through almost anything — but that also means it needs to be handled with extreme care. "Full Self-Driving is in early limited access Beta and must be used with additional caution," a notice going out to participants read. "It may do the wrong thing at the worst time, so you must always keep your hands on the wheel and pay extra attention to the road." "Do not become complacent," Tesla wrote. The beta will see a "wide release" before the end of this year, as The Verge reports. That means, if it lands in the wrong hands, we will likely see far more reckless behavior from Tesla owners, just like we've seen with previous self-driving feature updates over the years. READ MORE: Tesla’s ‘Full Self-Driving’ beta is here, and it looks scary as hell [The Verge] More on the feature: Tesla Officially Starts Rollout of Full Self-Driving Beta Share This Article 
After being named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by TIME magazine, SpaceX president and COO Gwynne Shotwell revealed the company's ambitious plans to solve one of the biggest problems facing the future of space exploration: an increasingly littered orbit. According to Shotwell, SpaceX has an ace up its sleeve in the form of Starship, a 165-foot rocket primarily designed to ferry up to 100 tons or 100 passengers to faraway destinations including the Moon and Mars. "It's quite possible we could leverage Starship to go to some of these dead rocket bodies — other people's rockets of course — basically go pick up some of this junk in outer space," Shotwell told TIME technology columnist Patrick Lucas Austin during a previously recorded stream. "It's not gonna be easy, but I do believe that Starship offers the possibility of going and doing that and I'm really excited about it," she added. It appears to be the first time we've heard of plans to use Starship for space cleanup. The company only recently started testing early prototypes of the massive rocket at its site in Boca Chica, Texas, so Starship won't be catching space debris for a long time. An upcoming test flight will take one of the latest models to a planned height of 12 miles — a far cry from going to orbit. But if Musk is to be believed, the first Starship could reach Mars as soon as 2024 — and Earth's orbit is not nearly as ambitious of a target destination. Whether cleaning up "other people's rockets" using its flagship spacecraft will be a lucrative enough endeavor to a for-profit space company remains to be seen. SpaceX is in an odd position when it comes to the issue of space debris. The company has been sending up batches of 60 microsatellites at a breakneck pace to quickly build out its Starlink broadband-beaming constellation to bring internet connectivity to the entire globe. That could also result in more space junk in the long term, a point that hasn't gone unnoticed. Early plans for a high altitude Starlink constellation — in line with other, existing communication satellites — changed "when we found that satellites at that higher altitude could be in orbit for centuries or millennia — that didn't sound great to us as there will always be failures of satellites," Shotwell explained. "So we requested to bring the entire constellation to a lower altitude so that the satellites decay much quicker," Shotwell said. "In fact we inject into a lower altitude so if they're not working well... they leave their orbital positions very quickly." Once the orbit decays enough, Starlink satellites face their final demise as they burn up in the Earth's atmosphere, one of the more common methods of disposing of spent objects in orbit. Despite the low altitude, Starlink could still end up adding considerably to Earth's space junk problem — and running the risk of a dangerous collision in space in the process. Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics astronomer Jonathan McDowell told Business Insider last week that only about 97 percent of SpaceX's Starlink satellites actually end up being operation. "It’s not worse than anybody else’s failure rates," McDowell explained. "The concern is that even a normal failure rate in such a huge constellation is going to end up with a lot of bad space junk." READ MORE: LIVE: The Future of Space Exploration | TIME100 Talks [TIME] More on SpaceX: SpaceX Starship Prototype Fires Up Its 3 Engines Ahead of Flight to 12 Miles Share This Article 
In a world's first, a team of scientists at Purdue University built a tiny microrobot that can be operated inside a colon of a living animal. The goal is to one day allow such Lilliputian machines to deliver drug payloads to different parts of a patient's body, greatly enhancing their effects and applications. The robot itself is only as wide as a few human hairs and navigates its colon environment by essentially doing back flips. The movement allows it to traverse "rough terrain," or in this case, the colons of live anesthetized mice and colons excised from pigs. "When we apply a rotating external magnetic field to these robots, they rotate just like a car tire would to go over rough terrain," David Cappelleri, Purdue associate professor of mechanical engineering and co-author of a paper about the research published in the journal Micromachines last month, said in a statement. It's a very simple robot. The magnetic field does most of the work, meaning that the device doesn't even need a battery. Thanks to ultrasound imaging, the team was able to track its movement from outside the colon. "Moving a robot around the colon is like using the people-walker at an airport to get to a terminal faster," Luis Solorio, an assistant professor at Purdue, explained. "Not only is the floor moving, but also the people around you." What makes it difficult is that going up the colon is like swimming, er, upstream. "In the colon, you have all these fluids and materials that are following along the path, but the robot is moving in the opposite direction," Solorio added. "It’s just not an easy voyage." "Moving up to large animals or humans may require dozens of robots, but that also means you can target multiple sites with multiple drug payloads," said Craig Goergen, associate professor of biomedical engineering at Purdue. Apart from navigating the colons of live mice, the team was able to carry a fluorescent mock drug, which was later diffused from the robot's body an hour into the experiment. "We were able to get a nice, controlled release of the drug payload," Solorio said. "This means that we could potentially steer the microrobot to a location in the body, leave it there, and then allow the drug to slowly come out." Best of all, the researchers say, is that producing hundreds of these tiny microbots is relatively cheap and requires a commonly-used manufacturing machine. READ MORE: Scientists Have Piloted a Tumbling Microbot Inside an Animal Colon For The First Time [Science Alert] More on microrobots: These Vibration-Powered Microbots Are Almost Too Small to See Share This Article 
US federal prosecutors have charged six Russian intelligence officers for being involved in several major cyberattacks, The Wall Street Journal reports. Some of the cyberattacks in question had some serious outcomes, such as: So: This isn't just for optics. The indictment also places blame on the intelligence officers for being involved in the NotPetya operation in 2017, widely seen as the most devastating cyberattack in recent history. But notably absent from the list? Interference in the 2016 — and 2020 — American elections. The indictment ties these cyberattacks directly with the GRU, Russia's military intelligence. While it's not the first time such a link has been drawn, it's the first criminal indictment of its kind, with counts ranging from conspiracy to wire fraud. "No country has weaponized its cyber capabilities as maliciously or irresponsibly as Russia, wantonly causing unprecedented damage to pursue small tactical advantages and to satisfy fits of spite," Assistant Attorney General for National Security John Demers said during a press call, as quoted by WSJ. Demers called the series of attacks "the most disruptive and destructive series of computer attacks ever attributed to a single group." It's a damning accusation — federal prosecutors claim the cyberattacks against the 2018 Winter Olympics was retaliation for the Russian Olympic team being banned for doping. The incident "combined the emotional maturity of a petulant child with the hacking skills of a nation state," according to Demers. "It was a vindictive attack," John Hultquist, a director at cybersecurity firm FireEye told The New York Times. "There was no clear geopolitical reason to do that. And it impacted the entire international community." "No nation will recapture greatness while behaving in this way," Demers said, pointing a finger at Russian president Vladimir Putin. All six Russian intelligence officers have now been placed on the FBI's most wanted list. Russia has denied the allegations. It's unlikely the officers will ever have to stand trial in the US, as The New York Times points out. READ MORE: U.S. Charges Six Russian Intelligence Officers With Hacking [The Wall Street Journal] More on Russian hackers: FBI Reportedly Foils Russian Hack at Tesla Factory Share This Article 
Today, there are more high-quality cannabis products to choose from than ever. However, it can be hard to find dispensaries that carry everything you want. And even if you could find a place that carried everything, do you really want to leave the house? Of course not. You want to order your cannabis products online from the comfort of your couch and have them delivered right to your door, just like everything else. Luckily, thanks to a company called Emjay, cannabis delivery is now easier, faster, and cheaper than ever before. When Californians took to the polls and voted to legalize recreational marijuana back in 2018, they instantly created the biggest cannabis market in the world. As a result, American marijuana companies raised an incredible $116.8 billion in capital in 2019, and experts predict the industry will generate $85 billion in sales by 2030. The great thing about this meteoric expansion, from the consumer’s point of view, is that it creates a lot of opportunity for innovation. Today, companies aren’t just developing more new, safe, high-quality cannabis products. They’re also coming up with entirely new consumer-friendly business models aimed at streamlining the process of researching, buying, and delivering these products. That brings us to Emjay. Emjay was founded with the goal of creating the best cannabis delivery service in the world. That means the biggest and best selection of high-quality products that are fully tested and verified for safety and compliance with the law. It means the fastest delivery times with highly trained professional couriers. It means prices that match or beat what you’ll get at your local dispensary, with total transparency and no markups. And best of all, it means free delivery. Yep, you read that right. Free delivery. On paper, all that sounds like a no brainer. Of course, you should want to give customers the best products at the best prices delivered by the most reliable couriers. In practice, pulling it off is pretty complicated. So how does Emjay do it? The secret is in their business model. A lot of other cannabis delivery services work like DoorDash or Uber Eats. They don’t actually sell the products themselves. They’re just third party services that deliver products for dispensaries in exchange for a cut of the revenue. Unfortunately, this type of business model either force prices to go up or forces dispensaries to take a hit to their profits. At Emjay, they took a different approach. They are a vertically integrated platform, which means they own their own infrastructure and vet, hire, and train their own drivers. That enables them to control every step of the buying and delivery process and offer a truly superior customer experience. So if you’re looking for an easier way to buy cannabis, you need to give Emjay a try. They have all the products you want, from all the top brands, at the best possible prices. And they will get them to your door in an hour or less, with no charge for delivery. Sign up today and see what they’re all about. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you're thinking of launching a new career in 2021, IT is the way to go. Across the next decade, the Department of Labor expects IT careers to grow by 11%, far faster than most other career paths. The 2021 All-In-One AWS, Cisco, & CompTIA Super Certification Bundle, currently 97% off at just $99, is the most comprehensive collection of courses you can find on the web to prep for and secure the certifications you need to launch your IT career from the top certification authorities in the industry The Computing Technology Industry Association was founded in 1982 to help IT professionals stay on top of a rapidly changing industry, and it's been one of the gold standards for certification ever since. The five courses included here are perfect for those new to IT or just starting their careers and cover several comprehensive certifications: Amazon Web Services, or AWS, is one of the most popular cloud computing platforms in the industry, running everything from major websites to video streaming services like Netflix. This bundle offers ten courses that break down what AWS does and how to get certified in its various uses: Also included is a course on Microsoft's certification for their cloud system Azure, AZ-104: Microsoft Azure Administrator, to begin sharpening your cloud computing skills beyond Amazon's environment. Cisco is one of the top names in networking and the physical and data infrastructure behind networks around the world. The Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) and Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) exam prep illustrate how the mechanics of networks function. Included in the bundle are six courses that take you from network neophyte to seasoned pro: Whether you're just starting out in IT, or want to broaden your skill set and move up the ladder, now's the time to start. And at $99, this bundle will help ensure you begin the new year the right way. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
What do the brain-bending perspective puzzler Superliminal, beloved internet meme/stealth game Untitled Goose Game, and Nintendo's Mario Kart Tour all have in common? The engine they were built on, Unity. Game engines are the framework video games are built on, providing the graphics, the AI, and more, and Unity has quickly caught on as a powerful and free engine anybody can pick up and use, and that can run games on multiple platforms. The Game Developer and Player Bundle Ft. PlayStation Plus, just $99.99, 98% off the MSRP, will not only get you started on Unity but also get you a year of PlayStation Plus and a lifetime subscription to a VPN to boot. Unity isn't just a powerful engine in and of itself; it's also an excellent learning tool to begin building games and interactive experiences. Unity is used to create 2D games, 3D games, VR games like the recent Iron Man VR, and to build and test models for multiple industries and even create special effects and cinematics for big screen movies. The bundle starts with four courses to build your game design skills. Once you're ready to delve more deeply, you'll have a lifetime membership to the School of Game Design. The School has plenty of courses on every possible aspect of building a video game, from additional work in Unity to more advanced topics that will push your game design further and give you a greater appreciation of the games you play. If that wasn't already a packed bundle, this one comes with both a 12-month subscription to PlayStation Plus and a lifetime subscription to VPN Unlimited. VPN Unlimited keeps your work private and accessible from anywhere, by giving you a strong, secure connection with no speed or bandwidth limits, so you can work on your game wherever you have your laptop. PlayStation Plus, meanwhile, gives you free games every month and deep discounts on others for a whole year, while giving you access to online multiplayer. A year's subscription is normally $60, making this an even better deal for gamers. Gaming is an art form, and as it becomes more accessible, we'll see unique games we've never experienced before. If you want to join in, or there's a game you want to put out there, the Mega Gamer Course & Software Bundle will put you on the road to gaming success. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Time to wrap it up, folks. The search is over. "Doesn't seem to be any life in this solar system," billionaire and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk wrote in a recent tweet, responding to fan mail from an Australian 13-year-old. Presumably, he meant life outside Earth, where its existence is fairly well established. But he conceded there might still be a chance that it's hiding elsewhere in our system — even if it has little resemblance the type we're accustomed to. "Maybe under the ice of Europa or extremophile bacteria below the surface of Mars," Musk added. The eccentric billionaire also pointed the kid to the Wikipedia entry for the Drake equation. In short, the equation attempts to estimate the number of extraterrestrial civilizations in our galaxy. First formulated by Frank Drake in 1961, the equation requires you to plug in variables, of which estimates vary widely. But it did become a road map of what we still needed to figure out before we can say once and for all if we are alone in our galaxy. Closer to home, xenobiologists have a few ideas for where to look for life in our own system. As Musk points out, icy moons such as Saturn's moon Enceladus or Jupiter's moon Europa could be capable of harboring life in deep subsurface oceans, protected from space radiation and other hostile conditions by a thick layer of ice. Scientists have found that conditions in these oceans could be favorable. For instance, researchers found traces of organic compounds in plumes that burst from Enceladus' surface, appearing to be the building blocks of amino acids, the precursors of Earth-based lifeforms. Other researchers concluded that Europa's oceans could have a similar chemical compositions to Earth’s saltwater, making it more hospitable than we initially thought. Some have even gone as far as claiming that life on Europa could be strikingly intelligent. "If there is something on Mars, it’s likely to be very small — bacteria," Monica Grady, the chancellor at Liverpool Hope University in the UK, said in a contentious statement back in February. "But I think we’ve got a better chance of having slightly higher forms of life on Europa, perhaps similar to the intelligence of an octopus." Speaking of Mars, NASA's series of rovers have brought us tantalizing clues as to what we could find once we travel to the Red Planet, an endeavor extremely close to Musk's heart. Some even believe that we've long found life on Mars during NASA's Viking missions in the mid-70s. At the time, the Viking lander's Martian soil sample let off radioactive carbon dioxide when mixed with a reagent, a sign of the existence of microorganisms to former NASA scientist Gilbert Levin. Levin's conclusion, however, has proven controversial, with the scientist being forced to self-publish his findings due to most reputable journals turning him away. Most recently, researchers were surprised to find phosphine in the atmosphere of Venus — a sign that there could be microbial life hiding in its clouds. But it's too early to say anything for sure. "As Carl Sagan said 'extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence,'" Washington State University astrobiologist Dirk Schulze-Makuch said in a March statement. Schulze-Makuch and his team identified "thiophenes" in readings collected by NASA's Curiosity rover, special compounds found in coal, crude oil and white truffles back on Earth — a discovery consistent with early life on Mars. “I think the proof will really require that we actually send people there, and an astronaut looks through a microscope and sees a moving microbe," he added. More on life on Venus: A Spacecraft Is Going to Hunt Life in Venus’ Clouds This Week Share This Article 
For years, astronomers have speculated that the red supergiant star Betelgeuse, in the Orion constellation, was about to explode in a supernova, a rare event so close to home. But such an event could still be a long way off, according to new research by a team of researchers at The Australian National University. In fact, we may have been wrong about both Betelgeuse's mass and its distance from Earth as a result. "It's normally one of the brightest stars in the sky, but we've observed two drops in the brightness of Betelgeuse since late 2019," Meridith Joyce, lead author of the paper published in The Astrophysical Journal this week, said in a statement. "This prompted speculation it could be about to explode," she added. "But our study offers a different explanation." As stars approach the later stages of their evolution, some of them — depending on their mass — balloon into extremely hot supergiants, burning off their outer layers through fusion reactions and depleting their hydrogen fuel. When the core collapses, it explodes in a supernova and forms an extremely dense and much smaller neutron star. Astronomers believe Betelgeuse is such a red supergiant, with its brightness dipping as its slowly dying over hundreds of thousands of years, closing in on a supernova event. But such a spectacle may still be a long way off. The Australian team found that the two dips in brightness were caused by first by a dust cloud and then by pulsations, expansions and contractions of the outer layer of the star as struggles to maintain its shape. They analyzed these dips in light more closely using hydrodynamic and seismic modelling to figure out if Betelgeuse was on its death bed or not. What they found was that pressure waves were the cause of the pulsations. In other words, Betelgeuse is not in its death throes. "It's burning helium in its core at the moment, which means it's nowhere near exploding," Joyce said, referring to the fact that it still has plenty of fuel to burn before running out and triggering a core collapse. "We could be looking at around 100,000 years before an explosion happens." This means the team was able to go back to the drawing board to calculate its mass. "The actual physical size of Betelgeuse has been a bit of a mystery — earlier studies suggested it could be bigger than the orbit of Jupiter," co-author Dr László Molnár from the Konkoly Observatory in Budapest said in the statement. "Our results say Betelgeuse only extends out to two thirds of that, with a radius 750 times the radius of the sun." Now that they had the mass, they were able to infer how far the star is from us. "Our results show it's a mere 530 light years from us — 25 per cent closer than previous thought," Molnár said. READ MORE: Supergiant Betelgeuse smaller, closer than first thought [Australian National University] More on Betelgeuse: Giant Star Betelgeuse May Have Eaten a Smaller Companion Share This Article 
Mars appeared at its absolute brightest on Tuesday night, due to a perfect planetary alignment that allowed it to reflect more sunlight towards Earth. That's because Mars was in opposition, or on the exact opposite side of Earth from the Sun, The Washington Post reports. That, coupled with the fact that Mars happened to be particularly close to the earth in its orbit right now, made the planet so crisp that amateur astronomers with telescopes could take crisp photos of its surface right from their backyards. You don't need a spacecraft to see Mars! You can’t miss it in the eastern sky just after sunset or toward the south by midnight local time. Today Mars is at opposition, meaning it’s positioned directly opposite the Sun, which makes it especially bright. https://t.co/gAbOkp9Fs3 pic.twitter.com/N59zEyXYEh — NASA Mars (@NASAMars) October 13, 2020  Photographers documented the event well, like with this time-lapse video shared on Reddit that shows the entire planet clearly rotating. Mars, stack of 1200 frames from a Huawei P20 through a 17mm eyepiece and 2x Barlow on a Skywatcher 127 Mak-Cas processed in Photoshop. pic.twitter.com/QqTRaXYWoB — jack mullion (@jackmullion) October 15, 2020  Mars is actually in opposition fairly frequently — about once every 26 months, according to NASA. But what's much less common is for opposition to line up with Mars and Earth passing close by to each other in their orbits. That only happens once every 15 to 17 years, making Tuesday night's occurrence a rare occasion. mars do be shining tho pic.twitter.com/5Z5cGQIAek — mary (@BLOODYM4RIY) October 15, 2020  Mars actually made its closest approach to Earth a week earlier, on October 6, and it won't approach that close again until 2035, WaPo reports. #Mars at opposition from my backyard in #Johannesburg 2020.10.13 UTC 20:45. Captured with a #ZWOASI224mc 3 x barlow and Celestron 8". Sharpcap - Autostakkert - Registax - 5 x 3000 frame stacked pics derotated with WinJupos #Astrophotography pic.twitter.com/UV5FRijj39 — Grant Petersen (@GP_O11) October 13, 2020  But in case you missed the show, Mars will once again pass near Earth on the first day of December 2022 and will go into opposition a week later, creating a repeat performance — albeit a less dazzling one — of Tuesday's show. I nearly forgot!Happy Mars Opposition Day folks. pic.twitter.com/4F7caSo3Tn — Dave Eagle FRAS 🔭 Star Craving Mad! (@Dave_StarGeezer) October 13, 2020  READ MORE: Mars to shine extra bright tonight, poised opposite the sun [The Washington Post] More on Mars: NASA Snaps Photo of Epic Dust Devil on the Surface of Mars Share This Article 
President Donald Trump is not entirely sure why the Pentagon has an ultra-secretive UFO program. In a Fox News interview over the phone on Sunday, Trump was asked why the Department of Defense has set up a UFO task force. "So Mr. President, are there UFOs?" anchor Maria Bartiromo asked him outright. "Well, I'm going to have to check on that," Trump said. "I mean, I've heard that. I heard that two days ago. So I'll check on that. I'll take a good, strong look at that." But then, instead of stopping there, Trump went on to boast about the US military — in an apparent threat to any extraterrestrials who might be out there. "I will tell you this: We have now created a military the likes of which we have never had before," he said, unprompted by Bartiromo. "Russia, China, they’re all envious of what we had. All built in the USA." What are we to make of this complete non sequitur? Is Trump menacing aliens military might, as Popular Mechanics speculates? Or is he threatening other nations that could possibly be behind the sightings of Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAP) by Navy pilots since 2004? It certainly wouldn't be the first time Trump has tossed hollow threats at other world powers more based on his current mood than actual evidence. The Pentagon's task force was made public back in August with the task of investigating the sighting of such UAPs. The program had been in operation for many years before that, but remained shrouded in secrecy, as detailed in a bombshell New York Times report back in 2017. In April, three videos of such UAP encounters were declassified by the Pentagon, with the Navy confirming that they are authentic. Trump has said in the past that he's skeptical about the existence of UFOs. In a June 2019 interview with ABC News, Trump acknowledged that he held meetings to discuss the sightings, but said he didn't really think that UFOs were real. "Do I believe it? Not particular," Trump said. Maybe another possibility is just as likely: We're again trying to imbue Trump's strange musings with meaning — an ultimately futile task, as history proves again and again. READ MORE: Trump Acknowledges UFOs, Threatens Aliens With Military Action [Popular Mechanics] More on UFOs: Congress Is Trying to Force the Military to Release More UFO Info Share This Article 
In an influential 2003 paper, University of Oxford philosopher Nick Bostrom laid out the possibility that our reality is a computer simulation dreamed up by a highly advanced civilization. In the paper, he argued that at least one of three propositions must be true: Now, Columbia University astronomer David Kipping took a hard look at these propositions, also known as Bostrom's "trilemma," and argued that there's essentially a 50-50 chance that we are indeed living in a simulation, Scientific American reports. Kipping collapsed the first two propositions into one, arguing that they both would result in the same outcome — we are not living inside a simulation. "You just assign a prior probability to each of these models," Kipping told SA. "We just assume the principle of indifference, which is the default assumption when you don’t have any data or leanings either way." Kipping also argues that the more layers of reality a simulation was embedded in, like a Russian doll, the more computer resources would dwindle. In other words, the further you went down the rabbit hole, the less computing power you'd have to create a convincing simulation. The astronomer's conclusion after crunching the numbers: it's about a 50 percent chance that either hypothesis is true. But if humans were to ever come up with such a simulation, that picture would change radically. "Then you are only left with the simulation hypothesis," Kipping told SA. "The day we invent that technology, it flips the odds from a little bit better than 50-50 that we are real to almost certainly we are not real, according to these calculations." Other findings could put the question to bed. What if we could detect a "glitch in the Matrix" that showed that our reality is a simulation? Or what if we could demonstrate that the simulation uses quantum superpositions that are only determined when you look at them? Others even argue that over the next several decades, our computing know-how will actually allow us to finally confirm once and for all if we do live in a simulation or not. For now, we have to contend ourselves with the fact that we just don't know. "It’s arguably not testable as to whether we live in a simulation or not," Kipping told SA. "If it’s not falsifiable, then how can you claim it’s really science?" READ MORE: Do We Live in a Simulation? Chances Are about 50-50 [Scientific American] More on simulations: Computer Scientist: Ghosts Could Be Sign Universe Is Simulated Share This Article 
With thousands of new satellites jamming up Earth's orbit, the risk of dangerous collisions is on the rise, experts warn. Just last month, the International Space Station had to fire up its thrusters to avoid smashing into a piece of space junk — for the third time this year. "The biggest contributor to the current space debris problem is explosions in orbit, caused by left-over energy — fuel and batteries — onboard spacecraft and rockets," explained Holger Krag, Head of the European Space Agency's Space Safety Program in a statement. "Despite measures being in place for years to prevent this, we see no decline in the number of such events," he added. "Trends towards end-of-mission disposal are improving, but at a slow pace." The more debris in orbit, the higher the chance of a collision. And a collision in orbit is bad news, because it creates a cascade of new pieces of space debris. NASA currently keeps track of tens of thousands of artificial objects in Earth's orbit, but that's only scratching the surface. NASA estimates that about half a million marble-sized pieces of debris are spinning around our planet, all posing a threat to astronauts as they travel at extreme speeds. Many satellites sent up into space are designed to park themselves in distant trajectories around the Earth, called "graveyard orbits," once they retire. Larger pieces, including cargo vessels that resupply the International Space Station, are designed to burn up in the Earth's atmosphere after their job is done. In addition to these measures, international guidelines also advise countries to make sure their stuff doesn't "shed" by having bits and pieces become detached post launch. But experts are worried that the booming private space industry will pile on to the problem, with companies not always going out of their way to follow these guidelines. Even the CEOs of space startups themselves are starting to worry about our orbit becoming congested. "The accelerating increase of satellites launched into low-Earth orbit is starkly visible in our latest report," Tim Florer, Head of ESA's Space Debris Office, said. About 30 percent of rockets launched since 2017 were sent into the Earth's atmosphere to burn up — and that trend is on the rise. That's good news to experts, because it means used up pieces of debris leave practically no trace once their purpose is fulfilled. While they've been wreaking havoc with astronomers' data back on Earth, 95 percent of components used to make SpaceX's rapidly growing Starlink constellation is designed to "quickly burn in Earth’s atmosphere at the end of each satellite’s life cycle... with future iterative designs moving to complete disintegration," according to a press kit published by the company last year. Another solution is to service aging satellites, giving them a new lease on life. In February, Northrop Grumman’s “Mission Extension Vehicle-1” (MEV-1) docked with 18-year-old communication satellite, the first time a commercial spacecraft has docked to an existing one. The goal is to extend the shelf life of existing satellites rather than having to send up even more to replace them. Yet plenty of artificial objects remain. In fact, according to research published last month, 75 percent of space junk in geosynchronous orbit (at about 22,000 miles) has never even been catalogued. "To continue benefiting from the science, technology and data that operating in space brings, it is vital that we achieve better compliance with existing space debris mitigation guidelines in spacecraft design and operations," Florer said. "It cannot be stressed enough — this is essential for the sustainable use of space." In other words, it's in the private space industry's interest to make sure their stuff doesn't end up colliding in Earth's orbit, the ESA argues, as that could end up hurting their bottom line. READ MORE: The current state of space debris [ESA] More on space debris: Research: Most Geosynchronous Space Junk Has Never Been Catalogued Share This Article 
Among the many strange things the current moment has put in front of our eyes, grade-school science, specifically the phase-change of matter, stands out. You're about to head out for a walk, so you put on a mask, put your glasses or shades over it, and they promptly fog up. Why? You're exhaling warm water vapor that becomes small drops of liquid when it touches the cooler surface, condensing from a gas to a solid and making that walk an adventure. This electric respirator mask, with a built-in fan and KN95 filter, keeps everyone safe while keeping your glasses clear and your bad breath out of your face. And right now it's 64% off. N95 filters were discussed at length at the start of the pandemic, but lost in the conversation was the fact that N95 was simply a standard set by the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), that equipment like masks had to match in order to meet workplace safety standards. In this case, it has to filter out 95% of all particles three microns or larger. For day to day life, though, you don't need an N95 mask specifically, just one that performs like one. The KN95 standard, the Chinese equivalent of N95, blocks the same amount of pollutants and is technically very similar to the N95. The particular filter for the electric respirator, though, goes a few steps beyond just trapping particles, with four layers: Each filter can last up to ten days, and can easily be swapped out for a new one. In fact, a five-pack is just $19.99, 13% off the MSRP.  Masks are good for everyone, but we've all had those moments where you put yours on and suddenly realize you should have brushed your teeth first. Or you've peeled it off when you got home and, thanks to moisture building up, braced for the inevitable "mask-ne." The built-in fan improves airflow, pulling air through the replaceable filter while running, and has two speeds for keeping air circulation going through for up to six hours. You'll get fresher air and have fewer awkward mask moments. And if you only need the filter, you can shut off the fan easily and have plenty of breathing room. This mask is also built to be simple to use. The fan charges via USB, meaning there's no batteries to swap out or specialty chargers to deal with, and the LED on the front is a useful visual indicator of whether or not you've enabled the fan. It fully charges in two hours, so if you've got to go into the office, you can charge it up in the morning and have it ready when you leave. The mask itself is built of ABS plastic and medical-grade silicone for a comfy, tight fit around the mouth and nose, giving you more control over the air coming in and out. It closes with a rugged Velcro strap, so you won't have to squeeze another elastic behind your ears. And at just 2.6 ounces, it's light enough to wear all day, whether you're working out or on the go. Wearing a mask helps protect everyone, but it doesn't have to be an annoyance. If you want fresher air while outside, and a durable mask you can keep reusing, at just $49.99, 64% off the MSRP, this will be a mask you'll keep using. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you want an example of how computer programming is everywhere in our lives, you don't have to go any further than your pizza order. As part of its enormous rebrand several years ago, Dominos completely rebuilt how they sell you a pie to focus on the technology. The idea was to make ordering a pizza so simple you can do it with literally anything, be it an emoji, an app that loads a clock and your favorite order, or telling a voice assistant to get your pizza. They've even incorporated "if this then that" (IFTTT) tech to let you customize your pizza ordering experience right down to the lighting and music. The Complete Computer Programmer Super Bundle, currently 98% off, will open the door to a new career, or sharpen your skills to advance in your current one, whether you want to pen-test networks or build a better pizza delivery system. Completely new to computer programming? Start with Learn Linux Command Line From Scratch. The command-line interface (CLI) takes a little getting used to if you've never used it before, so this course has you learn by doing, using different common commands in the interface, chaining commands together, and why the CLI is so popular among coders. From there, JavaScript for Beginners: The Complete Guide and Complete Step-By-Step Java For Testers will introduce you to JavaScript, one of the most commonly used programming languages, especially for the front end of websites. Finish it off by exploring how APIs work with Mastering Alexa, building several voice-powered skills for the assistant. Python is one of the most popular coding languages in the world. It's highly flexible and able to build all sorts of projects, from website back-ends to advanced mathematical software. Python Programming: Complete Python Language Tutorial introduces you to how Python works and how to get the most out of it, from scratch. Once you've got the basics down, Cyber Security: Python & Web Applications will show you how to apply them through the lens of online safety, while also introducing you to cybersecurity basics. Then, Python Programming, CS, Algorithms & Data Structures will look at Python through the lens of data and algorithms, laying out the basics of machine learning, big data, and visualizing large data sets. Finally, develop more data management skills with SQL Masterclass: SQL for Data Analytics, which teaches how to apply SQL to data analysis jobs. If you want to build server farms, manage enormous projects, or develop new and powerful websites, then learning C languages and Ruby will be key to your future career. Ruby in particular is a good language to learn if you've familiarized yourself with Python, as both are general-purpose languages that share some features. C#, meanwhile, is the preferred language of Microsoft apps, opening the door to using their .NET framework and other tools at a high level. And C++ is particularly useful for apps that make heavy use of the graphical user interface (GUI) or need to drive multiple complex processes in real-time, such as modern video games. Starting with C, C++, Python & Ruby Programming, grounding you in both the history and present of the C language, the bundle goes on to break out each language in three easy-to-follow code-along courses, including C++ Programming: Step-By-Step Tutorial, Complete Ruby Programming Course, and The Complete C# Programming Course. Computer science and coding will be more in demand as time goes on, and at $45, the Complete Computer Programmer Super Bundle is the perfect way to future-proof your career. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Waymo One, the self-driving taxi service operated by Google parent company Alphabet's autonomous vehicle offshoot, is back after a pandemic hiatus, and it's opening its doors to the public. As it does, passengers will notice a stark difference. In the past, over 90 percent of the company's rides still had a human behind the wheel who, as Futurism previously reported, often took over and drove instead of using the company's partially autonomous technology. For now, those human operators have been removed from the equation and the only people inside the vehicle will be the passengers themselves. "We paused rides (driverless and with vehicle operators) in March due to COVID," Waymo spokesperson Katherine Barna told Futurism. "As of yesterday, we've returned with 100% fully driverless for the near term. Later this year, after we've finished adding in-vehicle barriers between the front row and the rear passenger cabin for in-vehicle hygiene and safety, we'll also be re-introducing rides with a trained vehicle operator, which will add capacity and allow us to serve a larger geographical area." As of Thursday, the service is open to previous Waymo One users and operates within a 100-square-mile region of Phoenix, Arizona, though only half of that area allows fully-driverless rides. The company plans to expand geographically and invite new users in the coming weeks. However, Barna said that in the future, Waymo plans to put human drivers back behind the wheel for trips with new customers. The vehicles operating without a human behind the wheel, Ars Technica reports, can still call for help from a person remotely overseeing the trip if they get stuck. Getting fully-driverless cars on the road is a great technical accomplishment, but as Ars reports, Waymo isn't out of the woods yet. One key problem: Waymo is still massively unprofitable. READ MORE: Waymo finally launches an actual public, driverless taxi service [Ars Technica] More on Waymo One: Exclusive: A Waymo One Rider’s Experiences Highlight Autonomous Rideshare’s Shortcomings Share This Article 
The basics of design are, more and more, becoming part of everyday work in a wide variety of industries. We spruce up our presentations with unique elements, we add images and style to the emails we send out to clients, and we build flyers, infographics, and more for our social media. Access to professional stock photos, icons, and vector images can make your projects look better and are the building blocks of a great design career. High-quality images tend to be expensive though; to get just five from a leading site, with the right licensing, can cost $450 or more. The 3 Million+ Design Assets Super Bundle, now 99% off, puts three valuable lifetime subscriptions in your toolkit, ensuring you'll always have the right image on hand. Here's what each offers you. A good stock photo can make a design more compelling and clear, while a bad one will win you internet notoriety. Scop.io ensures that you have the right stock photo, every time. Scop.io gets its photography directly from artists, sourcing images via social media. The key value for Scop.io is that it simplifies the often-complex legal and financial issues around acquiring images. An increasing problem for companies and photographers alike is the mistaken belief that images on Instagram are free for the taking. Scop.io makes it possible to find the most compelling image while ensuring that you have the right to share it. Scop.io images are royalty-free, with unlimited access and the rights to use the images digitally, making finding the right visual a snap. Icons may be delightful bites of art, but they're useful as well. Icons serve as a kind of visual shorthand to communicate with viewers. Think about how the arrow icons at the top of your browser tell you, without words, that you can go back a page, go forward a page, or reload the page you're on. That said, designing an icon is much easier than it looks. Flat Icons takes the hassle out of building icons by providing you with thousands of options in a regularly updated library. Each icon is available in AI, EPS, SVG, PDF, PNG, and IconJar, making finding, redesigning, and adapting the right image a snap. And this lifetime subscription is for a commercial license, so you can use the icons anywhere, from your website to your app, with confidence. Vector graphics are a designer's secret weapon. As the name implies, they're drawn not with pixels but with mathematical equations that allow them to scale up or down as needed. If you've ever tried to blow up an image made of pixels beyond its best resolution, you've seen the blurry, blocky mess it becomes. With vector graphics, you can expand or shrink the image to any size you want—the equation adjusts to give you smooth curves and lines, without jagged edges or blur. They're particularly handy if you're designing something for print or if your design needs to scale up or down seamlessly on different devices. Vector Grove has an enormous library of vector images to use in your projects, from the simple geometric to complex fractals and curves. Your lifetime subscription gives you unlimited downloads under a standard commercial license from a library that's constantly being updated with a broad range of styles. Every image is available in SVG, EPS, and JPG formats. Compared to the per-image cost of other libraries, it's hard to beat a lifetime subscription to 3 Million+ Design Assets for just $50, especially when subscribing to these three services separately would cost you over $12,000. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Bless NASA astronaut and former Navy SEAL Chris Cassidy for answering "one of the most frequent questions" that NASA gets about life on the space station: how to poop in space. The station's Waste and Hygiene Compartment (WHC) is located in a little commode with a door — nestled between the treadmill and weight machine, as Cassidy is quick to point out. It's an especially pertinent topic since the station received a brand new toilet on Monday called the Universal Waste Management System (UWMS) on board a Cygnus freighter, a pricey but much-needed upgrade. For now, though, Cassidy took the time to explain how the old one works, for old time's sake. Cassidy says that the feeling of needing to go is exactly the same in microgravity. And when nature calls, you float into the tiny space and close the door behind you for some privacy. The WHC is a design that hasn't changed much over several decades. The experience is far from luxurious — the toilet itself is essentially a seat hooked up to a metal bucket. It holds about 30 "deposits," according to Cassidy. Once the container is full, it'll need to be replaced. The opening is only five to six inches in diameter, so aim is important. A plastic liner catches the "deposit," or in the case of Cassidy's demonstration, pieces of green beans and mushrooms. Urine is sucked up through a valve attached to the end of a long hose called the Urine Processor Assembly and operated with a tiny knob. Most of the urine actually gets recycled on the station through the Water Recovery System. "And in case things go wrong, like the hardware, not yourself, there's the WHC Malfunctions Cue card," Cassidy explains, holding up a laminated sheet of paper. "The bottom line is, if there's a red light, we talk to the ground and together we figure out the path forward." In fact, the station's previous WHC toilet experienced a malfunction in 2008, with the crew being unable to repair it. They had to resort to doing their business on board the Soyuz transport module — a low capacity system that quickly filled up. Luckily, replacement parts were shipped on board the Space Shuttle Discovery about two weeks later. Fortunately, malfunctions involving the space toilet have been rare since then. In February 2019, during the installation of a double stall enclosure for the UWMS, which was finally sent up this week, crews experienced a leak, releasing about 9.5 liters of water into the station before the problem was isolated, according to NASA. They had to resort to soaking up the mess using towels. "So congratulations, you just used the WHC for the first time," Cassidy concludes in the video. "I hope it's educational, but I don't think it's gonna lessen the amount of times I have to answer that question." READ MORE: NASA Video Reveals How Astronauts Use Bathroom in ISS [Nerdist] More on the toilet: The International Space Station Finally Got Its New Space Toilet Share This Article 
Music is fundamental to human life; archaeologists regularly find instruments thousands of years old, scattered among the remains of day-to-day existence. And there are reasons beyond amusing our families or participating in public life for picking up an instrument. Learning to play, and practicing, a musical instrument can help you manage stress while teaching you new skills and helping you think in new ways. Still, finding time for lessons can be difficult. Pianu Pro takes the frustration out of learning piano by putting lessons at your fingertips anywhere you've got a device with a USB port and a keyboard, and a lifetime subscription is available now for $159.99, 41% off the standard price. How did a giant instrument that you can't take with you become so central to our musical world? Turns out the piano is a perfect place to begin learning music theory. If you look at a piano, it puts the scales in an intuitive order; pitch drops as you go to the left and rises as you go to the right. Even if you've got no idea how to read sheet music, it offers a spatial way to understand the music that's easier to grasp. It's also low effort, compared to other instruments; if you can move your fingers and feet, you can play a piano. There's no lung power needed, there's no elaborate fingerwork or mouth movements you need to get a handle on, no valves to close or stops to pop open, no strained voices or calluses. You can simply sit or stand at any set of keys and begin learning. With electronic keyboards, you won't even need much space. Of course, that still requires lessons. Fortunately, Pianu Pro is a teacher you can take with you, anywhere you've got a web browser.   Pianu Pro is designed to make learning piano easier, both technologically and from a student's perspective. Whether you're a complete beginner intimidated by the ivories or someone with experience looking to sharpen your skills, Pianu gives you lessons on demand. And at 41% off, you'll be making progress before you press your first key. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On October 20, NASA's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft will attempt to collect some bits of material from the surface of Bennu, a small near-Earth asteroid about 500 meters across. Before it plunges down towards the space rock's surface, scientists are locking in their best guess as to what they will find. According to the latest research, as detailed in a number of new research papers published today, scientists are expecting to find carbonates, material that is often deposited by water on Earth. By looking at readings courtesy of OSIRIS-REx's visible and infrared spectrometer, they discovered "veins of carbonate" on Bennu's surface. Tantalizingly, that could mean that Bennu's parent, likely a much larger planetoid or proto-planet, featured an "asteroid-scale hydrothermal system of water," according to a statement — in other words, ancient rivers. "If the veins on Bennu are carbonates, fluid flow and hydrothermal deposition on Bennu’s parent body would have occurred on kilometer scales for thousands to millions of years," the team led by Hannah Kaplan from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, concluded in their paper. They suggest that water could have seeped through cracks on the surface of Bennu's parent body, leaving traces of carbonate behind. Some of these veins could have once accounted for water flows covering areas of up to two dozen miles across. The finding has some sweeping implications. "One of the driving points of this mission is that these asteroids could have delivered some of the precursor organic matter that gave rise to [life on] Earth," Kaplan told Popular Science. Scientists also found that the regolith near Nightingale crater, the site where OSIRIS-REx will touch down, was only recently exposed to space, giving us the best shot at gleaning insights into Bennu's history. "The abundance of carbon-bearing material is a major scientific triumph for the mission," Dante Lauretta, OSIRIS-REx principal investigator at the University of Arizona in Tucson, said in a NASA statement. "We are now optimistic that we will collect and return a sample with organic material – a central goal of the OSIRIS-REx mission." The spacecraft's spectrometry readings painted a surprising picture of Bennu, showing that the rocks making up its surface are far more diverse than we originally thought. This diversity indicates the presence of a variety of different materials that originally made it onto Bennu from its parent body. Some of those materials are more porous than others. In fact, scientists suggest that they aren't nearly as strong as we initially thought, likely incapable of surviving the trip through Earth's atmosphere. In other words, samples returned by OSIRIS-REx will give us a unique opportunity to study meteorites that we've never seen before on Earth. Detailed gravity readings gleaned from the space rock's orbit, separate research led by Daniel Scheeres of University of Colorado Boulder, also showed that Bennu is likely dotted with pockets of materials that vary significantly in density. In fact, the team suggest that the core of Bennu could actually be entirely empty, enough space for several football fields. READ MORE: Local asteroid Bennu used to be filled with tiny rivers [Popular Science] More on Bennu: Astronomers Spot Bits of Entirely Different Asteroid on Surface of Bennu Share This Article 
Electricity is so ever-present in our lives, we can forget how revolutionary power from an outlet is. Too often we focus on what electricity can do for us, not how it does it, yet demand is growing for electrical and electronic engineers as we decarbonize the power grid, put additional EVs on the roads, and add more and more electronics to everything around us. The Electrical & Circuits Engineering Certification Bundle, currently just $59.99, will both lift the curtain on the hidden world all around us and get you set for a new career. Whether you want to brush up on your skills or don't know a resistor from a transistor, it'll take you from simple theory to the power stations that run our world. If you're new to electrical engineering, Basic Concepts & Basic Laws of Electric Circuits will start you off with the fundamentals, by looking at the items you have around the house and how they function. Next, Methods of Analysis & Basic Theorems of Electric Circuits will explore the different approaches to building and analyzing circuits, starting from simple examples and leading to the more-complex real-world circuits you'll run across. By this point, we've all heard about the current wars, a dispute between alternating current (AC) and direct current (DC) so deeply rooted even automakers pick sides. However, our world runs on both; AC powers many of the electronics you use, while DC charges the batteries and runs the motors. How, and when, to turn one from the other and divide it up among your circuits is the difference between a cool new design and a small fire. First, you'll learn the fundamentals of both AC and DC "choppers," which allow you to step down or step up the current to properly match power sources so the circuits you design can handle the load. Then, you can look at inverters, which change DC to AC. Inverters are needed anywhere you've got batteries or other power sources, and mastering them is key to building better circuits.  Once you know the theory, you can start learning the parts of the circuits around you. Finally, you'll trace the power lines back to the source. Basics of Light Current Systems for Electrical Engineering will explore how the systems in your house, from the alarms to the outlets, pull from the main circuits to function. Fundamentals of Synchronous Machines for Electrical Engineering will show you how AC generators and motors connect to AC power grids. High Voltage Generation for Electrical Engineering details how to create high voltage AC power for industrial machinery and other tools. And Complete Generation Course for Electrical Engineering goes to the power plant to show how power is generated, distributed, and stored. Whether you want to build the clean grid of the future, or just want to understand how the stuff around you works, this online education will show you how, and for 95% off. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
American astronomer and University of California professor Andrea Ghez just won this year's Nobel prize in physics for her groundbreaking work on black holes. But Ghez, who's only the fourth woman ever to receive the coveted prize, isn't taking the award too seriously. When asked what would happen if one were to fall into a black hole, she had a grim answer. "So if you were to think about falling into a black hole feet first, the first thing that would happen is that the pull of gravity is so much stronger in your feet than your head that you would actually be torn apart," she told Agence France-Presse. "We wouldn't feel anything because we wouldn't exist, we wouldn't survive it, we would be broken down into our fundamental pieces," she added. "I would not want to do this." Ghez shares the prize this year with Reinhard Genzel, astrophysicist and co-director of the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics. Ghez and her team recently celebrated 25 years of studying the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way, called Sagittarius A*, using the Keck Observatory atop Mauna Kea in Hawaii. Thanks to the telescope's detailed resolution, her work enabled us to follow the orbits of stars circling the black hole despite a massive shroud of interstellar gas and dust blocking our view. Her research gave us the most robust evidence that what's lurking at the center of our galaxy is a supermassive black hole. "What Andrea Ghez and Reinhard Genzel did was one of the coolest things ever — revealing stars in the center of our galaxy orbiting a black hole too small to see with a telescope," Peter Fisher, professor and head of MIT’s Department of Physics, said in a statement. Every day studying black holes, Ghez says, is a mind-bender. "It's very hard to conceptualize a black hole," Ghez told AFP. "The laws of physics are so different near a black hole than here on Earth, that the things that we're looking for, we don't have an intuition for." READ MORE: Nobel-Prize Winning Black Hole Researcher Holds a Map of Stars in Her Mind [AFP] More on Sagittarius A*: Astronomers Detect “Bullets” of Gas Shooting Out of Our Galactic Center Share This Article 
If you don’t have a VPN because you've been waiting for the right deal to come along, well, today is the day you should finally take the plunge. That's because right now, for a limited time, FastestVPN is offering five-year subscriptions for just $50. How good is this deal? Most premium VPN services cost between $40 and $60 per year. With this offer from FastestVPN you get all the premium features those other services offer for a fifth of the price. So yeah, this is a pretty phenomenal deal. You absolutely should grab it while you can. Why should you get a VPN at all? Well, do you think you have privacy when you go online? Do you think nobody knows what you’re buying, reading, or watching? Do you think you have online freedom? Because you don’t. Unless you use a VPN to connect to the Internet, your personal data is not fully protected, all your online activity is recorded by somebody, and geo-restrictions limit what websites and content you can access. Every time you access the Internet, you start by connecting to your ISP, or Internet service provider. They then redirect you to your destination. However, because all your traffic goes through the ISP’s server, they see and keep records of everything you do online. And that’s only half the problem. The rest of the Internet is tracking you, too. Every time you visit a website, it logs your IP address, a unique number assigned to each device connected to a network. This number basically identifies you and your location, allowing people to track your online activity and prevent you from viewing any content they don’t want people in your location to view. Does that make you uncomfortable? It should. All your private information and online activity can be sold, stolen, or handed over to some government agency at any time. Luckily, VPNs can help. VPN is an acronym that stands for virtual private network. They protect your online security and privacy by building an encrypted tunnel which you use to access the Internet. When you access the Internet through a VPN, any information you transmit is encrypted before it gets to your ISP’s servers. Then, instead of going straight from your ISP’s servers to your final destination on the Internet, your information gets routed through the VPN’s servers, which can be located anywhere in the world. By encrypting all your data, VPNs make sure that if your information is intercepted, nobody can read it. By routing you through their servers, VPNs hide your IP address, protecting your location and identity. Okay, so what does all this actually mean for you? It means you can shop or do online banking even on unsecured public WIFI without worrying that a hacker might steal your credit card number. It means you can access geo-restricted content anywhere on the planet. It means you can browse the web and download whatever you want without worrying somebody is going to come after you. When choosing a VPN service, certain features are absolutely essential. Some services use outdated encryption technology that leaves your data vulnerable. Some have inadequate servers or too few servers, which slows down your connection. And believe it or not, some VPNs even keep logs of all your activity, just like your Internet service provider, completely defeating the purpose of having a VPN in the first place. So how does FastestVPN measure up? Amazingly, despite their incredibly low price, FastestVPN has every one of the premium features you need. These include: With that list of features, FastestVPN probably sounds almost too good to be true. But it’s not. And to prove it, all FastestVPN subscriptions come with a 15-day money-back guarantee. If you’re not completely satisfied after two weeks, they’ll give you a full refund, no questions asked. If you’re ready to get serious about your online privacy and security, you need to take advantage of this deal before it’s gone. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everybody knows diversification is an essential strategy for building a successful investment portfolio. By spreading your money out across different assets and investment vehicles, you minimize the risk associated with any one investment, enabling your portfolio to weather a lot of storms. Or at least that’s the theory. For over half a century, the reality was that regular investors were only allowed to invest in publicly traded stocks and bonds, which means their ability to diversify was pretty limited. Luckily, thanks to new financial technologies and changing SEC regulations, things are finally starting to change. Today, cutting edge online investing platforms like DiversyFund are helping everyday people diversify their portfolios with alternative assets like private market real estate. And it is changing the way people plan for the future. For decades financial advisors have been building long-term investment portfolios with a 70-30 ratio of stocks to bonds. This isn’t necessarily the best way to diversify investments. But it’s the best you can do if you are only allowed to invest in stocks and bonds. And for most of the last 60 years, that’s all regular investors were allowed to buy. The rules were different for institutional investors and high-net-worth individuals. For the last few decades, a lot of one-percenters have been diversifying their portfolios by allocating up to 30 percent to alternative assets like private market real estate. And this makes a lot of sense. Not only does the private real estate market have less volatility than the stock market, but it also offers consistently higher returns. Adding this type of asset to your portfolio takes diversification to a whole new level. Unfortunately, in the past, it was difficult or impossible to break huge real estate investments up into smaller pieces that regular investors could actually afford. Because SEC regulations were based on these limitations, only the rich had access to the most lucrative investment opportunities. But that is not the case anymore. Thanks to major advancements in financial technologies, including crowdfunding tech and artificial intelligence analytics, today we can break up huge investments into smaller pieces. And the SEC has updated their rules accordingly. Now, online investing startups like DiversyFund are changing the game. DiversyFund was created to democratize the investing landscape and close the wealth gap by giving regular people the same financial opportunities as the one-percenters. To accomplish these goals, the company’s founders created a simple online investing platform that lets anybody invest in a portfolio of diversified real estate assets. Officially called Real Estate Investing Trusts, or REITs, these portfolios are managed by experts who follow a simple three-step strategy to make you money. First, DiversyFund acquires multifamily apartment buildings that already generate revenue, but are in need of some improvements. Second, DiversyFund renovates the buildings so that they generate increased revenues until market conditions are right for profitable liquidation. Third, when market conditions are right, DiversyFund sells its real estate assets, returns principles, and distributes the returns to investors. Thanks to this tried-and-true strategy, DiversyFund has an excellent historical return rate of 17.5%. And because DiversyFund actually owns and operates the properties you invest in, which cuts out all the middlemen, there are absolutely no fees. Yep, you read that right. No. Fees. In recent years the SEC has loosened a number of regulations, theoretically opening up a number of alternative assets to regular people. However, a lot of online investment platforms still have net worth or credit requirements that make their services inaccessible to a lot of people. When DiversyFund says their goal is to close the wealth gap, they really mean it. With DiversyFund, if you can afford the minimum $500 investment, you are eligible to invest in private market real estate. Period. Whether you are a total newcomer just starting to plan for your financial future, or you’re an experienced investor always on the lookout for new ways to improve your portfolio, don't be content to play by the old rules. DiversyFund offers diversification opportunities previously only available to billionaires. Take a look and see what they can do for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Russia's space corporation Roscosmos unveiled plans for its reusable "Amur rocket" this week — a design, planned to be completed by 2016, that borrows heavily from SpaceX's Falcon 9, as Ars Technica's senior space reporter Eric Berger pointed out in a Monday tweet. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk quickly waded into the discourse, throwing some shade at the new design. "It’s a step in the right direction, but they should really aim for full reusability by 2026," Musk tweeted. "Larger rocket would also make sense for literal economies of scale. Goal should be to minimize cost per useful ton to orbit or it will at best serve a niche market." Russia has clearly decided that if you can't beat 'em, join 'em with its new design for a reusable booster. Alas, no flights until at least 2026 means it will be at least 15 years behind the Falcon 9. Russia is lucky SpaceX doesn't innovate, hah. https://t.co/868cMPa3aO pic.twitter.com/NTWQSyfXRp — Eric Berger (@SciGuySpace) October 5, 2020  Both rockets feature a set of grid fins on top and landing legs at the base. The overall shape of the fairing is also very familiar. But they do differ in other aspects: the Amur is slimmer in diameter and uses five RD-169 engines instead of the nine Merlin engines on the Falcon 9. Amur will also be designed to burn methane for fuel, while the Falcon 9 uses both liquid oxygen and rocket-grade kerosene. Just like SpaceX's Falcon 9 first stages, Roscosmos is planning to collect first stages on a boat out at sea — sound familiar? — to later reuse them up to ten times. SpaceX isn't quite at ten reuses yet, but it's made significant progress in reusing the first stages and fairings of its Falcon 9 rockets post launch. In August, SpaceX flew the same first stage for the sixth time, and it's planning to fly the same first stage for the tenth time some time next year. By 2026, Musk's tweet seems to imply, it will have vastly surpassed the Amur's planned capabilities. Rather than focusing on making the Falcon 9 entirely reusable — unlikely at this late stage — the company is betting on its next-generation Starship, which is designed from the ground up to be fully reusable. SpaceX is now gearing up to start launching the massive Mars-bound rocket, likely what Musk was referencing with "larger rocket," to a height of 12 miles. The first test flight to orbit is only a few years away, according to Musk. Starship is designed to eventually carry up to 100 tons of cargo to orbit, dwarfing the Amur rocket's planned max payload of 10.5 tons. SpaceX and Roscosmos have had a rocky relationship. Musk and Roscosmos chief Dmitry Rogozin haven't been above taking pot shots at each other in the past. Russia is hoping to start testing its rocket in 2026 — an eternity in terms of how quickly the industry has been progressing. The space corporation is aiming at just $22 million per launch, for about 10.4 tons of cargo — a competitive price point. Developing the rocket is budgeted at just $900 million. READ MORE: Russian space corporation unveils planned “Amur” rocket—and it looks familiar [Ars Technica] More on Roscosmos: Russia Wants to Be the First to Shoot a Movie In Space Share This Article 
For reasons that are pretty self-evident, alcohol consumption has reportedly been on the rise, lately. That means that hangovers and the other negative effects of booze are also on the rise, as are sincere personal pledges to stop drinking the following day. But just because you’re thinking of giving up alcohol doesn’t mean you have to give up the social lubrication and relaxation it provides. That's because alcohol-free Kin Euphoric beverages provide them both in abundance, with no hangovers or other negative side effects in sight. Kin is available in three varieties, with each one tailored to a specific desired experience. Here’s a breakdown of the euphoric beverages Kin offers: Kin Spritz is the most popular Kin beverage and is essentially the brand’s answer to the traditional spritz cocktail. It combines bubbly white grape juice, citrus, spice, hibiscus, and ginger with Kin’s patented euphoric blend. The result? An elevated mind with sharper clarity and an easier flow of thoughts, a sense of balance and relaxation from the inside out, and an increase in sociability and connection that tastes great. And to make it taste even better, the Kin flavor wizards say that a dash of Thai chili and a splash of pressed pomegranate can really bring out the flavor. While Kin Spritz is made to be enjoyed right out of the can, Kin High Rhode is a mixer that can be paired with your favorite juice, soda, and bitters for a complete euphoric beverage experience. The herbaceous base gives it a tart and floral flavor profile while the euphoric blend provides a joyful boost of uplifting feelings along with a soothing calm that can last the whole night. If you’re looking for a recommended pairing, Kin suggests pineapple and ginger for a little extra kick -- and it aids digestion, too. Finally, we have Kin Dream Light. As the name implies, this is Kin’s formula for sweet dreams and a good night’s sleep. On the flavor front, the blend’s official flavor notes say it “tastes as good as it feels. Rich in forest notes of oak, clove, gentian, and passionflower with the warming spice of cinnamon, chili, and ginger, some compare it to the taste of chai.” Appropriately for a bedtime beverage, the recommended pairing is with your favorite milk, with oat milk getting the highest recommendation thanks to its insulin productive properties. All three Kin Euphorics can be purchased at a discount with a subscription plan that delivers a new shipment to your door every month and keeps you stocked up for as long as you want. And it’s probably worth repeating that their social lubrication properties and other pleasant effects come without any blackouts, hangovers, or any of the other negative side-effects associated with alcohol. So if you think you’re ready to take the plunge and try out alcohol-free Kin euphoric beverages, head over to the Kin online store and make your selections now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of researchers at Monash University in Melbourne, Australia, has built a bionic device that they say can restore vision to the blind through a brain implant. The team is now preparing for what they claim will be the world's first human clinical trials of a bionic eye — and are asking for additional funding to eventually manufacture it on a global scale. It's essentially the guts of a smartphone combined with brain-implanted micro electrodes, as TechCrunch reports. The "Gennaris bionic vision system," a project that's more than ten years in the making, bypasses damaged optic nerves to allow signals to be transmitted from the retina to the vision center of the brain. The system is made up of a custom-designed headgear, which includes a camera and a wireless transmitter. A processor unit takes care of data crunching, while a set of tiles implanted inside the brain deliver the signals. "Our design creates a visual pattern from combinations of up to 172 spots of light (phosphenes) which provides information for the individual to navigate indoor and outdoor environments, and recognize the presence of people and objects around them," Arthur Lowery, professor at Monash University’s Department of Electrical and Computer Systems Engineering, said in a statement. The researchers are also hoping to adapt the system to help those with untreatable neurological conditions, such as limb paralysis, to regain movement. "If successful, the MVG [Monash Vision Group] team will look to create a new commercial enterprise focused on providing vision to people with untreatable blindness and movement to the arms of people paralyzed by quadriplegia, transforming their health care," Lewis said. A trial in July showed that the Gennaris array was able to be transplanted safely into the brains of three sheep using a pneumatic insertor, with a cumulative 2,700 hours of stimulation not causing any adverse health effects. It's still unclear when the first human trials will take place. "With extra investment, we’ll be able to manufacture these cortical implants here in Australia at the scale needed to progress to human trials," Marcello Rosa, professor of physiology at Monash and MVG member, said in the statement. The news comes after Elon Musk's brain computer interface company Neuralink announced it's testing its coin-sized interface prototype in live pigs. The end goals are similar: to treat brain issues including blindness and paralysis. Whether the Monash device is technically the first bionic eye, though, may come down to semantics. A separate brain implant, a "visual prosthetic" device, developed by scientists at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, recently allowed both blind and sighted participants to "see" the shape of letters, as detailed in a paper published in May. READ MORE: Researchers ready world-first vision restoration device for human clinical trials [TechCrunch] More on Neuralink: Neuroscientist: There Was a Huge Problem With Neuralink’s Demo Share This Article 
A team of researchers at MIT and other institutions say their "SPARC" compact fusion reactor should actually work — at least in theory, as they argue in a series of recently released research papers. In a total of seven papers penned by 47 researchers from 12 institutions, the team argues that no unexpected impediments or surprises have shown up during the planning stages. In other words, the research "confirms that the design we’re working on is very likely to work," Martin Greenwald, deputy director of MIT's Plasma Science and Fusion Center and project lead, told The New York Times. Fusion power remains elusive, but the tech promises to one day become a safe and clean way of producing energy by fusing atomic nuclei together like the Sun. Despite almost a century of research, though, nobody has managed to pull it off yet. SPARC, one of the largest privately funded project of its kind in the field, would be a first of its kind: a "burning plasma" reactor that fuses hydrogen isotopes to form helium, with no other input of energy needed. Thanks to progress in the field of superconducting magnets, the team hopes to achieve the same performance as far larger reactors, such as the gigantic ITER (International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor) reactor, which started assembly in July. The magnets are used to contain the extremely hot and high pressure reactions going on inside the reactor, one of fusion's greatest challenges. According to the team's calculations, SPARC should be able to produce twice as much fusion energy compared to the amount needed to generate the reaction. That would be a massive jump, since no researchers have managed to break even yet. In fact, in the papers, the researchers note it could be theoretically possible to generate ten times the amount — though there's plenty of work ahead before they could say that for sure. The MIT team is hoping to construct its compact reactor over the next three to four years, with the eventual goal of generating electricity starting in 2035, the Times reports. "What we're trying to do is put the project on the firmest possible physics basis, so that we're confident about how it's going to perform, and then to provide guidance and answer questions for the engineering design as it proceeds," Greenwald said in an official statement. READ MORE: Compact Nuclear Fusion Reactor Is ‘Very Likely to Work,’ Studies Suggest [The New York Times] More on fusion: Scientists Start Construction of World’s Largest Fusion Reactor Share This Article 
Binge-watching used to be considered a bad habit. But for better or worse it’s become part of mainstream culture, and now pretty much everybody admits to doing it from time to time. But all binge-watching wasn’t created equal, and what you choose to watch makes all the difference. So if you're tired of binge-watching trash TV, it's time to give CuriosityStream a try. It's the streaming service for people who love to learn. CuriosityStream offers thousands of documentary features and educational series covering virtually every subject imaginable, including science, technology, history, nature, society, and much more. And the service's library is always expanding to include more programs, with a mix of originals and other documentaries sourced from all over the world. For example, CuriosityStream now includes the French television documentary APOCALYPSE: WWI, a five-episode series offering “[a] detailed accounting of the horrors of the Great War using colorized historical footage.” And if you prefer to learn about something a little lighter, CuriosityStream also carries the BBC’s A Stitch in Time, a six-part series that combines “biography, art and the history of fashion” and “explores the lives of historical figures through the clothes they wore.” While CuriosityStream has thousands of programs to stimulate the intellect of almost any viewer, they also have a solid lineup of originals that you can’t find anywhere else. There’s Stephen Hawking’s Favorite Places, which follows the late physicist as he explores the universe. Then there’s Miniverse, a CuriosityStream original documentary that follows astronaut Chris Hedfield as he travels an imaginary facsimile of our solar system that’s been reduced in scale to the size of contiguous United States. The result is an exploration of the solar system as you’ve never seen it before. That’s just a smattering of the amazing selection of documentary programs available on CuriosityStream. To get the full breadth of what the platform has to offer, you have to sign up and give it a try for yourself. Fortunately, if you sign up for the annual HD plan, it costs less than $2 a month -- $19.99 per year, to be precise. But you can also go month-to-month for just $2.99, which is still significantly cheaper than almost any other major streaming service. Another point in CuriosityStream's favor compared to other streaming services is that it has no geographical restrictions. That means that even if you're a world traveler, you'll have access to all your favorite CuriosityStream programs no matter where you go -- which definitely isn't always the case with online streaming. If you’re ready to expand your mind, your imagination, and your intellect, a CuriosityStream subscription is for you. So head over to the official CuriosityStream site and sign up right now, and experience everything it has to offer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Walk into any drugstore in America and you’ll find dozens of so-called “anti-aging” products, from beauty creams and under-eye serums to face masks and hair dyes. Of course, none of these things will actually stop aging. They just appeal to human vanity. In reality, if you’re truly concerned about what will happen to you as you grow older, you should worry less about reducing signs of aging on the outside and pay more attention to aging better on the inside. That’s why a groundbreaking company called Elysium Health created two incredibly advanced products specifically designed to support the healthy cellular aging process. Founded by Dr. Leo Guarente, director of the Glenn Center for Biology of Aging Research at MIT, Elysium Health has a scientific advisory board that includes eight Nobel Laureates. Their goal is to use the latest scientific advancements in the field of cellular aging to create products that can actually improve people’s lives today. Elysium’s flagship products, Elysium Basis and Elysium Index are based on two major discoveries about how we age at the cellular level. Ready to talk science? Let’s talk science. The first major breakthrough in cellular aging concerns the role played by a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+. This molecule performs two essential jobs in the human body without which life would not be possible. First, NAD+ plays a key role in metabolism by helping to turn nutrients into cellular energy. Second, it functions as a helper molecule for special proteins called sirtuins. Sometimes called the “guardians of the genome,” sirtuins play a vital role in overall health, but they can only do their job with the help of NAD+. Unfortunately, scientists have discovered that natural levels of NAD+ decline as we get older, which is the primary cause of cellular aging. However, scientists have also discovered that NAD+ levels can be increased through supplementation of nicotinamide riboside (a highly efficient precursor to NAD+) and pterostilbene (a powerful polyphenol created by plants). That’s where Elysium Basis comes in. To address the problem of declining NAD+ levels, Elysium’s team of all-star scientists developed Basis, a patent-pending formulation of crystalline nicotinamide riboside, which the human body converts into NAD+, and pterostilbene. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, Basis was shown to increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent safely and sustainably. These elevated NAD+ levels help support cellular energy and metabolism, maintain healthy DNA, activate sirtuins, and support healthy cellular aging. Each bottle of Basis has 60 capsules. Elysium Health recommends two capsules every morning, with or without food. The second major breakthrough in the field of cellular aging concerns the field of epigenetics, which is the study of changes in organisms caused by the modification of gene expression. As we age, chemical compounds get attached to our genes, altering how they are expressed. When epigenetic compounds attach to DNA, they are said to have "marked" the genome. These marks do not change the sequence of the DNA, but they do change the way cells read the DNA's instructions. One of the most common epigenetic marks is called DNA methylation. In 2018 Dr. Morgan Levine, a professor at Yale School of Medicine and Elysium’s Bioinformatics Advisor, developed a process that calculates biological age by looking at specific sites along the genome to see what proportion of cells are marked by DNA methylation. That brings us to Elysium Index. To help people better understand how fast they are aging, scientists at Elysium Health developed the Index biological age test, which analyzes over 100,000 sites of DNA methylation to calculate your biological age. When you order the Index biological age test, Elysium sends you a simple at-home saliva collection kit. Once you send your sample back, Elysium extracts your DNA, loads it onto a specially designed DNA sequencing chip, and analyzes it using next-generation technology called Algorithmic Platform for Epigenetic Examination, or APEX. This sophisticated system scans your epigenome for DNA methylation biomarkers, which it then uses to calculate your biological age. Once the analysis process is complete, Elysium sends you a complete report, which includes specific health, diet, and lifestyle recommendations designed to help you age better. Nothing can stop the cellular aging process. But thanks to scientists at Elysium Health, we can be proactive and provide support for healthy cellular aging. And right now, when you subscribe to a one year supply of Basis, you can get 40-percent off the Index biological age test. So don’t let this opportunity to take control of your cellular health pass you by. Click here to see what Elysium Health has to offer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA released a "treasure trove of cosmic delights" last month — gorgeous imagery courtesy of telescopes from around the world. The universe, seen in infrared, radio waves, and gamma rays, is a spectacular sight to behold, with colors, spirals, and star bursts looking like they were dreamed up by a computer animator. But beyond some color coding and "multiwavelength" layering, this is what the various corners of our universe actually look like. First up is the Messier 82 galaxy, pictured in X-ray and optical light using data from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory and Hubble Space Telescope respectively. The blue and pink patterns seen in the image are absolutely massive, spanning some 20,000 light years, the result of repeated supernova explosions. The following image is from the Large Magellanic Cloud, one of the brightest supernova explosions in centuries. A pink shockwave can be seen interacting with the star's remains. This image shows the two massive stars of the Eta Carinae system closely orbiting each other, with white representing optical data from the Hubble, blue representing UV light from the Hubble, and purple representing X-ray imaging from Chandra. Perhaps most spectacular of them all is this image of a small galaxy passing through the middle of a "bull's eye" galaxy. Purple gas, lit up by X-ray data from Chandra, shows how the larger "Cartwheel galaxy" structure is being dragged over more than 150,000 light years. Finally, we have an image from the Helix Nebula, a multiwavelength image using data from a variety of telescopes spanning about four light years across. READ MORE: NASA's Chandra Opens Treasure Trove of Cosmic Delights [NASA] More on Chandra: Astronomers Detect Biggest Explosion Since the Big Bang Share This Article 
Using the Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile, a team of astronomers say they've managed to confirm the existence of an exoplanet — by taking an actual picture of it. The planet, called "b Pictoris c," is located some 63 light-years away from Earth in the Beta Pictoris system. Using the new brightness and dynamic mass information they've gleaned by imaging it, they're hoping they can zone in on how it may have been formed. Researchers first discovered the existence of the planet by studying the effects it had on its parent star's orbit. The planet orbits its star at an extremely close distance, making it difficult to image it by itself. The team used a technique called "radial velocity method" that has been used for years to detect hundreds of exoplanets — but never to study exoplanets themselves directly. By combining images from VLT's four telescopes, the team was able to hone in on the location with extreme detail, which also enabled them to snap a picture of it — the first time an exoplanet was able to be confirmed through both the "radial velocity method" and direct imaging. "This means, we can now obtain both the brightness and the mass of this exoplanet," Mathias Nowak, lead author on the paper published in the journal Astronomy and Astrophysics last week, explained in a statement. "As a general rule, the more massive the planet, the more luminous it is." Before we can determine its mass, the team will have to wait for enough radial velocity data to come in. And that might take some time: one full orbit of the exoplanet takes 28 Earth years. "It is amazing, what level of detail and sensitivity we can achieve with GRAVITY," Frank Eisenhauer, lead scientist of the GRAVITY project at the Max Planck Institutes for Astronomy and Extraterrestrial Physics, said in the statement. "We are just starting to explore stunning new worlds, from the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy to planets outside the solar system," he added. READ MORE: Astronomers Directly Image Planet 63 Light-Years Away [ExtremeTech] More on exoplanet: An Earth-Sized Planet Is Floating Around Without a Star Share This Article 
Today, there are a ton of different online investing platforms to choose from. This is great news for investors—particularly young tech-savvy ones—because they now have access to investment opportunities that didn't exist just a few years ago. That said, the abundance of options makes choosing the best investment opportunity that much more difficult. How do you know which platform or platforms are right for you? How do you know which companies you can trust? What type of assets to invest in? Which ones actually deliver the results they promise? Well, you could scour the web for all the reviews and listicles produced by financial publications. Or you could make it a whole lot easier for yourself and subscribe to MoneyMade, a website specifically designed to keep you up to date and help you make informed decisions about online investing platforms. In the past, resources like Moneymade weren’t really necessary. If you wanted to invest your money, you’d just find yourself a financial advisor at Edward Jones or Merrill Lynch, or maybe a small local firm, and they’d help you set up a  portfolio of publicly traded stocks and bonds. These were basically the only financial assets regular people had access to, so it really wasn’t that complicated. Things are different now. Advancements in computer and programming technology, including crowdfunding tech and artificial intelligence analytics, have opened up all sorts of new doors for investors. Today there are online investment platforms designed to help regular everyday people invest in all sorts of things, including commercial real estate, loans, farmland, startups, robo investing, cryptocurrencies, gold, and even collectibles. When it comes to investing, having more asset classes to choose from is a very good thing. Diversification is and always will be the key to minimizing risk, and minimizing risk is the key to successful long term investing. However, the more online investing platforms there are, the more difficult it is to figure out what’s right for you. In addition to choosing what type of asset you want to invest in, you have to figure out what type of returns you’re looking for and what level of liquidity you’re comfortable with. And of course, you’ll want proof that the platform actually succeeds in making people money. That’s where MoneyMade comes in. MoneyMade is a website that helps you discover and compare over 130 different online investment platforms. Every one of their listings features a helpful overview that summarizes how the platform works, how everyone makes money, and what risks are involved. MoneyMade’s listings also include important specs like the minimum investment required, the target return, fees, payout schedules, liquidity, and so on, plus a star rating based on reviews from verified investors and financial professionals. There’s also a social media stream where you can connect and talk about platforms with other investors. Best of all, once you get an idea of what kind of investment opportunity you're looking for, you can sort investing platforms based on any of the criteria listed above and set up email notifications when new opportunities pop up. Even if you’re a total newcomer to investing and aren’t even sure where to start, MoneyMade can help. While their service is no substitute for licensed and certified investment or financial advice, their six-question Investor Quiz can help you get an idea of what kinds of online investment platforms might be right for you. Whatever stage of financial planning you are in—whether you’re just starting to build a portfolio, or you’re an experienced investor looking to diversify in new and exciting ways—MoneyMade is a very valuable tool to add to your kit. Sign up and the best investment for your money, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On Tuesday, a team of MIT researchers made a big splash when they announced that their "SPARC" compact fusion reactor is "very likely to work." The announcement, detailed in seven papers penned by dozens of scientists from a laundry list of research institutions, claimed that the researchers were on a straight path to achieving fusion power — generating power from fusing atomic nuclei together like the Sun, rather than splitting them, like a nuclear power plant. The promise is a never-ending source of clean power without running the risk of a nuclear disaster. Tesla CEO and billionaire Elon Musk says he's impressed by the research — with one major catch: the cost. "It’s cool and for sure can and should be done," he tweeted about the fusion research,"but I suspect its best case will be more costly than wind and solar (aka big fusion reactor in sky)." Fusion energy has been the holy grail for energy generation for over half a century. While the science and technology surrounding reactor designs have come a long way, Musk is right that it remains an elusive dream. Cost isn't the only issue facing it. As of right now, it's simply not viable yet. Despite all that, the people working on the next generation of fusion reactors are undeterred. The SPARC team at MIT is hoping to get to the point where their reactor puts out ten times the amount of energy it consumes. But as we've heard many times before, the technology is still well over a decade away — their goal is to start generating electricity starting in 2035. And then, like Musk said, fusion energy could be a costly endeavor. The price of wind and solar energy have plummeted over the years, giving them a more-than-healthy head start over fusion. Developing a functioning and efficient fusion reactor is also proving to be an extremely costly process. The ITER fusion power plant, soon to be the largest of its kind in the world, is an international collaboration with a sky-high price tag: a whopping $22 billion — a conservative estimate, critics say. The US Department of Energy has long been skeptical of ITER's plans. Congress confirmed it had approved a $115 million investment in 2016, but support for the project dwindled throughout president Donald Trump's first term. Only $50 million were set aside by the Department of Energy this year — including for both national and international fusion energy research and development. Despite the lack of enthusiasm for ITER, US lawmakers haven't given up on solar [fusion?]. Earlier this month, the US House of Representatives approved a fusion energy commercialization program to support a burgeoning industry of private fusion startups. The hope is to make fusion a reality through public-private partnerships — very much in the same vain as NASA's collaboration with SpaceX and other contractors. By scaling down operations — who needs a multi-billion dollar, football field-sized reactor? — some startups are hoping to come up with their own solutions in achieving fusion energy. "Fusion is poised for a 'SpaceX moment,'" CEO of startup General Fusion Christofer Mowry told NBC last year. A 2018 paper explored what the economy of fusion energy could look like in the coming decades. While the costs strongly depend on what the exact designs of the fusion reactors look like, the electricity price could become comparable to that of solar and wind, the paper's authors argue. But it may not be a question of either or — fusion is perhaps more likely to be just part of the solution. According to a study commissioned by a British fusion power startup, fusion may be a way to make up for electricity shortfalls in the renewable energy sector. In other words, wind and solar alone won't be enough to meet demands and keep climate change in check. Fusion could help by replacing current power generation from coal and natural gas. More on fusion: MIT Researchers Say Their Fusion Reactor Is "Very Likely to Work" Share This Article 
Solar power has always been a great idea on paper. After all, sunlight is free and using it to power your home is good for the environment. The only problem was that, for a long time, the cost of installing solar equipment was so high that it didn’t make financial sense for the average homeowner to bother. But luckily that’s all starting to change. Today, depending on where you live, it is actually possible to reduce your carbon footprint and save money. However, going solar still isn’t right for everybody. And the process can be extremely complicated. So if you want to find out if solar is right for you, the very first thing you need to do is get a free consultation from the experts at Understand Solar. People have been saying that solar energy is the future for a long time. But now, finally, it’s actually true. Over the past 10 years, the cost of going solar has dropped by roughly 70 percent. During this same period, solar employment has more than doubled, pumping an estimated $17 billion into the American economy. And with states like California now mandating that all new homes be equipped with solar energy systems, the industry as a whole continues to experience an average annual growth rate of 50 percent. So making the switch to solar has never been more affordable. In fact, depending on where you live, the money you’ll save on energy could offset or even exceed the costs of installation. But affordability is only half the story. Over the last few years, we have started to get a much better idea of the value solar energy systems can add to a home. Though everything depends on where you live and how much sunlight your property gets, generally speaking, homes with solar energy systems sell faster and for higher prices than homes without solar energy systems. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1% to the value of the average home. Another found buyers are typically willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another concluded that you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar energy installed. When you factor in increases in electricity rates and all the money you’ll save on traditional energy, plus the value a solar energy system can add to your home, solar panels can be a very good long term investment. In fact, it’s entirely possible that an investment in solar energy could outperform traditional investment portfolios over the course of 15 to 20 years. That being said, going solar isn’t a financial slam dunk for everyone. The cost-benefit ratio and ROI depends on a number of complicated factors, including the architectural features and geographical location of your home, the prevalence of solar contractors and suppliers in your area, and the laws and regulations in your state or municipality. So how do you know if solar energy is right for you? Your first step should be to contact Understand Solar. Understand Solar is a third-party solar power advocate. As such they neither sell nor install solar energy systems themselves. Instead, they promote the solar industry by educating consumers and simplifying the process of going solar. They will teach you everything you need to know and walk you through the entire process. For free. No commitment required. Understand Solar provides consumers with free personalized solar power assessments. They’ll provide you with ballpark estimates for rates and installations in your area, all the financing and leasing options available to you, as well as any government tax incentives, including the Federal solar tax credit. All you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. A solar energy expert will then contact you via phone to go over your assessment and answer any questions you may have. After that, if you’re ready to take the next step, Understand Solar will help you arrange in-home estimates with experienced installers in your area. Of course, in the end, you may learn that going solar power is not right for you. But you may learn that you actually stand to lose money in the long run if you don’t go solar. Want to find out where you stand? It takes just a few minutes to get started, so there’s no reason to wait. Click here to get your free solar power assessment today from Understand Solar today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
"Blockchain" is easy to dismiss as just a buzzword. Ever since the arrival of cryptocurrencies, people have tried to cram "blockchain" into their marketing copy without bothering to explain what it is or why it might matter. Yet there's a reason for all the hype, as there's much more to blockchain than just trading cat pictures. The Mega Blockchain Mastery Bundle, temporarily just $39, will show you why this technology is so important. At its most basic, a blockchain is an evolution of double-entry bookkeeping, where instead of two people having a ledger kept centrally, everyone involved in a transaction network has the ledger. Starting with the genesis block, as transactions are performed new blocks are made, consisting of an encrypted copy of the previous block, a timestamp, and the transaction data. The key is that everybody has the same blockchain, which is constantly updated, and for any transaction to happen within that network, everybody's blockchain needs to match perfectly. If it doesn't, the transaction doesn't go through. It also protects against retroactive fraud; a block cannot be changed without the consent of the majority of users in the network, so hiding fake transactions becomes almost impossible. Another advantage is that everybody has the entire record to examine, which aids in transparency and trust. It's relatively simple to go back and sift through records to confirm a person's statement or a chain of custody. You know how at work somebody might claim they never got an email? With blockchain, you could just pop open the record and see if they were telling the truth. These two points make blockchain useful not just for cryptocurrencies, but for any transaction where you need a detailed record of who's doing what and when. One popular example is the smart contract. You've engaged with a smart contract before if you've ever bought a soda from a vending machine. The "contract" is that if you feed a few quarters into the machine, you'll get a refreshing beverage. You slot your coins in, and the machine instantly fulfills the contract, albeit sometimes with more fizz than you wanted. With smart contracts, certain legal transactions can essentially be turned into computer programs; the terms are agreed to, as tracked by the blockchain, the contract is signed by both parties, and it's instantly executed. There's no haggling, no debate, and no hidden terms. You simply create a contract, someone else fulfills it, and the rest of the process is automated. That's especially important in transactions such as fair-trade buying, carbon pricing, and blocking counterfeit goods from entering the market. It's not just that the companies involved know where their product came from: It's that everyone does. The Mega Blockchain Mastery Bundle offers 56 hours of training, across 13 lectures, that takes you through the fundamentals up above and then moves on to the broader uses of blockchain. It uses the EOSIO platform, available as open sources, to show you how blockchain works, from the basics all the way to the most complex. You'll see how cryptocurrencies are built from the ground up and how, from there, cryptocurrency networks can be used to develop smart contracts. You'll learn the details of how security works in the blockchain and how to apply it to create confidence in every transaction. Finally, you'll see how to use these skills both in your career and to scrutinize the security and safety of other cryptocurrencies. Well after the hype has died down, blockchain will underpin crucial parts of the world. For 97% off, the Mega Blockchain Mastery Bundle will show you how to build that world. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to your health and wellness, the importance of your immune system is almost impossible to overstate. Unfortunately, while cutting-edge nutritional science has created comprehensive formulas for all sorts of other wellness needs—building muscles, optimizing metabolism, sharpening cognitive performance—nutritional formulas designed to support the immune system have been at a standstill for 30 years. But if you’re tired of popping some vitamin C, downing spoonfuls of elderberry syrup, or gulping green smoothies with the hope that something in there helps, here’s some really good news. The team of scientists at Neurohacker Collective has created Qualia Immune, a nutritional formula designed to support the immune system as comprehensively as possible without the need for dozens of different products. The human immune system is notoriously complex. That’s why comprehensive nutritional immune system support has been so hard to come by. Any good nutritional regimen for the immune system has to do four very complex things. Unfortunately, no magic ingredient can accomplish all these things. Some of these needs are supported by polyphenols. Others are supported by algae extracts, trace minerals, probiotics, prebiotics, and beta-glucans. So many things play a role in supporting immune health. And it requires a deep understanding of immune system function to grasp how much of each ingredient is optimal, particularly in relation to each other. Fortunately, this is the exact sort of challenge at which Neurohacker Collective excels. For years the science and medical team at Neurohacker Collective has been at the cutting edge of nutritional science. Now they are applying their renowned whole system science approach to help busy people support their immune system. After years of exhaustive research and pouring over hundreds of clinical studies on dozens of potential ingredients, they’ve arrived at the most complete nutritional formula for supporting the human immune system ever available.  (Use Promo Code PRODANDNEURO For 15-percent Off Your First Purchase) Qualia Immune contains 19 different ingredients that have been rigorously studied for their ability to support various aspects of the human immune system. This formula has been specifically designed to support the immune system with the complexity that it demands, maximizing the wellness of one of the most important regulatory systems in the human body. Like all of their products, Neurohacker Collective backs Qualia Immune with a 100-day money-back guarantee. If you’re not completely satisfied, simply return it for a full refund. So there’s no reason not to try the world’s most comprehensive immune support formula for yourself. Click here to order Qualia Immune, today. And as a special bonus, use promo code PRODANDNEURO to get 15-percent off your first purchase. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Back in 2018, an Amazon warehouse robot malfunctioned and tore open a can of bear repellent, sending 24 workers to the hospital. It was a dramatic illustration of an ominous trend: Amazon's warehouses have high rates of serious worker injury, a new investigation reveals — and the number has continued to climb since the online retail giant introduced warehouse robots into the mix. The revelation comes from a massive trove of internal Amazon documents, acquired by Reveal, that shows that Amazon warehouses are a far more dangerous place to work than the company ever let on. And recent attempts to boost productivity, whether it's increasing worker quotas or deploying more robots, have only made the problem worse. The data, Reveal reports, supports past claims made by warehouse workers that the robots led Amazon leadership to ramp up worker quotas to the point that just meeting their goals is dangerous for human workers. Reveal also built a spreadsheet that breaks down injuries by warehouse, so you can go see how dangerous conditions are at the warehouse that services your area. Over the past four years, Amazon warehouses that rely on robots have had considerably higher rates of workers getting seriously injured on the job than the industry average and its more traditional warehouses. The injury rate at the robot warehouses has increased much faster as well. Particularly dangerous, in addition to the holiday season, are other major sales events like Prime Day and Cyber Monday, Reveal reports. This flies in the face of Amazon's public claims that injuries actually went down during those periods. Amazon spokesperson Rachael Lighty declined to answer Reveal's specific questions, providing instead a statement: "Nothing is more important than the health and safety of our teams. So far in 2020, we have committed over $1B in new investments in operations safety measures, ranging from technology investments in safety to masks, gloves, and the enhanced cleaning and sanitization required to protect employees from the spread of COVID-19." However, despite Amazon's investments and other attempts to curb workplace injuries, the company has repeatedly failed to meet its injury-reduction goals, even when those goals were made less ambitious year after year. On the contrary, injuries continue to climb. The problem, Reveal reports, is that these investments are made on yet more technological solutions or rarely-enforced safety initiatives rather than easing the dangerous workload Amazon imposes on its staff. Sometimes, managers would even incentivize workers to hide their injuries by offering free pizza for injury-free shifts. As the robots continued to work faster, humans were expected to keep up, leading to more wear and tear on their bodies and a higher risk of injury. Workers who were previously expected to scan 100 products each hour now have quotas closer to 400. "We realized early on there was an issue," an anonymous former senior Amazon safety manager told Reveal. "It was just — you're already moving that way at light speed, so how do you take a step back and readjust?" READ MORE: How Amazon hid its safety crisis [Reveal] More on Amazon: After Deaths, Amazon Lands on List of Most Dangerous Employers Share This Article 
When it comes to living a happy and fulfilling life, the importance of good health cannot be overstated. Though it’s not an end in itself, good health helps make all the things that really matter possible. So what steps are you taking to make sure your health is as strong as it possibly can be? Thanks to decades of advanced scientific research, today we know more about the foundations of good health than at any other time in our history. And if you want to put this knowledge to good use, you need to check out the Gut Intelligence Service and Health Intelligence Service from Viome. We’ve talked a lot about Viome in this space over the last few years. Their advanced Gut Intelligence test completely redefined what was possible when it comes to promoting gut health. Now, with their Health Intelligence service, Viome is taking nutrition-based healthcare to the next level. The human gut microbiome is the community of symbiotic bacteria and other microorganisms that live in the digestive tract. Over the last few decades, scientists have discovered that this ecosystem plays a significant role in our overall health. When the microbes in your gut are out of balance, your body can't absorb nutrients the way it should, which results in inflammation, the root of almost every chronic disease. Recent research has linked the gut microbiome to a number of specific diseases and conditions, including heart disease, diabetes, colon cancer, obesity, sleep, and mental clarity. The gut microbiome is also closely interconnected with the immune system, with studies showing a clear link between diet and innate immunity. Viome’s Gut Intelligence Service is kind of like a DNA test, only instead of mapping out genes, it maps out the organisms in your gut. Once you sign up, Viome will send you an easy to use, non-invasive at-home kit to collect a stool sample. You simply have to return your sample using the postage-paid box provided, and Viome does the rest. Using something called advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing, the Gut Intelligence service identifies and quantifies every strain and species in your gut and determines what nutrients and toxins they are producing. Viome then runs your results through an advanced artificial intelligence engine, cross referencing them with a huge database of information to determine your personalized food recommendations. Under the default settings, these food recommendations are designed to increase microbial species associated with overall wellness; minimize microbial species associated with poor health; create the ideal ratio of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats for your body; identify foods that are most compatible with your metabolism; help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight; and increase your energy, focus, and well-being. However, with the Viome app you can also customize the recommendations to achieve specific goals, such as increasing mental clarity or losing weight. And the Gut Intelligence service gives you over 20 different health insight scores evaluating things like digestive efficiency, inflammatory activity, and metabolic fitness. If you want to get serious about gut health, Viome’s Gut Intelligence test is where you need to start. But what if you want an even broader understanding of your health on a cellular level? Now, for the first time, you can get it with the Viome Health Intelligence Service. Viome’s Health Intelligence Service doesn’t just give you a picture of your gut health. This first-of-its-kind service also gives you a picture of your cellular and mitochondrial health as well. When you sign up for the Health Intelligence Service, Viome sends you a stool test and a blood test. The latter allows Viome to measure your RNA, which is an indicator of how your genes are expressed in your cells and mitochondria, which is the powerhouse of the cell. By analyzing your RNA, Viome can determine how well your cells and mitochondria are working. Poor mitochondrial function means cells don’t have enough energy to repair themselves. This problem has been linked to aging, poor metabolism, cardiovascular health, and brain health. Meanwhile, poor cellular health has been linked to low energy, poor stress response, inflammation, and immune response, among other things. Viome’s Health Intelligence Service gives you over 30 different health insight scores, including stress response, biological age, and immune system health. Then their AI engine analyzes your scores, runs them against the Viome database, and tells you which foods are your superfoods, which foods you should minimize, which foods you should avoid, and which supplements you should take. Following these recommendations can improve your mental clarity, immunity, mood, weight, sleep, energy levels, and of course, your digestive wellness. Everybody wants to be healthy. And Viome’s advanced microbiome and gene expression tests give you unprecedented clarity about your overall health and wellness. So click here if you’re ready to take control of your health with Viome. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We all know that what we eat affects our health. We know eating foods that are high in fat can lead to weight gain and obesity. We know eating too much sugar can lead to blood sugar problems like diabetes. We know we’re supposed to limit our consumption of trans fats, cholesterol, and processed meats, just to name a few, because they have been linked to things like heart disease and cancer. However, when it comes to understanding the way our diet impacts our health, all of that is just the beginning. Thanks to recent scientific advancements, today we have a better understanding than ever before about how diet impacts our health on a cellular level. And if you want to make use of this new understanding, you should probably take a look at the Gut Intelligence Test and Health Intelligence Service from Viome. Viome has made big waves in the health and wellness industry over the past few years. It all started with their revolutionary Gut Intelligence Test, which has redefined what’s possible when it comes to building a healthier gut microbiome. Now Viome has taken things to the next level with their new Health Intelligence Service, which analyzes gut, cellular, mitochondrial, and immune system health to provide the most personalized dietary recommendations possible. If you’re looking to create a diet that maximizes health, either of these services is a great place to start. To understand how the Gut Intelligence Test works, first you have to understand what the gut is, and why it matters. The human gut microbiome is the community of symbiotic bacteria and other microorganisms that live in our digestive tract. Scientists have discovered that this ecosystem plays a significant role in our overall health. When the microbes in your gut are out of balance, your body can't absorb nutrients the way it should. The result of this is inflammation, the root of almost every chronic disease. Recent research has linked the gut microbiome to a number of specific diseases and conditions, including heart disease, diabetes, colon cancer, obesity and weight management, sleep, and mental clarity. The gut microbiome is also closely interconnected with the immune system, with studies showing a clear link between diet and innate immunity. So what is the Gut Intelligence Test? It’s kind of like a DNA test, only instead of mapping out genes, it maps out the organisms in your gut. When you sign up, Viome sends you an easy to use, non-invasive at-home kit to collect a stool sample. All you have to do is return your sample using the postage-paid box provided. Viome does the rest. Using something called advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing, Viome identifies and quantifies every strain and species in your gut and determines what nutrients and toxins they are producing. Viome then runs your results through an advanced artificial intelligence engine, cross-referencing them with a huge database of information to arrive at personalized food recommendations. The standard recommendations are designed to increase microbial species associated with overall wellness; minimize microbial species associated with poor health; create the ideal ratio of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats for your body; identify foods that are most compatible with your metabolism; help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight; and increase your energy, focus, and well-being. However, with the Viome app you can also customize the recommendations to achieve specific goals, such as increasing mental clarity or losing weight. And the Gut Intelligence service gives you over 20 different health insight scores that evaluate things like digestive efficiency, inflammatory activity, and metabolic fitness. If you want to get serious about gut health, Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test is absolutely essential. But what if you want an even broader understanding of your health on a cellular level? That’s where Viome’s new Health Intelligence Service comes in. Viome’s Health Intelligence Service includes everything you get with the Gut Intelligence Test. However, it also includes a human gene expression test, plus 30 additional health insight scores, which rate everything from stress response, biological age, and immune system health. When you sign up for the Health Intelligence Service, Viome sends you a stool test and a blood test. The latter allows Viome to measure your RNA, which is an indicator of how your genes are expressed in your cells and mitochondria, which is the powerhouse of the cell. By analyzing your RNA, Viome can determine how well your cells and mitochondria are working. Poor mitochondrial function means cells don’t have enough energy to repair themselves. This has been linked to aging, poor metabolism, cardiovascular health, and brain health. Meanwhile, poor cellular health has been linked to low energy, poor stress response, inflammation, and immune response, among other things. After you return your stool and blood tests to Viome, their AI engine analyzes your scores and runs them against the Viome database. This enables them to determine which foods are your personal superfoods, which foods you should minimize, which foods you should avoid altogether, and which supplements you should take. Because no two gut microbiomes or genomes are exactly alike, all recommendations are tailored specifically for you. And following them can improve your mental clarity, immunity, mood, weight, sleep, energy levels, and of course your digestive wellness. Right now, we have the technology to promote good health on a cellular level. All we have to do is take advantage of it. So if you want to get a clearer picture of your health, take a look at Viome’s Gut Intelligence and Health Intelligence Services today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. For people who take science seriously, the fact that health bloggers and social media influencers talk so much about “gut health” probably makes you think it’s all a bunch of pseudoscientific nonsense. But that is not the case. There is actually a lot of hard scientific evidence that shows the human gut microbiome affects almost every system in the body, including the digestive system, immune system, and cardiovascular system. Some studies have linked the gut microbiome to a number of specific diseases and conditions, such as diabetes, obesity, irritable bowel syndrome, and colon cancer. Others have shown how the gut impacts things like stress, sleep, and mood. So believe it or not, the bloggers and social media influencers are right when they talk about the importance of gut health. Where they go so very wrong is when they make dietary recommendations. That’s because everyone’s gut is completely unique, made up of different strains of microorganisms that interact with your DNA. So if you want dietary recommendations that will actually benefit your gut, you need to take a microbiome test like the Gut Intelligence Test from Viome. The human microbiome is the complex ecosystem of microorganisms that live in and on the human body. When we talk about the gut in particular, we’re talking about the portion of the microbiome that lives in your digestive tract. And microbiome tests help you identify the specific strains of microorganisms in your gut. But not all of microbiome tests work the same way. What makes Viome’s Gut Intelligence Test the most advanced microbiome test in the world is its proprietary microbe identification technology and advanced analytics engine. Viome is the only private lab in the world with access to something called “advanced metatranscriptomic sequencing technology,” which was originally developed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory for national security purposes. This tech helps Viome identify and quantify every strain and species in your gut, how active they are, and what specific nutrients and toxins they produce from the food you eat. After that, Viome runs this data through an advanced AI algorithm that uses a massive and continually growing database of information to come up with personalized nutrition recommendations. Taking the Gut Intelligence Test couldn’t be simpler. Once you place your order, Viome will send you an easy to use, non-invasive at-home kit to collect your sample. Then you simply return your sample using the postage-paid box provided. Your results and dietary recommendations will be delivered straight to your phone via Viome’s secure and user friendly mobile app. All dietary recommendations can be customized based on health and wellness goals that you select for yourself. However, the default recommendations are designed to increase microbial species associated with overall wellness; minimize microbial species associated with poor health; create the ideal ratio of proteins, carbohydrates, and fats for your body; identify foods that are most compatible with your metabolism; help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight; and increase your energy, focus, and well-being. The Gut Intelligence Test normally costs $299. However, right now Viome is running a deal that gives the test kit, the test results, and all the customized nutritional recommendations for just $129. So if you’re looking for health and wellness insights based on real science instead of fads and gimmicks, this deal is too good to pass up. Share This Article 
An outrageously strange paper claims, among other things, that there's a black hole at the center of the Earth. And somehow, it got published in an actual scientific journal, the Open Access Macedonian Journal of Medical Sciences — baffling mainstream scientists. "Recently, some scientists from NASA have claimed that there may be a black hole like structure at the centre of the earth," the paper begins. "We show that the existence of life on the earth may be a reason that this black hole like object is a black brane that has been formed from biological materials like DNA." Then it gets even weirder, like a Mad Lib of conspiracy theories and scientific-sounding words. "Size of this DNA black brane is 109 times longer than the size of the earth’s core and compacted interior it," it continues. "By compacting this long object, a curved space-time emerges, and some properties of black holes emerge." When researchers dug the paper up this week — it was published about a year ago, but attracted little attention until now — they expressed consternation about both the contents of the paper and how it ended up in what appears to be a vaguely credible scientific journal. The bylines on the paper do appear to correspond to actual researchers at a variety of European universities. But its claims, about a black hole formed by something "like DNA," are hilariously tabloid-esque. Here's Paul Byrne, an associate professor of planetary science at North Carolina State University: What (and I cannot stress this enough) *the fuck*https://t.co/bt2d8ebryg — Paul Byrne (@ThePlanetaryGuy) September 22, 2020  The most likely explanation, according to Cambridge University mathematician Sarah Rasmussen, is that the authors purposely submitted a ridiculous paper in order to expose "predatory journals" that purport to be normal, peer-reviewed publications, but in reality apply little scrutiny to material that they publish, often in order to collect publication fees. As Rasmussen pointed out, the lead author on the paper has previously published a paper about the threat posed by predatory journals. And, as a nail in the coffin, she also noticed that the Open Access Macedonian Journal of Medical Sciences was previously fooled by a sting operation by Science, back in 2013, which attempted to get outlandish papers published in journals that claimed to peer review their material. So, fortunately, it appears that there isn't actually a black hole in the center of the Earth — although there may be some form of black hole where the Open Access Macedonian Journal of Medical Sciences's editorial standards are supposed to be. READ MORE: 13 Scientists Say—in a Real Journal!—There's a Black Hole at the Center of Earth [Popular Mechanics] More on predatory publishing: A Neuroscientist Just Tricked 4 Dodgy Journals Into Accepting a Fake Paper on ‘Midi-Chlorians’ Share This Article 
When it comes to getting fit, nothing beats personalized instruction from a certified personal trainer. Not only do personal trainers provide guidance and feedback tailored to your exact needs, but just as importantly, they help you stay motivated and inspired. Unfortunately, right now is not a good time to work out in close proximity to other humans. But that doesn’t mean you have to give up your fitness goals. With the groundbreaking Tempo Studio home workout system, you can actually get premium personalized workouts without even leaving your living room. If your workout routine has fizzled over the last few months, and you’re looking for a way to ignite that fire once again, you need to check this out. The Tempo Studio is one of the most innovative and advanced home workout solutions ever created. It’s an all-in-one fitness system that combines cutting-edge tech with a stylish space-saving design, giving you all the benefits of joining a gym without having to leave the house. The centerpiece of the Tempo Studio system is a sleek easel-shaped cabinet with a 42-inch HD touchscreen display, 60w stereo speakers, a time-of-flight motion sensor, plus a full array of premium workout equipment that stows neatly inside. The touchscreen display, speakers, and motion sensor enable you to take live and on-demand fitness classes taught by top instructors and get real-time feedback. Meanwhile, the equipment includes a barbell, plates, dumbbells, workout mat, recovery roller, and heart rate monitor. Worried you don’t have enough space? Don’t be. The Tempo Studio system is amazingly compact. It stands just six feet tall, takes up a mere three square feet of floor space, and requires only five clear feet to use. If you have enough space in your home to do sit-ups or pushups, you have enough space for the Tempo Studio. Are you ready for the future of fitness? The Tempo Studio uses incredible 3D motion capture and powerful artificial intelligence technology to provide the kinds of biomechanical analysis and insights previously only available to elite professional athletes. The Tempo Vision motion capture system uses a time-of-flight motion sensor that emits 30 pulses of infrared light per second to generate a complex 3D model of your body with over 80,000 individual points. From there, Tempo’s advanced AI takes this raw data and condenses it down to 25 essential joints. The system then tracks these 25 joints, counts your reps, monitors your heart rate, makes weight recommendations, and analyzes your form. During live classes, coaches are notified in real-time when you make a mistake so they can tell you when to straighten your back, keep your knees over your toes, and so on. During on-demand classes, the AI provides the feedback, providing personalized notes and easy‐to‐grasp visual cues on the screen, exactly when you need them. In short, with the Tempo Studio, it’s like having a personal trainer at your beck and call 24-hours a day. Some home workout systems only focus on one specific type of workout. But the Tempo Studio was designed with versatility front and center. With a monthly Tempo Studio membership, you get unlimited access to hundreds of on-demand and live classes in strength training, high-intensity interval training, mobility, cardio, and recovery. For those who thrive on competition, there is even a challenge mode that lets you test your strength and endurance against other Tempo Studio users. Tempo Studio classes are taught by some of the most sought-after trainers in the industry, all of whom have years of high-performance athletic and fitness experience. Normally, you’d have to live in L.A. or New York to workout with trainers like this. But with the Tempo Studio, it’s like they live in your living room. There’s a lot of uncertainty in the world right now. But your physical fitness doesn’t have to be a casualty. The Tempo Studio gives you personalized AI-powered workouts in the comfort of your own home, with some of the best trainers in the world. And right now you can try it FREE for 30 days. If you’re not happy, send it back for a full refund. If you are happy, keep it and take advantage of Tempo Studio’s 0% APR financing for 36 months. So don't wait. Click here to order your Tempo Studio, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With movie theaters relatively empty and doctors continuing to recommend social distancing, home entertainment is arguably more important to our day-to-day lives than it’s ever been. And when it comes to home entertainment, home audio is often the most underrated component of the home theater experience. But if you're not the type who will settle for a subpar audio experience, you need cutting-edge speakers from Sonos, the most trusted name in the business. No matter what you're in the market for, Sonos offers myriad home audio components for practically any listening environment. Here’s a look at some of their most impressive products that will showcase the brand's range and versatility. Arc, featuring Dolby Atmos, is the key to 100-percent crystal clear and faithful sound. It will make you wonder how you ever survived with just your TV’s built-in speakers. All your favorite shows, movies, games, and anything else you watch or listen to on TV will be elevated to a totally realistic listening experience. This is due to advanced Trueplay technology that tailors the sound to your room’s unique acoustic dimensions. It can stream podcasts and music even when your TV is off, and you can control it with your choice of the Sonos app, the included remote control, Apple AirPlay 2, or your own voice. Sonos can provide everything you need for an optimum home theater setup, from wall and ceiling speakers to smart soundbars, subwoofers, and everything in between. But they’ve also cooked up the ideal portable speaker that you can take pretty much anywhere, aptly named Move. The Move brings brilliant audio anywhere. And because you can sync it up with your phone via Bluetooth, you don't even need WiFi. It’s also durable, waterproof, and drop-resistant, which means it's safe to use outdoors. And like the Arc, you can control it with your voice, a  remote, the app, or Apple AirPlay 2. If you have a record collection, you probably know the importance of using high-quality components. And if you’re looking for a one-stop-shop in that department, check out the Sonos Vinyl Set, which includes one Five speaker and a Pro-Ject T1 Phono SB Turntable. And of course, with the Five, you’ll be able to enjoy high-fidelity audio from your streamed music, podcasts, radio shows, and more, in addition to your records. If you’re ready to change the way you experience audio entertainment in your home, you can check out the entire Sonos catalog and upgrade your home audio setup at their official website, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff (however, we do have a Sonos system at the Futurism office).  Share This Article 
Later this month, NASA is scheduled to launch an unusual payload — 10 bottles of a face cream by cosmetics company Estée Lauder. The idea is that NASA astronauts will take pictures of the bougie cream, which Estée Lauder will then use in a social media campaign, in a strange echo of the way influencers like the Kardashians take payments from brands in exchange for exposure on Instagram. As SpaceNews reports, the arrangement is prompting questions about whether it's an appropriate use of NASA's resources. On Wednesday, for instance, New Hampshire Senator Jeanne Shaheen grilled NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine about the project. "I’m a fan of Estée Lauder’s Advanced Night Repair, like anybody else who might want to benefit from its antigravity properties," she said, according to SpaceNews. "I guess I’m having trouble understanding how Estée Lauder’s effort is going to support the commercialization efforts of NASA." "Can you talk about how shooting a cosmetics commercial advances NASA’s mission?" she asked. Bridenstine, awkwardly, said he wasn't aware of the project, but defended it anyway. "I don’t think that shooting a cosmetics commercial is the intent of that particular mission," he said. Furthering the questions around the launch is that Estée Lauder is only paying NASA $128,000 for the launch, according to SpaceNews — chump change by the standards of space travel, and an amount that Shaheen said wouldn't even cover the costs associated with it. Astronauts won't appear in the photos, and they won't be paid extra for their participation in the stunt, but they will take the photos of the product. The launch is taking place against the backdrop of the Trump administration's edict for NASA to develop an economy in space. In one initiative, it's offering payments to any private companies that can bag up Moon dirt. It's also involved in a deal in which SpaceX will fly film star Tom Cruise and director Doug Liman to the International Space Station next year, where they'll reportedly film scenes for an upcoming movie. But those projects have at least some potential to break new ground or develop new technology. It's less obvious how the Estée Lauder face cream will do that. NASA director f commercial spaceflight development Phil McAlister, though, defended the project to SpaceNews. "In order for those destinations to be sustainable," he told the site, "they’re going to need customers other than NASA to support their operation. This Estée Lauder payload is one part of NASA’s overall strategy to help making that transition and to help commercial LEO development." READ MORE: NASA working with cosmetics company on space station commercialization [SpaceNews] More on NASA: NASA Says It’s Almost Found the Leak on the International Space Station Share This Article 
Earlier this year, conservationists in Botswana came across something gruesome: hundreds of elephants were dropping dead — and details are slowly emerging about the horrific scene. Two flights over the Okavango Panhandle, a lush river delta, confirmed that about 356 elephants had mysteriously died, as The New York Times reported at the time. They could rule out poachers, as all their tusks were still intact. The ongoing coronavirus pandemic hampered the investigation. "Elephants began dying in huge numbers in early May and the government would normally respond within days to an event of this scale," director of conservation group National Park Rescue, Mark Hiley, told the Associated Press in July. "Yet here we are, months later, with no testing completed and with no more information than we had at the start." Hiley also called it "one of the biggest disasters to impact elephants this century, and right in the middle of one of Africa’s top tourism destinations." More than two months later, investigations reveal that the mysterious deaths were caused by cyanobacteria, toxic microscopic algae found in larger bodies of blue-green water, the BBC reports. The bacteria can grow naturally in standing water. Given enough time, they can bloom into algae on a larger scale. Scientists warn that climate change could end up making these events more likely in the future. "Our latest tests have detected cyanobacterial neurotoxins to be the cause of deaths," Department of Wildlife and National Parks' Principal Veterinary Officer Mmadi Reuben told reporters on Monday, as quoted by the BBC. Reuben also noted that those puddles likely dried up towards the end of June. "We have many questions still to be answered such as why the elephants only and why that area only," Reuben added. "We have a number of hypotheses we are investigating." READ MORE: Botswana: Mystery elephant deaths caused by cyanobacteria [BBC] More on elephants: US Quietly Allows Import of Some Elephant Trophies  Share This Article 
Most people take some sort of stimulant every day to boost cognitive functions (concentration, focus, wakefulness, etc.). The most popular choice, of course, is caffeine. It’s estimated that some 200 million Americans drink at least one cup of coffee every day. However, in recent years, more and more people are turning to prescription stimulants to get the job done. According to a 2018 survey conducted by the American Journal of Psychiatry, at least 16 million Americans over the age of 18 use stimulants like Adderall, Ritalin, or Modafinil. Unfortunately, while all these stimulants are good at boosting mental performance, they also come with unwanted side effects, such as jitters, irritability, anxiety, and energy crashes. However, a new company is out to change all that. They’ve created Recoop, the world’s first science-based supplement system specifically designed to counteract the side effects of mental performance medications. And if you’re one of the millions of people who rely on such medications for mental stamina, these supplements might just change your life. Recoop’s motto is “no jitters, no judgment.” The company was founded by a trio of entrepreneurs who noticed that a lot of high-achieving people like themselves were suffering unwanted physical and mental side effects from taking prescription stimulants for focus and concentration. So they set out to eliminate both the side effects and the stigma of mental performance medications. To achieve that goal, they put together a team of scientists and researchers to find a scientific solution and change the way we think about prescription stimulants. After extensive research, this team came up with two different formulas—one to control the side effects of Adderall and other stimulants throughout the day, and another to deactivate those stimulants at night. As its name suggests, Recoop Balance is designed to balance out the effects of Adderall and other stimulants, giving you all the focus without the anxiety. Two caplets in the morning before you take any stimulants have been shown to improve impulse control, combat irritability, lift mood, and boost productivity. So what, exactly, is in Recoop Balance? Here’s a rundown of the key ingredients: Curcumin for Detoxification Curcumin, which is found in the spice tumeric, has been used in India for medicinal purposes for thousands of years. It contains natural polyphenol compounds called curcuminoids that have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and neuroprotective properties. Recent evidence also suggests that curcumin can increase cognitive performance and enhance neurogenesis. Curcumin is used in Recoop Balance for detoxification and neurogenesis. Vitimin B for Cognitive Function Elevated levels of the homocysteine serum can result in the loss of cognitive function, as well as various cardiovascular problems, and studies have shown that coffee consumption raises homocysteine levels. Luckily, Vitamin B helps prevent loss of cognitive function by reducing levels of homocysteine. Vitamin B is used in Recoop Balance to promote DNA regeneration, regulate mood, and build healthy brain cells. Ashwagandha for Stress Relief Ashwagandha is an herb used in Ayurveda, a traditional Indian medicine. Now, recent scientific studies have found that it may fight anxiety by reducing cortisol levels. Cortisol is your body’s main stress hormone. Produced by the adrenal glands, it interacts with parts of your brain to control mood, motivation, and fear. Ashwagandha is used in Recoop Balance to reduce stress, improve focus, and reduce cravings. L-Theanine for Focus L-theanine is an amino acid found in green tea that is structurally similar to glutamate, another amino acid that helps transmit nerve impulses to the brain. L-theanine has long been known to improve focus and attention, and actually has a synergistic effect with stimulants such as caffeine. Now we know this is because it modulates inhibitory neurotransmitters, selective serotonin, and dopamine to bring about anxiolytic and calming effects. L-theanine is used in Recoop Balance for deep concentration, reduced stress, and stimulant enhancement. Coenzyme Q10 for Organ Function Coenzyme Q10 is a molecule found in mitochondria that plays a critical role in producing energy for the body. It is also a powerful antioxidant that has a well-documented impact on cardiovascular health. Coenzyme Q10 is used in Recoop Balance to reduce headaches, detoxify, and promote heart health. Whereas Recoop Balance is designed to balance the effects of stimulants so you can stay focused and productive throughout the day, Recoop Recovery is designed to deactivate Adderall or other stimulants in your system so you can fall faster into a deep regenerative sleep and wake up feeling more refreshed. Two caplets 30 minutes before bed help your body and your brain repair itself overnight so you are 100-percent ready to take on the next day. Amazingly, some of the key ingredients in Recoop Balance are also found in Recoop Recovery. Turns out a calm mind is good for work and relaxation. Vitamin C for Cleansing Vitamin C, or L-ascorbic acid, is a water-soluble essential vitamin found in citrus fruits. Well known for its antioxidant properties and immunity benefits, Vitamin C sequesters free radicals in the body, which helps promote blood flow and neurogenesis. Vitamin C is used in Recoop Recovery to trigger the natural elimination of stimulants from the system and provide immune support. Magnesium to Reduce Tolerance Magnesium is an essential mineral that serves as a cofactor in the biochemical reactions performed by enzymes. These include converting food into energy, creating and repairing DNA, and regulating neurotransmitters. Magnesium is used in Recoop Recovery for heart health, neuroprotection, and to reset the body’s neural pathways on a cellular level. NALT to Lift Mood NALT is a form of L-Tyrosine, an amino acid that is used to produce noradrenaline and dopamine. Research shows that taking tyrosine reduces anxiety and improves cognitive function during stressful conditions. NALT is used in Recoop Recovery to boost dopamine levels and reduce anxiety. L-Theanine to Cause Restfulness The calming effects of L-theanine that help you stay focused during the day also help you relax at night, once stimulants are out of your system. L-theanine is used in Recoop Recovery to reduce anxiety, melt away stress, and improve sleep quality. Melatonin to Regular Sleep Rhythms Melatonin is a neurohormone secreted by the pineal gland that tells your brain when it’s time to power down for the night. Light—including the kind emitted from the cell phone that’s almost always a foot away from your face—suppresses melatonin production, interfering with your natural circadian rhythm. Melatonin is therefore used in Recoop Recovery to promote natural sleep patterns by telling your brain it’s time to go to sleep. Recoop Balance and Recoop Recovery were designed to be taken together, and Recoop maintains that this is the best way to combat the side effects of stimulants. However, you don’t have to take them together, and if you’re going to take just one, Recoop recommends the Balance formula. If you’re finding the side effects of Adderall and other stimulants to be almost worse than not taking them in the first place—whether we’re talking about plain old caffeine, or something more powerful—you need to give Recoop a try. So click here to learn more about Recoop. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of scientists claim they've determined a way to figure out if there's life living underground on faraway places, including the Moon and Mars — and that it would be worth having a look by drilling down into the surface. The team, from the Center for Astrophysics at Harvard and the Florida Institute of Technology (FIT), believe that simply analyzing if there's water on the surface isn't enough to determine if there's life on another world. Instead, we'll have to go deep. "We examined whether conditions amenable to life could exist deep underneath the surface of rocky objects like the Moon or Mars at some point in their histories and how scientists might go about searching for traces of past subsurface life on these objects," Manasvi Lingam, assistant professor of astrobiology at FIT and lead author of the paper published in The Astrophysical Journal Letters on Monday, said in a statement. "We know that these searches will be technically challenging, but not impossible," he added. "Surface water requires an atmosphere to maintain a finite pressure, without which liquid water cannot exist," Lingam argued. "However, when one moves to deeper regions, the upper layers exert pressure and thus permit the existence of liquid water in principle." To make his point, Lingam pointed out that Mars may not have any large bodies of water on its surface — but scientists have yet to rule out the existence of subsurface lakes. Life, they say, could be thriving in subsurface regions. "Both the Moon and Mars lack an atmosphere that would allow liquid water to exist on their surfaces, but the warmer and pressurized regions under the surface could allow the chemistry of life in liquid water," co-lead Avi Loeb, from the Center for Astrophysics at Harvard, said in the statement. Even if we were to find life in these subsurface areas, it wouldn't be a thriving metropolis of organic matter. It'd only account for "a few percent that of Earth's subsurface biosphere," according to Loeb. Yet, despite the extremely cold conditions, "extremophilic organisms" could be capable of growing. Lingam proposes that one way to verify if life exists buried under a thick layer of rock would be to drill down near the equator of Mars or the Moon to look for higher temperatures surrounding geological hotspots. "We need to be able to drill tens of kilometers under the surface of Mars, and without geological activity exposing these deep layers, we will not be able to explore them," Lingam argued. In fact, Loeb is confident that it'd be possible to drill down into the Moon within the next decade or so. "Drilling might be possible in the context of the Artemis program to establish a sustainable base on the Moon by 2024," Loeb said. "One can imagine robots and heavy machinery that will drill deep under the lunar surface in search of life, just as we do in searching for oil on Earth." READ MORE: Could life exist deep underground on Mars? [Harvard-Smithsonian center for Astrophysics] More on life on Mars: Former NASA Scientist “Convinced” We Already Found Life on Mars Share This Article 
Everyone knows that STEM education is important. And, in theory, educational toys are a great way to introduce a lot of fundamental math and science concepts. But in reality, a lot of them just end up sitting on the shelf collecting dust because they do not capture kids’ interest. However, captivating educational toys do exist, and one of them is this amazing Edible Chemistry Kit from Fat Brain Toys that has fun science experiments you can eat. Chemistry sets have been around for a long time. Chances are you had one when you were a kid. However, like everything else from your childhood, the chemistry sets they make today are way cooler than anything you ever had. For example, when you were a kid, your parents probably told you not to eat any of the stuff you cooked up with your science experiments “because you might die.” But kids today need no such warning thanks to the Edible Chemistry Kit. As its name suggests, kids are supposed to eat their experiments. The Edible Chemistry Kit is specifically designed to foster a love of science and instill important habits like following directions, measuring, problem-solving, and formulating hypotheses. Using easy-to-follow instructions, kids between the ages of 8 and 12 can work independently to create things like color-changing foaming jelly, polymer pudding, and fizzing drinks. However, you can also do the experiments as a family and, with a little guidance, easily involve kids under the age of 8. Whereas experiments you might find on education blogs or YouTube channels require you to buy all sorts of supplies and ingredients you will probably never use again, the Edible Chemistry set comes with everything you need to perform 16 fun experiments you can actually eat and drink. That includes magic color crystals, calcium acetate, citric acid, sodium alginate, sodium bicarbonate, cups, stirrers, plastic bags, pipet, and an instruction book. The only additional things you will need are water and, for one experiment, some cabbage. All ingredients in the Edible Chemistry Kit are food grade and non-toxic when used properly. However, it is important to note that this is not a candy making kit. While the experiments are designed to be tasted, and the “magic color crystals” do contain some sugar, they are not intended to be delicious. The idea here is to experience the basic principles of chemistry in a fun new way, using the senses to explore and discover. So what do kids say about the Edible Chemistry Kit? Well, according to the reviews, the vast majority of them absolutely love it. And at less than $20, it provides an absolutely incredible value, because it comes with enough ingredients to perform some of the experiments multiple times. So whether you’re looking for something to spice up your kids’ remote learning experience, or you just want a fun and unique way to get kids—or adults—engaged in science, the Edible Chemistry Kit from Fat Brain Toys is an excellent place to start. However, like a lot of educational toys, they are kind of hard to keep in stock. So order your Edible Chemistry Kit today before they’re all sold out. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Picture frames that display digital photographs rather than physical prints aren't exactly new. But due to social distancing and increased isolation, the ability to view digital images of friends and loved ones has taken on a whole new meaning. And when it comes to choosing the right digital frame, the Skylight Frame should be at the top of your list. The Skylight Frame is a sleek and elegant picture frame. It's also a high definition, 10-inch touchscreen that can display any photos you wish with picture-perfect clarity. Its size makes it big enough to display photos the way you want, but small enough to fit in pretty much any desk, coffee table, kitchen counter, or anywhere else you want to display your most cherished visual memories. And it can hold more than 8,000 images locally without the need for cloud storage. One of the best features of the Skylight Frame is the extremely simple process for transferring photos. Gone are the days of having to use a cord. Simply email photos to the Skylight from your computer or phone, the same way you would send photos to another person. In fact, if you give the Skylight Frame to a loved one as a gift, you can update photos to their frame via email any time. As verified reviewer Amanda H notes in her satisfied product review: “We got this for my grandma for her birthday and she loves it. I love how easy it is to send pictures to. This way she will never miss anything.” The Skylight Frame comes with a free basic plan that lets you email photos to the frame for easy display. But with a Skylight Plus subscription, you can unlock the full power of everything Skylight can do. For $39 per year, you’ll get the ability to send not just photos, but also videos to your frame (or multiple frames) all over the world. You can also add custom captions to your photos, and manage everything with the Mobile App and Cloud Portal, which also offers reliable cloud backup and online access for your content and extra sharing features like bulk deletes and uploads. You’ll probably want to give the Skylight Frame a try on the free basic plan before upgrading to Skylight Plus, which you can do easily whenever you choose. And if for some reason you’re not satisfied with your frame, Skylight has a 100-percent satisfaction guaranteed policy that will allow you to return it for a full refund -- not that that’s particularly likely to happen unless you’re just a phenomenally bad photographer. Believe it or not, the holidays will be here very soon, and it makes an ideal gift for any older relatives or loved ones feeling the social distancing crunch. So head over to the Skylight online store and order a Skylight Frame, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In April 2019, a team of scientists showed off a world's first: an image of a black hole in spectacular detail, taken using a massive telescope array spread out across the globe known as the Event Horizon Telescope. Almost a year and a half later, we get to see something even more glorious: an animation made up of multiple images of the black hole, transforming the static circular blob of yellow-orange light into a "wobbling" ring. Breaking: After its historic 2019 image of M87*, the @ehtelescope has dug into its vault of old data and reconstructed (with some guesswork) what the supermassive black hole would have looked like in previous years. It wobbles!https://t.co/Zf2eM7Vfwp pic.twitter.com/vGMAxzHelN — Davide Castelvecchi (@dcastelvecchi) September 23, 2020  The images are of the supermassive black hole at the center of the M87 galaxy, about 55 million light years away. The black hole itself is so big that it's mass is about 6.5 billion times that of the Sun. The researchers created the original image last year by combining radio-frequency signals collected over two nights in April 2017. But to the team, that wasn't enough to see how it changed and evolved over time. To create the new animation, the EHT team looked back at previously collected data from 2009, 2011, 2012, and 2013. "To a degree, they were forgotten, because everyone was super excited about the 2017 data," Maciek Wielgus, radio astronomer at Harvard University in Cambridge and lead author of the paper published in The Astrophysical Journal today, told Nature. Despite the new images relying at least partially on the scientists' best guesses as to how black holes behave, the animation could help astronomers figure out how intense gravitational forces suck up matter and light around them. The team noticed that one side of the ring clearly was brighter than the other. That's at least in part due to the Doppler effect: the side that's facing the observer travels relatively faster, boosting the radiation emitted. "Because the flow of matter falling onto a black hole is turbulent, we can see that the ring wobbles with time," Wielgus told Nature. Since the 2009-2013 data didn't have a high enough resolution, the team had to generate the rest synthetically using the mathematical model used to create the 2017 image. It's all thanks to the EHT array's incredible sensitivity. "With the incredible angular resolution of the Event Horizon Telescope, we could observe a billiard game being played on the Moon and not lose track of the score!" Wilegus said in a University of Chicago statement. "When we first measured the size of M87 in 2009, we couldn't have foreseen that it would give us the first glimpse of black hole dynamics," Shep Doeleman, the founding director of EHT, said in a statement. "If you want to see a black hole evolve over a decade, there is no substitute for having a decade of data," he added. READ MORE: The first-ever image of a black hole is now a movie [Nature] More on M87*: We May Be Able to Extract “Movies” of the Universe From Black Holes Share This Article 
By digging through detailed infrared images of Saturn's icy moon Enceladus — courtesy of NASA's Cassini spacecraft, which met its demise back in 2017 after 13 years of Saturn exploration — NASA scientists say they've found "strong evidence" of fresh ice in the moon's northern hemisphere. The ice, thought to have originated and resurfaced from Enceladus' interior, could be good news for the prospect of life on Enceladus, which is considered by many scientists to be one of the most promising places to look for life in the solar system. The dataset, the most detailed global infrared views ever produced of the moon according to the agency, was created using data collected by Cassini's Visible and Infrared Mapping Spectrometer (VIMS). It includes scans of variable wavelengths, including visible light and infrared. In 2005, scientists first made the discovery that Enceladus shoots giant plumes of ice grains and vapor from a suspected subsurface ocean hiding underneath a thick crust of ice. The new infrared signals perfectly match the location of this activity, made highly visible in the form of neon red "tiger stripe" gashes on the moon's south pole. Similar features have also been spotted in the northern hemisphere as well, leading scientists to believe that the same process is happening on both hemispheres. "The infrared shows us that the surface of the south pole is young, which is not a surprise because we knew about the jets that blast icy material there," Gabriel Tobie, VIMS scientist at the University of Nantes, France and co-author of a new paper about the findings published in the journal Icarus, said in a NASA statement. "Now, thanks to these infrared eyes, you can go back in time and say that one large region in the northern hemisphere appears also young and was probably active not that long ago, in geologic timelines," he added. In October 2019, a team of researchers from the Free University of Berlin found traces of organic compounds in the moon's icy plumes that appear to be the building blocks of amino acids, the precursors of Earth-based lifeforms. READ MORE: Infrared Eyes on Enceladus: Hints of Fresh Ice in Northern Hemisphere [NASA] More on Enceladus: Scientists Find Building Blocks of Life on Saturn's Icy Moon Share This Article 
In 2016, Telsa competitor Nikola Motors unveiled the Nikola One, an electric semi truck. On stage, founder Trevor Milton made it sound like a fully-fledged vehicle ready to hit the highways of America. "This thing fully functions and works, which is really incredible," he told the audience at the company's unveiling — a major foot-in-mouth moment, in retrospect. Two years later, the company showed off its progress in a video showing the massive truck gliding down a picturesque desert road. "Behold, the 1,000 HP, zero-emission Nikola One semi-truck in motion," the video's caption read. But that might have been an enormous exaggeration, according to short selling investment firm Hindenburg Research. In an Earth-shattering report released this month, the company claimed that "Nikola is an intricate fraud built on dozens of lies over the course of its Founder and Executive Chairman Trevor Milton’s career." As a quick refresher, short selling is the act of borrowing securities and selling them on the open market, with the intent of buying them back later for less money. In other words, short sellers bet against companies and profit from any drops in price. Milton isn't the only electric car company CEO who has had to deal with short sellers. Tesla CEO Elon Musk has a long history of battling it out with them. But in the case of Nikola, the short sellers may have uncovered some genuine issues. Attached to the report, the company says, were "phone calls, text messages, private emails and behind-the-scenes photographs — detailing dozens of false statements by Nikola Founder Trevor Milton." In the report, a 2017 text message conversation with an unnamed Nikola employee showed that the truck revealed in the video was not at all functional, as Ars Technica noticed. According the report, the truck was simply rolling down a hill, with the camera tilted to the side to make it look like it was propelling itself down the desert highway. Bloomberg reported in June that the vehicle in the video had no gears, motors or hydrogen fuel cell. "There wasn’t a fuel cell in the truck," Milton told Bloomberg at the time. "We never claimed there was." Early this morning, Nikola Motors went into full damage control mode, likely an attempt to calm fuming investors. In a detailed press release, the company claimed that the gearbox, batteries, inverters, as well as other systems including brakes and suspension were "all functional." Therefore "these allegations by the short seller are false and misleading, and designed to manipulate the market to profit from a manufactured decline in Nikola's stock price." Its spin of the truck rolling down a hill is especially strange. "Nikola never stated its truck was driving under its own propulsion in the video, although the truck was designed to do just that," it read. The company is planning to test a "pre-production Nikola Two, a hydrogen-electric powered semi-truck for the medium and long-haul trucking sectors," next year, according to the statement. The bizarre events could help explain why Nikola ended up striking up a deal with General Motors last week. GM will be the exclusive source of hydrogen fuel cells for the company's Class 7 and 8 semi trucks around the world except for Europe, according to Ars. READ MORE: Nikola admits prototype was rolling downhill in promotional video [Ars Technica] More on Nikola: General Motors Is Teaming Up With Tesla Competitor Nikola Share This Article 
HTML and CSS are powerful tools. Yet building a site from scratch can be a time-consuming chore, even for an experienced web developer. And as demand for web developers rises through the next decade, small businesses, entrepreneurs, and the committee at work charged with building their department's web page are going to need all the help they can get. Flux 7, with a lifetime subscription currently 50%off, is designed to provide that help, whether you're a web development professional looking to turn around assignments more efficiently, or new to web design and in need of all the help you can get. Here's how it works, and why it's a handy tool anyone with an Intel Mac should have in their tray. If you're new to HTML, you know that what you see is, too often, not what you get, especially if you forget to close your tags. Flux makes it easier with a What You See Is What You Get (WYSIWYG) engine. Flux turns web design into a drag-and-drop endeavor. Browse through the template library and pick out what works best for your project. Then pull in the files you need, size them with the handles, and you're done. You can even edit some CSS properties without delving directly into the code. It's ideal for landing pages and other content you need to develop and publish quickly, or if you need a site that's easy to run with a minimum of fuss. As you get more comfortable with coding, Flux helps out with Code Context. You can click any tag, on any page, and it will show you everything the tag does, its function, and how to use it. You can even edit properties by holding down the Command key, and Flux will read the context and roll out a pop-up, letting you change the color, font size, and other edits in a snap. Whether you're learning to code, or just need to turn around a quick edit yesterday, it's a handy tool.  If you're more experienced with web design and need to diagnose a problem, fine-tune a complicated feature, or want to view your project come together in real-time, Flux has an enhanced code editor that breaks the site down into its components, complete with code, that makes it easy to move around the page and see where everything is located. Whenever you want, you can hop into the code directly and edit it, or you can use Code Context to make quick revisions and updates. This reduces turnaround on project times, and makes visualization for clients a snap; just share your screen and edit the code, and they can see the changes in real-time. Best of all, while Flux can handle HTML 5 and CSS 3 with ease, it's also fully backward compatible with previous versions of HTML. It's ideal for jobs where you have multiple legacy pages to maintain, or need to take apart a site to see how to update it to HTML 5. Nor will you have to work with a copy, as FTP and SFTP support lets you edit on your server copy. As the internet becomes more central to our lives, web design will be key to almost every job. Whether you want to make web design your career, want to expand your coding background, or just want to keep your small business website fresh with ease, at $49, a lifetime subscription to Flux 7 will make it a snap. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Tom Cruise is officially in an international race to become the first movie star to shoot footage in space. According to a statement by Russian space agency Roscosmos, Russia wants to become the first country in the world to make a movie in space. Yellow, Black and White studio, one of the largest production studios in Russia, is behind the efforts, according to the news. "The plot will include a flight to the International Space Station (ISS) scheduled for autumn 2021 on the Russian Soyuz MS crewed spacecraft," reads the statement. "The protagonist to fly to the ISS, as well as his backup will be selected during an open contest." Most of the logistics surrounding the film are still being discussed, including the name of the movie, cast, the plot itself, and how exactly they will film a movie in space. Roscosmos doesn't beat around the bush when it comes to the purpose of the film. "The movie is aimed to popularize Russia’s space activities, as well as glorify cosmonaut profession," reads the statement. The news comes after Hollywood A-lister Tom Cruise reportedly partnered with SpaceX to film an action movie in space. "NASA is excited to work with Tom Cruise on a film aboard the Space Station," NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine tweeted following the report in May. "Should be a lot of fun!" SpaceX CEO Elon Musk retorted. READ MORE: Roscosmos, Channel One Russia and Yellow, Black and White studio to shoot first movie in space [Roscosmos] More on movies in space: Tom Cruise Partners With SpaceX to Film Movie in Space Share This Article 
Artificial intelligence and deep learning are drawing patterns out of the seeming noise in big data, and it's changing our world in broad and subtle ways: Finding practical uses for holograms, developing new tools for first responders, and even writing our creepy campfire stories for us. AI and deep learning are becoming an indispensable skill for IT professionals, academics, and anyone who handles large data sets or needs to use heavy processing power to solve problems. The Deep Learning & Data Analysis Certification Bundle, currently at 97% off, has all the tools you need to begin teaching computers how to dig into datasets, whether you're completely new to the field or looking to sharpen your skills. If you're completely new to AI and deep learning, "Business Data Visualization, Analytics & Reporting with Google Data Studio" lays out how to use Google's free tool for taking large amounts of data and turning it into easy-to-read visualizations, from simple charts and graphs to more complex designs. You'll learn how computers handle these tasks, how to think about data visually and ground yourself in the basics of statistics. If you've got a background in Python and general computer science, you can leverage it to begin deep learning work right away. "Image Processing & Analysis Bootcamp with OpenCV and Deep Learning in Python" gets you started by looking at a common task for Python; sorting, classifying, and analyzing large databases of images. Instagram is built on Python for a reason, after all. "Keras Bootcamp For Deep Learning & AI in Python" goes through Keras, one of the most popular deep learning Python frameworks. Keras was built by Google to perform the hard data science work that drives the company, and it's served as the basis for countless deep learning projects since. "Master PyTorch For Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) & Deep Learning" wraps up the Python end of things with PyTorch, developed by Facebook's AI research team. PyTorch pairs the Torch open-source machine learning library with the Python interface, easing you into the more complex aspects of building and guiding neural networks. It'll also set the stage for the real powerhouse in deep learning and AI, the R language.  The R programming language is the gold standard in statistical computing and visualization, built from the ground up to tackle vast repositories of information and make sense of them. "Statistics & Machine Learning For Regression Modelling With R" will show you how R models statistical analysis through regressions, one of the core tools of all deep learning programs. "Data Analysis Masterclass With Statistics & Machine Learning In R" will then broaden it out to more statistical tools so you can get a full sense of how R handles data and the breadth of what you can do with it. "Complete Artificial Neural Networks & Deep Learning In R" will then show you how to automate these statistical tools and create the deep learning you need, looking at how several data science packages work via R and discussing the underlying concepts. "Harness the Power of the H2O Framework For Machine Learning in R" will look at H20 and how it functions, setting the stage for you to probe the patterns hidden in data on your own. As the amount of data we collect and work with expands, managing it will be one of the fundamental day-to-day challenges of any career. For $39.99, the Deep Learning & Data Analysis Certification Bundle will help you stay on top of a changing industry, and pull back the curtain on how data is being used to change the world. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Every air conditioner figures out how cold to make a home the same way: It takes the temperature with a thermostat, and if it's higher than what you've set as a temperature threshold, it turns on. Yet the thermostat can only measure the temperature either outside or in that exact room. A wide range of factors, including airflow in your home, sun exposure in different rooms, how many people are home, and of course the overall weather adds up to wildly different temperatures from room to room, so your air conditioner isn't getting the full picture. That's expensive for both us and the planet. The Sensibo SKY Smart AC Controller, with over 1200 5 star reviews on Amazon, and its upgraded big brother, the Sensibo Air + Room Sensor, the changes all that. It feeds your air conditioner an enormous range of useful data that makes any AC with a remote control a much smarter unit. The Sensibo replaces the air conditioner's remote control with its own unit. In the Sensibo itself are an infrared blaster to send commands to your window unit, a Wi-Fi unit, and a thermostat. The Room + Air adds Bluetooth to the mix as well. By locating a thermostat more deeply inside your home, the Sensibo communicates a truer picture of your house's environment. Many homes, especially older ones, are constructed to be naturally cooler than the outdoors, yet most air conditioner thermostats measure the outside temperature. The Sensibo helps it split the difference, and the Room + Air adds a second set of sensors for a fuller picture of your home's climate. Secondly, the Wi-Fi unit connects your AC to the Sensibo app, replaces your AC's remote control. So now, you've not only got an easier to use remote control, your AC is connected to the internet, and you can control it from anywhere. Upgrading to the Room + Air adds a motion sensor, so room units will only turn on when people are in the room.  Sure, controlling your AC from anywhere is neat on its own. However, it opens the door to a bunch of useful ways to keep your home cooler while keeping your power bill down, and giving you more control over your unit. Sweetening the deal is that it works with Alexa, Siri, and Google Assistant, so you can incorporate your air conditioner into your daily routine. And at just $99, it's the perfect way to smarten up your AC. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's like a massive game of "Asteroids." NASA's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft spotted some strangely light-colored rocks on the surface of asteroid Bennu — and after some investigating, scientists have figured out where they're most likely from: an entirely different and much larger asteroid. Since December 2018, the tiny spacecraft has been getting a close look at Bennu, a near-Earth asteroid just short of 500 meters across. In October, Osiris-Rex will attempt to plunge towards the asteroid's surface to collect a sample. But during their investigations analyzing a wealth of surface scans, the OSIRIS-REx team found itself puzzled by the strange rocks. "We found six boulders ranging in size from 5 to 14 feet (about 1.5 to 4.3 meters) scattered across Bennu’s southern hemisphere and near the equator," Daniella DellaGiustina of the Lunar & Planetary Laboratory, University of Arizona, Tucson, and primary author of the paper published today in Nature Astronomy, said in a NASA statement. "These boulders are much brighter than the rest of Bennu and match material from Vesta," DellaGiustina said. In fact, according to scans by OSIRIS-REx's camera suite, the rocks appeared to be ten times brighter than their surroundings. Vesta, first discovered over 200 years ago by German astronomer Heinrich Wilhelm Matthias Olbers, is one of the largest objects in the asteroid belt, measuring over 500 kilometers from end to end. Scientists predict it accounts for about nine percent of the mass of the entire asteroid belt. By analyzing spectrometer readings from OSIRIS, the team found that the light rocks were likely made out of the mineral pyroxene, exactly the kind of material that had been spotted on Vesta and its smaller fragments — known as vestoids — that were shaken loose when Vesta was bombarded by smaller asteroids. The team concluded it was unlikely the bright rocks formed on Bennu itself, because pyroxene forms at extremely high temperatures. Bennu's rocks, which contain mostly water-bearing minerals, wouldn't have experienced those kind of temperatures. A powerful impact also couldn't have resulted in those temperatures, either. In fact, such an impact would've ended up breaking up Bennu. It wouldn't be the first time astronomers have spotted bits of one asteroid on the surface of another. For instance, the Japanese space agency's Hayabusa 2 spacecraft spotted darker material from an "S-type" asteroid on the much darker "C-type" asteroid Ryugu in 2018. Thanks to the discovery, scientists could glean details about Bennu's trajectory — the way the rock's orbit is affected by factors including gravitational forces from nearby planets and tiny asteroid impacts. "Future studies of asteroid families, as well as the origin of Bennu, must reconcile the presence of Vesta-like material as well as the apparent lack of other asteroid types," Dante Lauretta, OSIRIS-REx principal investigator at the University of Arizona in Tucson, said in the statement. If everything goes according to plan, OSIRIS-REx will make its first sample taking attempt in October and drag it all the way back to Earth in 2023. "We look forward to the returned sample, which hopefully contains pieces of these intriguing rock types," Lauretta added. READ MORE: NASA’s OSIRIS-REx to Asteroid Bennu: “You’ve got a little Vesta on you…” [NASA] More on OSIRIS-REx: NASA Probe Exploring Asteroid Accidentally Snaps Black Hole Image Share This Article 
While it wasn't busy commanding a mole to dig through the Martian topsoil, German Aerospace Center (DLR) has come with a futuristic vehicle concept unlike anything we've seen before. Its U-shift vehicle concept is designed to transform itself into anything from a cargo pod, an on-call bus, or even a mobile sales vehicle. It does so by switching out capsule-like structures attached to the top, reminiscent of a scaled down semi truck. The outrageous concept lies extremely low to the ground, as there's no need for a driver's seat — the system is designed to drive entirely by itself. DLR claims the capsules would be cheaper than other specialty-use vehicles — since they don't require building an entirely new drivetrain every time — and can serve a whole host of different purposes. The concept's cargo capsule alone has enough space for four pallets or eight rolling cabinets, according to the center. The passenger pod is big enough to seat seven, plus an extra folding seat. While it's designed to become fully autonomous, the futuristic prototype, as it exists right now, is remote-controlled by a nearby driver. Once autonomous, it's designed to make deliveries or transport passengers around the clock. DLR is now focused on beefing up the concept's drivetrain, install networking hardware, and make other improvements including a new battery system. READ MORE: The first pro­to­type of the fu­tur­is­tic U-Shift ve­hi­cle con­cept makes its de­but [DLR] More on modular vehicles: Startup Thinks Its Modular Car Design Is the Future of EVs Share This Article 
NASA has built a brand new system that could make landing on Moon and Mars a whole lot less risky — and it already has plans to test it out on an upcoming mission. The agency's Safe and Precise Landing Integrated Capabilities Evolution (SPLICE) project aims to improve landing safety by combining a suite of laser sensors, a camera, a high-speed computer, and some sophisticated algorithms — all of which, it says, is capable of foregoing the need for a human pilot. "What we’re building is a complete descent and landing system that will work for future Artemis missions to the Moon and can be adapted for Mars," project manager Ron Sostaric said in a NASA statement. "Our job is to put the individual components together and make sure that it works as a functioning system." The system could allow for landers to touch down on a much wider variety of sites, including near boulders or craters. It can also identify safe target areas that are only half the size of a football field. To put that into perspective, the landing area for Apollo 11 in 1968 was about 11 by three miles. SPLICE works by first comparing scans of the surface below with a database of known landmarks, to figure out where it is. Three to four miles above the surface, a three-beamed laser attempts to identify the safest landing site. NASA hopes the system will enable the first woman to land on the Moon as early as 2024 as part of its Artemis program. The agency plans to first test the system out during a flight on a Blue Origin New Shepard rocket during an upcoming mission. When that mission is taking place is unclear. Rather than looking for a safe place to land on the Moon during these tests, SPLICE will look for suitable terrain to land the New Shepard rocket on Earth instead. NASA still has plenty of work to do to realize its system. "Safely and precisely landing on another world still has many challenges," John Carson, the technical integration manager for precision landing, said in the statement. "There’s no commercial technology yet that you can go out and buy for this," he added. "Every future surface mission could use this precision landing capability, so NASA's meeting that need now." READ MORE: NASA to test precision automated landing system designed for the Moon and Mars on upcoming Blue Origin mission [TechCrunch] More on Artemis: NASA's Moon-Bound Orion Spacecraft is Officially Fit for Flight Share This Article 
A Ford executive just threw some serious shade at the automaker's competition. During a media briefing this Wednesday, Ford's president of the Americas and international markets Kumar Galhotra said that Ford's upcoming all-electric F-150 pickup truck will be a "real" work truck" — not a "lifestyle" truck like Tesla's upcoming Cybertruck or GMC's Hummer EV, Teslarati reports. "While all other electric pickups are competing for lifestyle customers, the all-electric F-150 is designed and engineered for hard-working customers that need a truck to do a job," Galhotra noted, as quoted by CNBC. Ford's F-Series trucks have been the United States' bestselling pickups for over 40 years. In 2019 alone, Ford sold almost 900,000 of them. The F-150's electric variant is due to roll off the lot in mid-2022, cutting maintenance costs by half compared to its gas-guzzling cousins, according to Galhotra. The electric pickup market is heating up. Tesla is planning to deliver the first Cybertrucks in late 2021. General Motors is hoping to be cranking out its recently announced electric Hummer pickup and SUV around the same time. As to who has the more powerful and capable truck, that's still unclear. Tesla's Cybertruck famously took on a $30,000 Ford F-150 in a tug of war in November 2019. The same day, Sunny Madra, VP of Ford X, the U.S. automotive giant’s ventures incubator, called it an unfair fight, challenging Tesla to an "apples-to-apples test." READ MORE: Ford throws shade at Tesla and GM, says F-150 EV will be a ‘real’ work truck [Teslarati] More on the beef: Ford VP Calls Out Tesla for Unfair Cybertruck vs. F-150 Battle Share This Article 
By the end of 2020, we'll have bought 240 million pairs of earbuds. Ever since Apple introduced the AirPods, the market has been flooded with options as people find the discreet design and battery case mean more music in your ears and fewer distractions on your calls. EarFun staked out a place in the market early, and the EarFun Air has cemented it. They arrived on the market with both a CES 2020 Innovation Award and iF Design Award 2020. CES, in its award notes, praised the EarFun Air's "super long standby time of over 4000 hours as well as its perfect ergonomic design", something the iF committee echoed praising the "seamless ergonomic fit...engineered for all-day wearing." They've been getting rave reviews from a host of other critics, particularly PC Mag, which summed up their review with The waterproof EarFun Air delivers powerful audio performance for a sweet sub-$100 price However, there's more to these headphones than just a good fit. Here's a breakdown of what they offer and how it stands out. Touchpad Controls; Any earbud user knows the pain of bad controls. Whether you have to fiddle with the settings to make the double-tap do precisely what you want, or struggle to remember which side has which buttons to awkwardly poke at, it's clear that controls are a work in progress for much of the headphone industry. The EarFun Air is built with touchpad technology on both of the earbuds. Regardless of which side, all the controls work the same, and you adjust the volume by leaving your finger on the right ear to turn it up or left to turn it down. Need to use Siri or Google Assistant? Triple-tap on either earbud.  In-Ear Detection: Most earbuds mute playback when you take one out of your ear, yet they'll do the same regardless of what you're listening to, annoying if it's a call. The EarFun allows you to listen to calls with just the earbud of your choice. And thanks to those touchpad controls, you won't have to scramble to find the other one to turn down the volume. IPx7 Water Resistance: Many pairs of earbuds die when a bead of sweat makes its way to just the wrong place, and the EarFun is built to prevent that. IP stands for "Ingress Protection," in other words, waterproofing, created by the International Electrotechnical Commission. If something's rated IPx7, that means you can leave it under three feet of water for half an hour, and no water will have gotten into any important components. EarFun also has a proprietary technology, SweatShield, which hermetically seals the internal electronics so no matter how intense your workout, you won't hear that dreaded short noise. 4-Microphone Array: As we take more important calls while we're on the go, noise cancellation is becoming standard. The EarFun Air uses a four-mic array to spot and cancel out sounds so you can hear what's being said and respond without including the audio around you. Wireless Charging: As a final handy touch, the Earfun Air's case is designed to fit how you charge your gear, compatible with both wireless charging pads and with USB-C cables. With a 7-hour average life on one charge and four charges from the case, you'll have up to 35 hours of listening time. As we leave wires behind, and become more mobile, having the right earbuds is going to make life much easier. And at $55, The EarFun Air ensures you'll always have a pair handy and ready to go. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On March 18, 2018 at around 10pm, one of Uber's self-driving Volvo SUVs was involved in a deadly crash in Tempe, Arizona, killing 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, who was walking her bicycle across the road. The car wasn't entirely unsupervised — a human "safety driver" was behind the wheel during the fatal crash. The grisly incident became a major turning point in the development of self-driving cars, with Uber shutting down its entire operations in Arizona following the crash for the next nine months. The accident also raised some important questions: who was to blame for the crash, Uber or the driver? This week, more than two years after the crash, local authorities have charge the safety driver, 46-year-old Uber employee Rafaela Vasquez, with one count of negligent homicide, CNET reports. Negligent homicide is a Class 4 felony, Arizona Central reports, which could land Vasquez in prison for four to eight years if convicted. In November, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) ruled that Vasquez failed to pay sufficient attention to the road, as she was reportedly busy looking at her cell phone. But board said that she wasn't the only one to blame — Uber's "inadequate safety culture" was also partially at fault. Dashcam footage of the interior of the self-driving car showed Vasquez spending about a third of the trip looking down at the SUV's center console, where she had placed her cellphone, as NPR reports. "Distracted driving is an issue of great importance in our community," County Attorney Allister Adel said in a Tuesday statement by the Maricopa County Attorney's Office (MCAO). "When a driver gets behind the wheel of a car, they have a responsibility to control and operate that vehicle safely and in a law-abiding manner." Vasquez's employer, meanwhile, appears to have gotten away scot free. According to a March 2019 MCAO statement, prosecutors found "no basis for criminal liability" for Uber, setting a precedent for future litigation involving autonomous vehicles. Uber's software seemingly wouldn't have been ready to avoid the crash. According to hundreds of pages of documents released by the NTSB in November 2019, Uber’s software at the time didn’t even know people could exist outside of crosswalks, let alone what it should if it encountered a jaywalker. The NTSB report also found that "had the vehicle operator been attentive, she would likely have had sufficient time to detect and react to the crossing pedestrian to avoid the crash or mitigate the impact." Since the crash, Uber has started to mandate that each car will require two safety drivers, with an imposed driving time limit of four hours. The company also published a voluntary safety self-assessment in 2018, as CNET reports. On Tuesday, during her arraignment in court, Vasquez pled not guilty. According to the Associated Press, her trial is set for February 21. Uber has yet to comment on the charges. READ MORE: Uber's self-driving car 'safety driver' charged in fatal 2018 crash [CNET] More on the crash: Self-Driving Uber That Killed Woman Didn't Know Jaywalkers Existed Share This Article 
According to new research, dark matter may be an even bigger mystery than previously believed. The stuff is thought to make up a significant percentage of the mass of the universe — yet it's near impossible to study, let alone observe. Physicists have had to resort to studying the way dark matter bends light between distant sources such as a galaxy and the observer, an effect called "gravitational lensing." The higher the concentration of dark matter, the more pronounced the effect. But when a team of European researchers looked at data from the Hubble Space Telescope and the Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope, they found that the gravitational lensing effect around massive structures called "galaxy clusters" was ten times as strong as predicted by simulations. "We have done a lot of testing of the data in this study, and we are sure that this mismatch indicates that some physical ingredient is missing either from the simulations or from our understanding of the nature of dark matter," said Massimo Meneghetti, of the INAF-Observatory of Astrophysics and Space Science of Bologna in Italy and lead author of a paper about the research published today in the journal Science, in an ESA statement. In other words — we're missing a key ingredient. "One possible origin for this discrepancy is that we may be missing some key physics in the simulations," Meneghetti said in a NASA statement. To conduct their research, Meneghetti's team produced a "dark-matter map" using observations from of a sample of three massive galaxy clusters. They discovered something unexpected: smaller-scale images nested within larger lens distortions in each galaxy cluster's core. In other words, the gravitational lensing effect was significant, leading them to believe they had stumbled upon dense concentrations of dark matter. The discrepancy highlights just how little we know about the mysterious stuff that appears to make up most of the known universe. READ MORE: Dark matter might be even stranger than we thought, according to Hubble [Digital Trends] More on dark matter: Astronomers Discover Deep-Space “Structure,” 1.4 Billion Light Years Across Share This Article 
For college students studying science, doing labwork as part of their classes is a vital way to learn research skills and better understand concepts from lectures. That presents a challenge for schools that are operating remotely during the coronavirus pandemic — so some biology programs are mailing brains, eyeballs, and even entire fetal pigs to their students so they can dissect them at home. At Lafayette College, neuroscience students enrolled in a physiology course recently received packages in the mail that contained preserved sheep brains, which are commonly chosen by schools due to their close resemblance to human brains. Then, neuroscientist and psychologist Luis Schettino — who, in the interest of transparency, was one of my professors when I attended Lafayette — guided his students over a video call as they dissected the brains. "To be honest, there is no substitute for having the students be all within the lab where we can communicate more directly and I can be sure I am showing them the location of the [brain] structures in person rather than through video," Schettino told Futurism. "What I mean is that this is, of course, a second-best solution." Schettino stressed that the neuroscience department goes to great lengths to make sure students can do their labwork safely. For instance, everything in the package is non-toxic, and he instructs students on proper safety measures like wearing protective equipment and properly handling tools. Lafayette College isn't the only school mailing animal parts to students. Stanford Medical School, for example, mailed sheep brains and pig hearts to students in its clinical summer internship program. And at the University of Arizona, sophomore physiology and medical sciences student Julie Taraborrelli expected to see a scalpel, scissors, and the other usual dissection tools when she opened her package, she told BuzzFeed News. Instead, she was surprised to unpack a fetal pig, cow's eye, and sheep's brain. She made an unboxing video of the whole kit — and shared it to TikTok, where it went viral. "We didn't really know what was [going to be] in the box," Taraborrelli told the CBC. "I just didn't expect anything like that. I would have never expected them to ship us, through the mail, real animal parts." READ MORE: This Student Was Shipped A Whole Fetal Pig Because 2020 Is The Weirdest School Year Ever [BuzzFeed News] More on higher education: The Mental Healthcare Crisis Coming to American Universities Share This Article 
As if a pandemic of unprecedented proportions wasn't enough, major wildfires are now blanketing the West Coast — and turning the skies an apocalyptic shade of orange. Certain parts of the Bay Area, near San Francisco, are even seeing ash snowing down from the gloomy skies. San Francisco 09.09.20 pic.twitter.com/QdqUtKiqOT — Zneha (@mithrilmaker) September 9, 2020  The sun isn't expected to make an appearance for several days, according to meteorologists. Health officials are instructing residents to stay inside, and avoid outdoor activity, with air conditioners on and windows and doors closed. Oregon governor Kate Brown declared a statewide emergency on Tuesday, with thousands of Oregonians being evacuated from their homes due to declining conditions. "We do not have context for this amount of fire on the landscape," Doug Grafe, chief of fire protection at the Oregon Department of Forestry, told reporters on Tuesday, as quoted by Oregon Public Broadcasting. Can’t quite capture the orange of the California sky with your smartphone camera? That’s because our photos are all fake now — with colors selected by AI, trained on what we think is pleasing. It decides what’s “real." I once wrote a column on this:https://t.co/vSGQKoz4Ew pic.twitter.com/NyEsESoJtS — Geoffrey A. Fowler (@geoffreyfowler) September 9, 2020  In sum, it's a climate catastrophe that has come home to roost — despite decades of evidence. "We can no longer assume that there will always be a habitable planet for us — because unless we enact major changes now, there won’t be," wrote Los Angeles local Henry Mantel in a letter to the LA Times. Opened the door this morning in SF. Sky in California is really this orange pic.twitter.com/erJB2ENTPY — Carla (@DoctorWC) September 9, 2020  And temperatures keep climbing. Los Angeles recently recorded its highest temperature on record: a blistering 121 degrees in Woodland Hills, a west LA neighborhood. The fires are raging with such a  ferocity, in fact, that they can be easily spotted from space. A single gigantic cloud of dust recorded on September 6 even started obscuring all other scientific readings. 7:30 am in San Francisco. This is the light and the color of the sky. Honestly I am a bit panicked. I thought it's 3am. #SanFrancisco #SanFranciscoSmoke pic.twitter.com/T9sM7JINCi — Roqo (@m_roqo) September 9, 2020  Warm air from fires rising up carrying water vapor with it can create a "thunderhead cloud" — as its name suggests, an apocalyptic clash of fire and lightning, the latter of which can even end up creating new fires, according to NASA. READ MORE: Bay Area sky turns bright orange, some areas see 'snowing' ash [SF Gate] More on climate change: The Majority of Gen Z Thinks Climate Change Is Inevitable Share This Article 
Scientists at the Department of Energy’s SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory are hard at work building the world's largest camera, destined for the Vera C. Rubin Observatory telescope in northern Chile. "The whole camera is about 13 feet from the front lens to the back where we have all our support equipment, and the 5 feet in diameter — so, massive," Aaron Roodman, the scientist in charge of assembling and testing the camera, told NPR. The enormous camera has 189 detectors, which together are able to take 3.2 billion pixel or 3,200 megapixel images. To view just one of them at full resolution, you'd need 378 4K TVs according to an official statement. With that kind of cosmic resolution, you'd be able to see a golf ball from about 15 miles away. And to test it, they decided to stick a Romanesco broccoli inside a dark enclosed box, essentially "a metal box with a tiny pinhole at the top of it, and lights inside the box," as Roodman explained to NPR. "So kind of the opposite of a pinhole camera." Why broccoli? According to Roodman, it was "mostly for fun," and that "we thought it would look cool, which I think it does." SLAC's Steven Kahn, the director of the Rubin Observatory, described the significance of the successful test in a bit more formal way. "This achievement is among the most significant of the entire Rubin Observatory Project," he said in the statement. "The completion of the LSST Camera focal plane and its successful tests is a huge victory by the camera team that will enable Rubin Observatory to deliver next-generation astronomical science," he added. Scientists are hoping to install the unwieldy camera to the Rubin Observatory telescope by the fall of 2022, but it will be ready for testing by mid 2021. Rather than being used to take pictures of broccoli, the camera will be used to take wide field astronomical surveys of almost the entire night sky every few nights, in six different broad optical bands. READ MORE: California Scientists Build A Camera To Take Pictures Of Huge Swath Of Sky [NPR]  More on the observatory: Researchers Find Captivating New Details In Image of Black Hole Share This Article 
A team of European astrophysicists is suggesting that the universe could be filled with "boson stars," which are theoretical, transparent objects made of boson particles.. If real, boson stars would share plenty of features with supermassive black holes, including the fact that "boson stars are predicted by general relativity and are able to grow to millions of solar masses and reach a very high compactness," as research lead and astrophysicist Hector Olivares from Radboud University in the Netherlands and Goethe University in Germany told ScienceAlert. Olivares and his team set out to calculate if boson stars would end up resembling the shadow of M87*, the first-ever photographed black hole. Apart from the similarities they share with supermassive black holes, boson stars would be by nature quite different from other celestial objects observed by astronomers — if they indeed exist. Bosons are an entirely different type of particle that don't abide to the same laws that govern fermions, which are the familiar matter particles that include protons, neutrons, and electrons. For instance, they can be superimposed, with two bosons occupying the same space, forming a "matter wave." These structures can then end up forming an even larger structure, a "scalar field," which is a relatively stable arrangement, as ScienceAlert explains. Given enough mass, these fields could squish together into a boson star. While certain types of bosons have been observed here on Earth, the extremely small mass types of bosons required to form these boson stars have yet to be observed. "Spin-0 bosons with similar or smaller masses appear in several cosmological models and string theories, and have been proposed as dark matter candidates under different names," Olivares told ScienceAlert. "Such hypothetical particles would be extremely difficult to detect, but the observation of an object looking like a boson star would point to their existence," he added. Intriguingly, such boson stars would be mostly transparent, except for a possible rotating ring of plasma surrounding some of them. In the end, Olivares and his team concluded that M87* couldn't have been a boson star as the theoretical shadow would be far too small. The team is hoping to compare future observations by the Event Horizon Telescope, the array that took the first image of M87*, to their results in order to confirm if the black hole really is a black hole after all. READ MORE: Space Could Be Littered With Eerie Transparent Stars Made Entirely of Bosons [ScienceAlert] Share This Article 
On Friday night, when Elon Musk debuted what his secretive brain interface startup Neuralink has been working on, reactions ranged from the underwhelmed to the baffled. The demo prompted a furious reaction, though, from the animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) — because it revealed that Neuralink has been testing its experimental brain hardware on pigs. "PETA challenges Elon Musk to behave like a pioneer and implant the Neuralink chip in his own brain," said PETA president Ingrid Newkirk in a statement. She also accused Musk of "exploiting smart, sensitive pigs who didn't volunteer for surgery" and "should be left out of pie-in-the-sky projects." Unlike Tesla and SpaceX, Neuralink does wade directly into the culture war over animal testing. You can test rockets and electric cars without animal research subjects, in other words, but only the fringiest people would volunteer for brain surgery to try out an untested medical device. Musk didn't mince words during the event, speaking highly of the pigs as research subjects precisely because they have higher brain functions that are more comparable to humans than small mammals like mice. "Pigs are actually quite similar to people," he said during demo. "If we're going to figure out things for people, then pigs are a good choice." "If the device is lasting in the pig, as it lasted in there for two months and going strong, then that's a good sign the device is robust for people," he added. At the same time, he did show some affection for the animals, introducing an animal handler and showing off a healthy-looking pig that he said had been implanted with a Neuralink device that was subsequently removed. But Newkirk wasn't impressed. "Musk has the brains and ability to use technology, why not wise up to who animals are and show them some respect and try this on himself," she said. "He knew there was going to be a backlash against his use of pigs, and had the nerve to come out with a PR reel in which his lab staff talk about how much they care for the animals he uses." More on Neuralink: Elon Musk Compares Neuralink to “a ‘Black Mirror’ Episode” Share This Article 
A bunch of mice that had been gene-edited to be absolutely ripped headed to the International Space Station last year. And according to newly published research, they were capable of keeping their gains over an entire month. A team led by Se-Jin Lee of the Jackson Laboratory in Connecticut sent 40 young female black mice to the station back in December 2019. Some of the mice, though, had been gene edited to remove a protein called myostatin that limits muscle growth. As a result, the treated mice had about twice the skeletal muscle mass of normal mice. The researchers were hoping to learn about how microgravity affects bodies in space, particularly when it comes to muscle atrophy and bone loss — risks that mean astronauts have to spend a considerable amount of their time working out on board the ISS. The 24 regular mice lost considerable muscle and bone mass in microgravity, like human astronauts. But eight of the bodybuilder "mighty mice," which launched with double the muscle mass, retained most of that additional mass. And another eight mice received the "mighty mouse" treatment in space — and came back to Earth more swole than ever. After parachuting back down to Earth inside a SpaceX capsule in January, the set of untreated mice got the treatment as well, and quickly recovered muscle mass, faster than those who didn't receive the treatment. "We show that targeting this signaling pathway has significant beneficial effects in protecting against both muscle and bone loss in microgravity," the researchers wrote in their paper published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences today. They concluded that the technique could work "not only in astronauts on prolonged missions but also in people with disuse atrophy on Earth, such as in older adults or in individuals who are bedridden or wheelchair-bound from illness," according to the paper. Despite the successful experiment, this kind of drug won't be injected into human astronauts any time soon. "We're years away," Emily Germain-Lee of Connecticut Children's Medical Center, co-author of the study, told the Associated Press. "But that's how everything is when you go from mouse to human studies." READ MORE: 'Mighty mice' stay musclebound in space, boon for astronauts [Associated Press] More on the muscle mice: NASA's Super-Muscular Mice Return to Earth From Space Share This Article 
We generate a lot of data. According to a 2015 survey, we take 150 photos on our phones every month and have 600 sitting on our rolls. It's only a matter of time before iCloud or Google Drive runs out of space. Add to this that as services fade-out, keeping the data we've made or bought from them is becoming more frustrating. The coming death of Google Music, for example, has left people who've bought albums through the service looking for a replacement in addition to porting their albums over to YouTube Music. Fortunately, you can back up 10TB worth of data for 95% off with the Degoo Premium: Lifetime 10TB Backup Plan. If you've got iCloud, Google Drive, or another service, you might wonder why you need another. The answer? Independence matters. Google Music users don't get an option to pick another service or to store their music on Google Drive for a while. It's YouTube Music or nothing. And while most users may be fine with that, independent backups mean you have another option. Secondly, transfers from service to service, even if they're on the same platform, are far from perfect. In 2016, for example, when Apple began introducing Apple Music, iTunes began mislabeling and seemingly "deleting" user's files when it found a "match" on Apple Music. Fortunately, the music wasn't deleted, just misfiled, but many users were still upset that an automated process could seemingly make their entire library disappear into thin air. Finally, of course, there's the dreaded scenario where the service just goes under. MySpace, for example, lost literally everything from before 2016 due to a server migration error. True, perhaps some users were secretly relieved that many awkward photos from high school vanished, but why take that gamble with your family photos?  To give you an idea of how much space one terabyte is, it's 1000 GB of space. Or roughly four to sixteen iPhone 11s worth of storage capacity, depending on whether you decided to save a little money and go with the 64GB one or splurge on the 256 GB. But let's say you're budget-conscious and will upgrade every three years or so. If you got your first phone at 18 and backed it up to a Degoo Premium backup plan every time you switched instead of deleting anything. You'd have used up about 1.36TB of your space. Good thing you can use your backup plan for everything you own, including tablets, laptops, and other devices. You'll never lose a document, a photo, or a song again. It's also easy to share your photos. Degoo has handy iOS, Android, and web apps that let you pop into your backups and go through to find just what you need. You can hit send, knowing that the service's 256-bit AES encryption will keep your data between you and your friends, whether you send it over email or drop a link in a text. Nor will you have to stay on top of your backups, as automatic file change detection ensures that a backup kicks in right away. You can even replicate your backup, that is, make another copy and store it separately, to make doubly sure everything's protected. Losing your photos, music, and documents can be devastating. But at $149, 95% of the MSRP, the Degoo Premium: Lifetime 10TB Backup Plan will both give you peace of mind, and make it easier to keep your files handy. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cloud computing, big data, and networking mean that IT careers have never been hotter. The Bureau of Labor Statistics expects to see IT careers grow 12% by 2028, adding more than half a million new jobs in the US alone. Yet the industry can't wait. According to the International Information System Security Certification Consortium, globally, we were short 4 million cybersecurity professionals alone in 2019, a number that just keeps growing. So whether you want to move your IT career up the ladder, or want to change careers, getting a certification is a good start. The Complete 2020 IT Certification Exam Prep Mega Bundle, currently 97% off, has the courses you need to get that start, focusing on several areas where the need is most intense. Azure is the premier cloud computing service, used for building apps and services and offering effective management tools to keep them up and running. It's ideal for IT careers not just in cloud computing, but big data, corporate app development, and any functions involving AI. Courses include: In addition, the bundle includes "AWS Certified Solutions Architect: Associate Certification 2020," which will introduce you to Amazon Web Services, another popular cloud computing solution, to begin expanding your knowledge.  Tying computers together, whether across offices or continents, is becoming more central to IT than ever before. One of the top networking companies in the world, Cisco, offers CCENT (Cisco Certified Entry Network Technician) and CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) certifications to expand your networking skills and let employers know you've learned from the experts. Courses include: Finally, whether you go into the cloud, networking, or any other IT application, you'll need to know the basics of cybersecurity. "CompTIA Security+ (SY0-501)" will show you the current basics of cybersecurity, and how they apply across IT careers, giving you another useful skill set to climb the ladder. At just $39, the Complete 2020 IT Certification Exam Prep Mega Bundle will help you climb the ladder at your IT department, change to a better career, and brush up on your skills. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
At root, every computer can be thought of as a gigantic array of switches, packed into a tiny little space. Whether you're streaming Netflix, writing up a report, or aiming a giant space laser to communicate with aliens, at root all that's really happening is that a lot of switches are being flipped to one or zero, really fast. This is just one example of how you use discrete mathematics, whether you realize it or not, every day. It deals with "real" numbers, like getting a package from a fulfillment center to your house, but it's so powerful it can literally bring history to life. And this course in discrete mathematics, available for just $16, will get you started on it, whether you want to understand the world around you better, or just get ahead in your career. Much of the math we do is discrete. Even the jokes we make have fundamentals in discrete mathematics; if you've ever seen a funny Venn diagram, then you've laughed at a joke based on the concept of countable sets. That's where this course starts; it lays out what a set is, why they're important, and De Morgan's Law, which explores how sets overlap and how to make sense of why that's important. From there, this course explores in detail the mathematics of everyday life:  In addition to the more practical side of discrete mathematics, you'll also learn the theory behind them and how it drives modern math. Number theory, for example, is what we used to call "arithmetic," the study of integers and integer-related functions. If you want to understand how computers function, number theory is where you start. Graph theory, on the other hand, discusses how to turn data into visual information. If you've ever wondered how to turn a giant set of data into something you can understand at a glance, you'll need graph theory as much as you'll need a handle on Adobe and the principles of visual design. And if you really want to get into abstract mathematics, there's a full course on proofs, how they work, and how to apply them, perfect for academics and college students looking to better understand the intellectual side of math and pursue it as a career. As you can see, discrete math is all around us, in our careers and in our lives. If you'd like to know the numbers behind anything, now you can, and for just $16. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you're a person who just uses a blender for the occasional shake or smoothy, you probably take your device for granted. But the fact of the matter is not all blenders are created equal. High-quality blenders are built to last and can be used for much more than the occasional drink. In fact, a high-powered blender can be used for a wide variety of time-saving culinary tasks, which can eliminate the need for a bulky food processor. And when it comes to choosing a high-performance blender, the Vitamix Ascent Series takes things to the next level by incorporating smart, wireless technology into the mix. It's the high-tech kitchen gadget you didn't know you needed. All of the blenders in the Vitamix Ascent Series come in a range of feature options that will allow you to select the one that best fits your preferences and budget. But they’re all top of the line machines that include features like wireless connectivity for pairing with Vitamix’s own Perfect Blend app. This unlocks the full potential of your blender with 17 programs and more than 500 recipes. They also come with a feature known as SELF-DETECT technology that can sense which Vitamix container you’ve attached to the base, and adjust their functionality to match your needs on that specific occasion. Here’s a breakdown of three popular Vitamix Ascent Series options: The A2300 may be the cheapest of the Ascent Series, but you won’t be skimping on functionality, power, or versatility. With Variable Speed Control, you can fine-tune your blend to whatever consistency you want, from chunky salsa to silky smoothies and anything in between. For users who prefer a bit more convenience (and who trust the food scientists at Vitamix and their preset options above their own blending instincts), there’s the Vitamix Ascent A2500. The A2500 still has the Variable Speed Control and Pulse features of the A2300, but also comes equipped with three program settings for each of the most common blender items: Smoothies, Hot Soup, and Frozen Desserts. These settings are precise and reliable enough that you can simply walk away after you’ve put in your ingredients and selected a program. The A2500 does all the rest. Finally, we have Vitamix Ascent A3500, which ups the ante on program settings with five different options to choose from. It has settings for Smoothies, Hot Soup, and Frozen Desserts, but two additional settings, too: one for self-cleaning, and another for Dips & Spreads. The A3500 also has touchscreen controls, which are not only easy to use but also easier to clean than conventional manual ones. All of the above Vitamix Ascent Series blenders are available now with special 0-percent financing for up to 24 months, so anyone who’s serious about blending can afford to upgrade. So head over to the Vitamix online store to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It's like an episode of "True Detective." How do you find human remains in a massive natural ecosystem like the Amazon rainforest? According to a new paper published in the journal Trends in Plant Science, tree and shrub canopies could guide search and rescue teams to find human remains, as CNN reports. As they decompose, human remains create "cadaver decomposition islands," the researchers write, altering the surrounding soil, roots and leaves. These changes could even be "detected remotely." "In smaller, open landscapes foot patrols could be effective to find someone missing, but in more forested or treacherous parts of the world like the Amazon, that's not going to be possible at all," explained senior author Neal Stewart Junior, a professor of plant sciences at the University of Tennessee, in a statement. "This led us to look into plants as indicators of human decomposition, which could lead to faster, and possibly safer body recovery." The researchers are planning to test their new cadaver discovering technique at the University of Tennessee's "body farm," more formally known as the Anthropology Research Facility, where they will assess changes in these cadaver decomposition islands including minute changes in the coloration and fluorescent signatures of individual leaves. "The most obvious result of the islands would be a large release of nitrogen into the soil, especially in the summertime when decomposition is happening so fast," Stewart said. "Depending on how quickly the plants respond to the influx of nitrogen, it may cause changes in leaf color and reflectance." There's one key problem: humans aren't the only mammals dying in the woods. That means the team will have to find a human specific way to spot these metabolic processes that differ, say, from a dead deer. "One thought is if we had a specific person who went missing who was, let's say, a heavy smoker, they could have a chemical profile that could trigger some sort of unique plant response making them easier to locate," Stewart suggested. "Though at this stage this idea is still farfetched." Stewart and his team are hoping their research could make recovering human bodies — and possibly nearby survivors — in large forested ideas far more efficient. "When you start to think about deploying drones to look for specific emissions, now we can think of the signals more like a check engine light," he explained. "If we can quickly fly where someone may have gone missing and collect data over tens or even hundreds of square kilometers, then we'd know the best spots to send in a search team." READ MORE: Plants could help authorities detect dead human bodies in woodland [CNN] More on forensics: Horrifying Study: Corpses Thrash Around For a Year After Death Share This Article 
After binge-watching hours and hours of everything on Netflix, your brain cells are probably crying out for something more educational than true crime documentaries, and more enriching than a sitcom you’ve already seen dozens of times. Shouldn’t there be, your brain wonders, something better out there in the streaming universe? Curiosity Stream is the streaming platform that answers this question with a very emphatic =“Yes." It offers thousands of great documentary series and films for your viewing pleasure and edification and for much less than the cost of a subscription to Netflix or Hulu. Curiosity Stream is home to the best documentaries on the planet, many of them award-winning originals to the Curiosity Stream platform. These programs span every corner of the physical universe and beyond in terms of subject matter, with everything from science and technology to history, nature, society, and more. Here’s a sampling of some of the best Curiosity Stream programs that you’ll be able to start watching immediately upon getting a subscription: In the Nature category, we have Sloth Bears: Birth of a Prince. This short 30-minute documentary gives viewers an up-close and personal look at the sloth bear, best known to the general public as the inspiration for The Jungle Book’s Baloo. If outer space is more your bag, you might be more interested in another short documentary, this one entitled Hubble’s Imager. If you’ve ever wondered how the images captured by the famous Hubble Space Telescope become legible as the stunning pictures you see shared here on the ground, this documentary will show you exactly how the process works, and how the photos captured by the Hubble’s cameras are taken and processed. More of an art history buff? Then maybe you’ll enjoy programs like Leonardo: The Mystery Of The Lost Portrait, which explores the ways that a purportedly lost work from the famous artist reveals new depths to knowledge about the man’s life apart from the canvas. These are just three out of thousands of programs available to all Curiosity Stream subscribers, but the main point is that you can find entertaining and informative viewing for almost any subject under the sun (and beyond). And if you sign up for an annual subscription, it all costs less than $20 per year. Even month-to-month, Curiosity Stream is a relative bargain at just $2.99. And if you’re a videophile with a 4K setup, you can get all of Curiosity Stream’s programming in sparkling ultra-high-definition for $9.99 per month, or just $69.99 per year -- which is still less than what you might pay for many other streaming platforms. Curiosity Stream is also free of any regional restrictions, so you’ll have access to the whole library of titles no matter where you are in the world. So if you’re ready to embark on a new adventure of learning instead of vegetating in front of your TV, sign up for a Curiosity Stream subscription now, and start enjoying award-winning, exclusive, and original content immediately. Your brain cells will thank you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA's Orion, the spacecraft designed to carry American astronauts to the Moon as part of the agency's Artemis program, just completed its System Acceptance Review and Design Certification Review. In other words, Orion is officially fit to embark on its maiden voyage as soon as next year. The Orion spacecraft is a partially reusable capsule meant to ferry a crew of between two and six into space and as far as the lunar orbit. It also features an emergency abort system and the ability to provide safe re-entry from deep space. Orion is designed to be carried into space using NASA's next-generation, heavy lift Space Launch System (SLS) rockets. The thorough review included system tests, inspection reports, and detailed analyses of every part of the spacecraft. It also signifies "the final formal milestone to pass before integration with the Space Launch System rocket," according to a NASA statement. The news comes a day after Northrop Grumman successfully fired a massive 154-foot SLS booster during a test in the Utah desert. Artemis I, formerly known as Exploration Mission-1, will put Orion and SLS to the ultimate test — the mission will be a three week, uncrewed test flight around the Moon, getting to within just 60 miles of the lunar surface. The mission is slated for November 2021. The first crewed mission, Artemis II, is expected to launch in August 2023. READ MORE: Orion Program Completes Key Review for Artemis I [NASA] More on Artemis: NASA Tests Rocket So Huge It Lights Entire Hillside on Fire Share This Article 
80-year-old lung cancer survivor and California State University, Fullerton physics professor emeritus Jim Woodward has an out-of-this-world idea to allow spacecraft to travel to neighboring star systems: tiny crystals that vibrate tens of thousands of times per second when an electric current is applied. His invention, dubbed  the Mach-effect gravitational assist (MEGA) drive, makes the extraordinary promise of a propulsion system that relies on nothing but a source of electricity — no heavy combustion fuel necessary, as Wired reports in a fascinating new feature. The idea is to accelerate slowly, but over a very long period of time. According to Woodward, a spacecraft with a MEGA drive could eventually reach velocities approaching the speed of light, with the help of an onboard nuclear reactor to supply decades worth of electric power. The MEGA drive relies on Mach's principle, named by Albert Einstein himself, which claims that inertia is related to distant gravitational effects. As an object's energy changes, the very matter of space and time changes around it as well, a controversial an interpretation of Einstein's famous mass-energy equivalence principle E=mc². In other words, according to Wired, if part of an object — in the case of the MEGA drive, parts of tiny piezoelectric disks — were to simultaneously change its mass and energy state, it could theoretically start accelerating. Woodward's work on his MEGA drive has been ongoing for over thirty years. He was even awarded funding through NASA's Innovative Advanced Concepts program in 2017. With the grant money, Woodward and his collaborators have even designed a conceptual uncrewed spacecraft called SSI Lambda, an unusual-looking craft that houses an array of about 1,5000 scaled-up MEGA drives. More recently, Woodward's latest MEGA drive produced far more thrust than all his previous prototypes. "I was shocked at the huge increase in measured force," Hal Fearn, close collaborator and physicist at California State University, Fullerton, told Wired. Yet other researchers are still skeptical of the novel device. "I'd say there's between a 1-in-10 and 1-in-10,000,000 chance that it’s real, and probably toward the higher end of that spectrum," Mike McDonald, an aerospace engineer at the Naval Research Laboratory in Maryland, told the magazine. "But imagine that one chance; that would be amazing," he added. "That's why we do high-risk, high-reward work. That’s why we do science." Woodward and Fearn are now planning to send a demonstration of the device into orbit to test how it fares in space. READ MORE: Gravity, Gizmos, and a Grand Theory of Interstellar Travel [Wired] More on interstellar travel: New Experiment Will Test EmDrive That Breaks the Laws of Physics Share This Article 
More than ever before, the coronavirus-induced quarantine has highlighted the importance of green spaces, especially in overpopulated urban centers. A recent Bloomberg article emphasizes the dire human need to be surrounded by greenery: "The multiplicity of benefits parks have always offered us — physical and mental health relief, community building, and free public open space in tight, increasingly privatized urban quarters — seem not only like an added bonus right now, but rather, a critical lifeline for cities and their residents." Indeed, the liveliness that plants provide is well-supported by science: as people inhale oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide, plants do the inverse, clearing the surrounding air of harmful toxins. A NASA study discovered that houseplants are even capable of removing 87 percent of air toxins in 24 hours. Research also proves that houseplants boost concentration, productivity, and mood, in addition to reducing stress levels — all of which is necessary in what can be an overwhelming work/home space. With all of the benefits of "going green" at home, now is an ideal time to learn how to cultivate crops and fertilize flowers in a bountiful home garden. Until the end of quarantine and beyond, you can explore the wonders of indoor and outdoor gardening with The Green Thumb Gardening Bundle. This valuable course bundle teaches novice gardeners how to grow their own greener pastures through ten hours of hands-on lessons, covering everything from planting and propagating to woodworking and design. Although the courses are worth nearly $1200, this bundle is available at a 98 percent discount for an affordable $19.99.  The six-course bundle is designed with beginners in mind, teaching essential gardening techniques such as raising houseplants and succulents, pruning and training ornamental plants, propagating new shoots from existing plants, and how to draw up plans for future gardening projects. The "Gardening For Beginners: House Plants, Succulents And Herbs" course offers wisdom on the basics of gardening, what plants to grow, and how to best care for them. Although the knowledge applies to gardening in general, the course focuses on five beautiful and easy-to-care-for houseplants that will make your neighbors and friends green with gardening envy. An often-overlooked aspect of gardening is pruning plants to prolong their lifespan and increase their productivity: pruning is the difference between a withered, woody basil stem and an evergreen, bushy basil plant boasting new sprouts. That's where the "Pruning & Training Plants For Beginners" course comes in—it teaches users how to prune and train ornamental and fruiting plants for optimal growth. Any experienced gardener knows that a backyard garden can quickly become an overgrown jungle—and a smart gardener knows how to design their garden to avoid overgrowth. The "Designing Gardens & Drawing Plans for Beginners" course reviews sound design principles and applies them to gardens, allowing you to draw plans and sketches of your ideal garden before breaking ground. One of the best ways to build a bountiful garden fast is through the propagation method, which is taking a part of an existing plant to grow an entirely new plant. The "Ornamental Plants Propagation" course demystifies the process of propagation, allowing you to grow new plants with just a few propagation materials. Despite the confines of quarantine, it's still possible to liven up your home with a little fresh air and greenery. The Green Thumb Gardening Bundle will have you growing, designing, and propagating all-natural air purifiers and mood boosters in a matter of weeks—all for a limited-time discount of $19.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When YouTube first launched in 2005, nobody was quite sure what it would become. Fifteen years later, governments are arguing over who gets to own a social network mostly concerned with dance videos and we're all communicating via Zoom. Video is now part of how we laugh, how we work, and how we get through the day, and learning to make better videos is becoming a skill for everyone. The Adobe Premiere Pro CC Video & Audio Production Course, just $29.99 for a limited time, bundle brings what was once the province of film schools and videographers to everyone. Whether you're looking to add a line to your resume, or just want more likes on your TikTok feed, this will help you polish up your video. Premiere Pro CC is what industry types call a "non-linear editor," or NLE. Before computers became powerful enough to edit video, editing meant sifting through either piles of film or "scrubbing" (fast-forwarding and rewinding) through videotape after videotape, writing down the exact time for the clip you wanted, and then recording that, and only that, to a video, or laboriously trimming out the frames you wanted and pasting it onto a reel. The arrival of NLEs like Premiere Pro both saved time and aggravation. They're "non-destructive;" instead of permanently altering what was shot, giving you only one chance at a good edit, you can simply copy the footage and work off of that. They're also visual, so you can see and watch the entire project at once, catching mistakes and tweaking as you go. These courses teach by doing; you'll access a collection of "assets" including audio, video, and filters, which you'll trim and shape into a professional video, learning by following with the teacher. So if you've never cut a video before, you can start with "Adobe Premiere Pro CC: Essentials Training Course" and learn to trim and match your edits, before moving onto the more advanced editing work.  Ever see a video you've shot and wondered why at one moment, everyone looks blue, and at another, everyone looks red, even though to your eyes they all look the same? That's thanks to a quirk of physics known as color temperature, the enemy of editors everywhere. The masterclasses in this course, such as "Complete Adobe Premiere Pro Video Editing Course: Be a Pro!" will show you how to master color correction, so your videos always look good, and color grading, where you use color effects to change the emotion of a scene. You'll also learn how to use transitions, from Star Wars-esque wipes to fades, what they communicate to the viewer, add titles and text, and even special effects and green screen work. Finally, you'll learn about the importance of audio in video. "Audio Mixing + Processing Voice in Adobe Premiere Pro CC" will show you all of the powerful audio tools Premiere Pro gives you as an editor, from removing annoying background noise to "sweetening" voices. It'll also show you how to mix audio so your soundtrack doesn't drown out your subject, and even how to edit audio to better match your video, so you can cut out the "ums" and "ahs" from your work. Whether you just want your family memories to look better, or are looking to launch a career in one of the many disciplines video editing is key to, the Adobe Premiere Pro CC Video & Audio Production Course Bundle, for just $30, will give you the skills you need. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of astronomers have spotted what they claim is the most massive collision of two black holes ever observed. Prior to the gigantic collision, at least one of the massive colossal space objects had the mass of 85 Suns. The collision itself created a black hole about 150 solar masses — putting it into a mass range previously thought to be possible — and ejected the equivalent of eight solar masses in the form of energy in the form of gravitational waves, as detailed in papers published today in the journals Physical Review Letters and The Astrophysical Journal Letters. "Everything about this discovery is mindboggling," Simon Portegies Zwart, a computational astrophysicist at Leiden University in the Netherlands, who was not involved in the research, said in a Nature statement. The size of the black holes involved in the merger would make them more massive than a regular star, but lighter than the supermassive black holes often found at the center of galaxies. The event, which occurred approximately seven billion light years away, was observed in May 2019 using the twin Laser Interferometer Gravitational-wave Antenna (LIGO) detectors in the US and the smaller Virgo observatory in Italy. The researchers made the discovery by observing gravitational waves, ripples in space-time that can give away these galactic events. The relatively new technique has allowed scientists to make discoveries of dozens of other black hole collisions like it. But even by the epic standards of black hole collisions, this one takes the cake. "This doesn't look much like a chirp, which is what we typically detect," Virgo member Nelson Christensen, researcher at the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS), who compared the new results to the first detection of gravitational waves using LIGO dating back to 2015, said in an MIT press release. "This is more like something that goes 'bang,' and it's the most massive signal LIGO and Virgo have seen," Christensen added. The masses of the two merging black holes are highly unusual as there is a "mass gap," roughly between 65 and 135 solar masses, where black holes aren't expected to exist. That's because at those sizes, stars theoretically tend to be ripped apart and disintegrated by the explosive fusion of oxygen nuclei, a process known as "pair instability." "This is quite neatly in the range one would expect the pair-instability mass gap should be," LIGO astrophysicist Christopher Berry of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, said in the Nature statement. Scientists suspect that at least one of the black holes may not have formed from a collapsing star — the more conventional way smaller black holes are formed. Another scenario is that smaller black holes could have merged together over time, accumulating into the one involved in this collision. Yet such a theory is hard to back up as we still haven't found any other intermediate black holes. "That’s why astronomers have been looking for these extensively, because they would help in solving this puzzle,” Salvatore Vitale, an assistant professor at the LIGO Lab of MIT, told The Verge. "LIGO once again surprises us not just with the detection of black holes in sizes that are difficult to explain, but doing it using techniques that were not designed specifically for stellar mergers," Pedro Marronetti, program director for gravitational physics at the National Science Foundation, said in the MIT press release. "This is of tremendous importance since it showcases the instrument's ability to detect signals from completely unforeseen astrophysical events," he added. "LIGO shows that it can also observe the unexpected." READ MORE: Astronomers say they’ve detected the most massive merger of two black holes ever discovered [The Verge] More on black holes: Cornell Scientists Say “Strange Metals” Are Similar to Black Holes Share This Article 
Researchers have created an artificial skin that is capable of reacting to pain just like real human skin. The goal is to improve on prosthetics, allow for better alternatives to skin grafts, and even to "augment or compensate human skin for the development of realistic humanoids," as the team from RMIT University in Melbourne, Australia, writes in its paper published in the journal Advanced intelligent Systems today. The pain-sensing device mimics the nerve pathways that connect the receptors in the skin to the brain to replicate the human body's extremely fast feedback response. "Skin is our body's largest sensory organ, with complex features designed to send rapid-fire warning signals when anything hurts," research lead Madhu Bhaskaran and co-author of the paper, said in a statement. "We're sensing things all the time through the skin but our pain response only kicks in at a certain point, like when we touch something too hot or too sharp," he explained. "No electronic technologies have been able to realistically mimic that very human feeling of pain — until now." The prototype is a thin artificial skin that can sense changes in pressure, heat or cold. Once a certain threshold is reached, the skin reacts, just like real human skin. "It's a critical step forward in the future development of the sophisticated feedback systems that we need to deliver truly smart prosthetics and intelligent robotics," Bhaskaran claimed. A separate prototype is made out of an even thinner, stretchable material that can respond to changes in temperature and pressure. A third one is an extremely thin coating, about 1,000 times thinner than a single human hair, that can react to changes in heat. "While some existing technologies have used electrical signals to mimic different levels of pain, these new devices can react to real mechanical pressure, temperature and pain, and deliver the right electronic response," RMIT researcher and lead author Ataur Rahman said in the statement. "It means our artificial skin knows the difference between gently touching a pin with your finger or accidentally stabbing yourself with it — a critical distinction that has never been achieved before electronically," Rahman added. READ MORE: New electronic skin can react to pain like human skin [TechXplore]  More on artificial skin: Handheld Device “Prints” New Skin Directly Onto Wounds Share This Article 
Ever since man’s earliest ancestors emerged from the primordial muck, the human race has basically been killing time between innovations in self-pleasure. And now, the next epoch driving all human progress has arrived in the form of Titan VR by KIIROO, the world’s first interactive vibrating VR stroker. By using the Titan in conjunction with its VR headset and a huge library of compatible adult videos, you can enter a new world of VR sex and literally feel what you watch for the first time. KIIROO’s Titan is, to put it mildly, an upgrade over nearly any earlier interactive sex toy you can name. It lets you set whatever speed you prefer, allowing unparalleled sensitivity in control over vibrational intensity via touch-sensitive control pads. This is a game-changer all on its own. But when you throw in the more than 4,000 compatible videos and counting that will work with the Titan, you’re hitting new and largely unexplored territory. With Titan VR, you’ll find yourself directly inside your own sexual fantasies. The KIIROO Titan is also distinguished by its Real-Feel Sleeve, which is, as per the product’s official site, “Soft as the inner canals of your favorite orifice.” When combined with the Titan’s three rows of vibrating bullets, you’ll experience a level of pleasure that you’ve probably never dreamed possible. And that still doesn’t encompass all the possibilities. The Titan can also connect with other devices through the Internet, giving you control over your partner’s vibrations, and vice versa. Between this unprecedented level of connectivity and compatibility with thousands of adult titles (and more being made all the time), the main challenge for any Titan VR user is coming up with rationales for ever leaving the house again. The Titan VR Experience is basically a one-stop bundle of everything you need to optimize your enjoyment of both VR sex and traditional adult videos. It includes the Titan itself, and a virtual reality headset that's compatible with pretty much any smartphone, and is equipped with a 42mm diameter spherical resin lens that minimizes distortion and maximizes immersion. Your kit also comes with four ounces of KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner that cleans all your adult toys, and 12 ounces of KIIROO Aqua™ Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant. With more people than ever cooped up at home, it’s no surprise that Titan VR by KIIROO is more popular than ever. So why miss out on the next level of adult VR when everything you need can be yours with a single purchase? If you’re ready to reach new heights of sensation and pleasure, you can order the Titan VR Experience at the KIIROO online store and have it at your door in a couple of weeks, with no shipping charges. So don't wait. Click here to learn more. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Like it or not, there’s nothing we can do to stop the aging process. However, armed with the right knowledge and the right tools, we can age better. In recent years, scientists have made some pretty major discoveries about how we age at the cellular level. Now a team of scientists and Nobel Prize winners at Elysium Health have created two incredibly advanced products specifically designed to support healthy cellular aging. The company was founded by Dr. Leo Guarente, director of the Glenn Center for Biology of Aging Research at MIT. Aided by a scientific advisory board that includes eight Nobel Laureates, Dr. Guarente's goal for Elysium Health is to turn the latest scientific advancements in the field of cellular aging into products that can actually improve people’s lives today. So far, these products have been based on two major discoveries about how we age at the cellular level. The first of these discoveries concerns the role played by a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+. This molecule performs two basic jobs in the human body without which life would not be possible. NAD+ plays a key role in metabolism by helping to turn nutrients into cellular energy. Second, it functions as a helper molecule for special proteins called sirtuins. Sometimes called the “guardians of the genome,” sirtuins play a vital role in general health. But they can only do their job with the help of NAD+. Scientists have discovered that natural levels of NAD+ decline as we get older, which is the primary cause of cellular aging. However, the good news is that scientists have also discovered that NAD+ levels can be increased through supplementation of nicotinamide riboside (a highly efficient precursor to NAD+) and pterostilbene (a powerful polyphenol created by plants). To address the problem of declining NAD+ levels, Elysium’s world-class scientists developed Basis, a patent-pending formulation of crystalline nicotinamide riboside, which the human body converts into NAD+, and pterostilbene. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, Basis was shown to increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent safely and sustainably. These elevated NAD+ levels help support cellular energy and metabolism, maintain healthy DNA, activate sirtuins, and support healthy cellular aging. Each bottle of Basis has 60 capsules. Elysium Health recommends two capsules every morning, with or without food. So each bottle contains a one-month supply. The second major discovery about how we age at the cellular level concerns the field of epigenetics, which is the study of changes in organisms caused by the modification of gene expression. As we age, chemical compounds get attached to our genes and affect how they get expressed. When epigenetic compounds attach to DNA, they are said to have "marked" the genome. These marks do not change the sequence of the DNA, but they do change the way cells read the DNA's instructions. One of the most common epigenetic marks is called DNA methylation. In 2018 Dr. Morgan Levine, a professor at Yale School of Medicine and Elysium’s Bioinformatics Advisor, developed a revolutionary epigenetic biomarker analysis that calculates biological age by looking at specific sites along the genome to see what proportion of cells are marked by DNA methylation. To help people better understand how fast they are aging, scientists at Elysium Health developed the Index Biological Age Test, which analyzes over 100,000 sites of DNA methylation to calculate your biological age. When you order the Index biological age test, Elysium sends you an easy-to-use saliva collection kit. Once you send your sample back, Elysium extracts your DNA, loads it onto a specially designed DNA sequencing chip, and analyzes it using next-generation technology called Algorithmic Platform for Epigenetic Examination, or APEX. This sophisticated system scans your epigenome for DNA methylation biomarkers, which it then uses to calculate your biological age. Once the analysis process is complete, Elysium sends you a complete report, which includes specific health, diet, and lifestyle recommendations designed to help you age better. As you would expect, Elysium Health designed its Basis NAD+ supplement and Index Biological Age Test to work together in harmony. And right now, when you subscribe to a one year supply of Basis, you can get 40-percent off the Index biological age test. So if you want to be proactive and take control of your cellular health, click here to read more about what Elysium’s products can do for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On Friday, SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk demonstrated the Link device, a prototype built by his secretive brain-computer interface company Neuralink. The demo involved three live pigs, only one of which actually had a Neuralink device in its brain. Musk made a lot of bold claims during the event, according to MIT Technology Review, like Neuralink someday treating blindness and paralysis, as well as being used for entertainment or somehow connecting to an AI hivemind. Needless to say, many experts said demo amounted to a whole lot of fluff with very little substance. if you are a programmer or ever used any kind of software in your life, the idea of having software connected directly to your brain is the most terrifying thing imaginable #neuralink — the artist formerly known as ansdor (@ansdor) August 28, 2020  Musk, who previously made the baffling and insensitive claim that Neuralink could "solve" Autism spectrum disorder, even went as far as saying that customers could use a Neuralink implant to play video games or summon their Tesla. But there's a whole lot of medical science that needs to happen before the devices go into a single person's brain, MIT Tech Review reports. While Musk boasts about Neuralink's ability to drill and implant tiny wires into the brain, neural implants tend to kill surrounding brain cells and cause even further damage when they inevitably break down. "I would say this is solid engineering but mediocre neuroscience," Newcastle University neuroscientist Andrew Jackson told BBC News. Before everyone gets too excited about the @elonmusk Neuralink demo here’s what Prof Andrew Jackson, Professor of Neural Interfaces, Newcastle University, says: “this is solid engineering but mediocre neuroscience” pic.twitter.com/R7AlLfX84R — Rory Cellan-Jones (@ruskin147) August 30, 2020  Aside from the lack of evidence that Neuralink can live up to any of Musk's medical claims, MIT Tech Review reports that Neuralink's grand pig demonstration showcased decades-old technology. During the demo, a machine played noises as the link recorded brain signals, something that scientists have done — to humans — in the lab since the 1920s. READ MORE: Elon Musk’s Neuralink is neuroscience theater [MIT Technology Review] More on Neuralink: People Are Begging Elon Musk To Drill Holes in Their Skulls Share This Article 
Everyone knows sleep plays a vital role in our mental and physical well-being. However, when people talk about the importance of sleep, they tend to focus almost exclusively on getting more sleep, when we really ought to be just as concerned with getting better sleep. Luckily, the team of scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective have spent years trying to figure out the best way to help people improve the quality of their sleep. And the result of their efforts, a new sleep supplement called Qualia Night, is now being hailed as a major breakthrough in the science of sleep. Futurism Readers: Enter Discount Code PRODANDNEURO At Checkout For An Additional 15% Off No matter how much coffee or superfood smoothies you drink, it is biologically impossible to achieve peak physical or cognitive performance without good sleep. Poor sleep is scientifically proven to diminish critical thinking, judgment, and problem-solving skills. It is scientifically proven to contribute to weaker immune function, weight gain, high blood pressure, and accelerated aging. It is scientifically proven to make us more irritable, reduce our ability to manage conflicts, and make us less empathetic. These are facts. So what exactly is going on when we sleep? While we tend to think of the brain and body as being inactive while we’re sleeping, in reality, they are quite busy. The body repairs cells, muscles, and tissues and synthesizes key proteins and hormones. Neurons regroup and reorganize so they can efficiently communicate and store information. And the brain’s glymphatic system clears out waste from the central nervous system, removing toxic chemicals that build up throughout the day. Like all other biological processes, the ones that take place while you sleep require very specific fuels. That’s why Neurohacker Collective created Qualia Night. The most important thing people need to understand about Qualia Night is that it is not a sleeping pill. It does not contain any pharmaceutical or botanical sedatives. In fact, it doesn’t even contain melatonin, which is a natural hormone produced by your body to regulate your sleep-wake cycle. At Neurohacker Collective, their goal is to help the body help itself. Using a whole-systems science approach, they spent two years creating a unique blend of raw materials that promote restfulness and fuel your body’s natural regenerative processes. These raw materials enhance your body’s ability to heal, recover, and regenerate, which results in deeper and more restorative sleep, more energy, improved cognition, stronger immunity, and enhanced long-term brain health. Qualia Night is intended to be taken in the early evening, about four hours before bedtime. From there it slowly eases your mind and body into a relaxing, optimal sleep process later that night. It works by: To celebrate its release—and because Neurohacker Collective is pretty confident you’ll love it when you try it—right now you can get 50% off the first month of a cancel-anytime subscription to Qualia Night. Your subscription is also backed by a 100-day money-back guarantee. And you can also use the discount code PRODANDNEURO at checkout to get an additional 15-percent off. If you don’t feel refreshed and energized when you wake up in the morning, or if you feel sluggish and low energy throughout the day, don’t just pump your brain full of more caffeine. Qualia Night was specifically designed to enhance your sleep performance so you recharge better at night. Give it a try, today. Futurism Readers: Enter Discount Code PRODANDNEURO At Checkout For An Additional 15% Off Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists have found new evidence that Earth has been moving through the remains of exploded stars for at least the last 33,000 years. In a new study published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a team of Australian researchers describe how they extracted a special isotope of iron called iron-60 from five deep-sea sediment samples using mass spectrometry. That's illuminating, because as the researchers wrote in their paper, the isotope is "predominantly produced in massive stars and ejected in supernova explosions." In other words, iron-60 is left over after a star explodes. And because iron-60 is radioactive and decays in 15 million years, the theory is that our planet is continuously being dusted with the stuff as it's moving through the "Local Interstellar Cloud," a region of unclear origins made up of gas, dust, and plasma. "These clouds could be remnants of previous supernova explosions, a powerful and super bright explosion of a star," Anton Wallner, nuclear physicist at the Australian National University, and lead author of the paper, said in a statement. The researchers were trying to validate other iron-60 findings in samples from the Antarctic by sampling deep-sea samples dating back to 33,000 years ago. It's far from the first time researchers have found traces of iron-60. Previous samples showed traces of the isotope dating back to as far back as 2.6 to six million years ago. By looking at samples of a far more recent era in our planet's history, Wallner and his team was attempting to find answers to the mysteries behind the cloud our planet is moving through: what it's made of and where it came from. But what they found is bringing up more questions than answers.  Traces of iron-60 seemed to appear consistent over a large span of time. In other words, if there was a supernova event in the past, we would've seen a spike or at least a change in the amount of the isotope — the older the samples, the lower the levels at least, as Science Alert points out. "There are recent papers that suggest iron-60 trapped in dust particles might bounce around in the interstellar medium," Wallner said in the statement. "So the iron-60 could originate from even older supernovae explosions, and what we measure is some kind of echo." READ MORE: Earth Appears to Be Travelling Through The Debris of Ancient Supernovae [Science Alert] More on supernovae: This Underground Experiment Will Hunt for Supernova Shrapnel Share This Article 
Nobody likes bad smells, but when you're in space, there's no escape from them. The smells are so intense astronaut Scott Kelly likened them to the smell of a jail. Nor would traditional air fresheners work; they release chemicals into the environment, and you can't throw open a window to get some fresh air in. The answer turned out to be photocatalysis, which destroys stench by blasting it with UV light, with the added bonus of killing off airborne germs. And now, you can bring that technology home with the VentiFresh ECO for $58.99, 29% off the usual price. We're all familiar with catalysts; They're substances that make it easier for chemical reactions to occur. Specifically, they provide some of the energy needed to make that reaction happy. A catalytic converter, for example, uses platinum to yank a nitrogen molecule out of nitrogen compounds in car exhaust while oxidizing carbon monoxide. As you might guess from the name, photocatalysts get their energy from light, specifically ultraviolet (UV) light. This gives you more control over the reaction, and unlike a filter, which traps smells, or a chemical spray that covers them up, destroys offending odor in question. Every smell you experience is thanks to volatile organic compounds, or VOCs. They're "volatile" in the chemical sense, meaning they vaporize quickly, and organic, in this case, means they've got carbon as one of their constituent atoms. If you've ever uncapped a bottle of rubbing alcohol and immediately regretted it? Thank VOCs. Something, like, say, your cat's litter box is rife with VOCs that drift out of the box, up your nose and latch onto your olfactory nerve, which transmits the signal to your brain, usually telling it to run from the room and buy more litter.  Photocatalysis uses light and chemical reactions to destroy these VOCs. When you plug in your VentiFresh, it begins pulling in VOCs, with either a quiet mode for those times when you need peace or a turbo mode for when you need fresh air. Even better, this doesn't require any consumable or sprayed chemicals, making it a more sustainable freshener. As the light raises the energy of the catalyst, the VOCs flow over it, and the catalyst begins yanking out the various atoms that make up the smell. Without those atoms to trigger the olfactory nerve, the smell is gone. As a bonus, photocatalysis is perfect for removing airborne microorganisms. Just like a human needs to be careful how much UV light they're exposed to, it's bad for germs. Short-wavelength UV, also known as UV-C, is particularly nasty in this regard. UV-C destroys nucleic acids and disrupts DNA. For a human-sized organism, a little UV-C isn't a big deal; just wear some sunscreen, and the VentiFresh's UV light is carefully contained to prevent human contact. The much smaller airborne germs, though, when they're sucked into the VentiFresh, the UV-C light activating the catalyst kills them off, giving you a powerful two for one. Another virtue of the VentiFresh is its small size and USB power source. It's easy to mount on walls and can be run off a power bank, so wherever you've got a bad smell, you can place it. You can plug it into a USB charger, or use a battery pack to run it only when you need it. We may never visit the International Space Station, but there's no reason we should take an accidental olfactory tour of it either. And at 29% off, the VentiFresh ECO will keep your home smelling better, sustainably. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In 1958, William Higinbotham got stuck with the job of impressing a tour group. Higinbotham, who worked for the Brookhaven National Laboratory’s instrumentation group, was assigned to make the rather boring exhibits they had explaining their work a little more engaging. So, with a little help from a technician, he created Tennis For Two, a simple little game you played on an oscilloscope by turning a knob. And with that, Higinbotham became the grandfather of a $152 billion a year industry and growing. Fortunately, you no longer need a graduate degree in physics and thousands of dollars of government equipment to build video games. In fact, it's never been easier to turn the game of your dreams into something ready to play, and the Comprehensive Game Development Bundle will show you how while building your coding skills, at 97% off. The bundle starts with "HTML5 Game Development for Beginners with Phaser," which will show you how to build a Frogger-esque game that runs on a web browser using HTML5 and Phaser 3. Phaser is a game framework that allows you to build games that run in browser windows, and it's an ideal introduction to both the latest and greatest of HTML and the principles of game design. Next, you'll learn about game engines, with Unity. A game engine is a frame on which you'll build your gaming masterpiece, including graphics, sound, artificial intelligence, physics, networking, and more. Many game studios use the same engine to create a variety of different games, and Unity is both free and uniquely powerful. It's also becoming increasingly popular outside the gaming industry, turning up in film animation, architectural design, and a host of other uses, making it a useful line on your resume as a coder. You'll learn the basics with two courses that show you how to build a 2D puzzle platformer and a first-person shooter, designing the games from the ground up to get a handle on the engine. Then you'll move into the more detailed aspects of Unity, with "Intro to Augmented Reality" showing you how Unity can build games like Pokemon Go, and you'll learn the basics of networking by building a multiplayer game in "Intro to Multiplayer Game Development."  Fortnite fan? Then you're familiar with Unreal Engine, the free-to-use engine distributed by Epic Games. Unreal drives some of the most popular and advanced games on the market, and if you're looking to make game development a career, "Unreal Engine Game Development for Beginners" will show you why it's so popular and how to build your own games in it. One of Unity's most useful features is Blueprints, which takes the coding out of game development. "Build an Action RPG in Unreal Engine" shows you how to leverage this tool to build your own games fast, without having to reinvent the power-up. If it's the code that intrigues you the most, there are two courses that will show you the computer science side of gaming. "VR Pointers: Space Station App" will get you started on the basics of virtual reality and building immersive environments. "Discover SFML for C++ Game Development" shows you Simple and Fast Media Library and how it relates to C++, a coding skill in demand both inside and outside the game industry. And "Learn Python 3 by Making a Game" starts you on one of the most flexible and powerful coding languages in a fun, engaging way. Whether you want to have some fun while developing your coding skills, or want to build the next great gaming franchise, the Comprehensive Game Development Bundle will get you started, for 97% off. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For human beings, water is an invaluable resource, which makes it odd that almost 80 percent of working Americans say they don’t drink enough water, daily. The main reason for this is that most people don’t feel thirsty. However, it turns out that thirst isn’t an indicator of dehydration, because feeling parched doesn’t occur until after people already dehydrated. In case you didn’t know, water makes up 50 to 70 percent of human being’s body weight and is a vital component for most bodily functions. Studies indicate that even 1 percent dehydration can affect mood, attention, memory. and motor coordination. Although there are a variety of reasons you may not be drinking enough water to properly hydrate, when it comes to dehydration, symptoms begin with feeling thirsty and lethargic. Eventually, it can lead to a pounding headache or muscle cramps. Luckily, Hydrant rapid hydration mix can help. Developed by an Oxford Scientist, Hydrant is a rapid hydration mix that provides the optimal blend of electrolytes with just enough sugar to turn on your body's sodium-glucose pump, so you hydrate faster. It's electrolytning in a bottle. Hydrant is the best tasting, most effective hydration blend on the market. It’s the every day, every workout, every meeting, every morning after, every afternoon pick-me-up. Hydrant uses perfectly balanced electrolytes and simple ingredients to more efficiently hydrate your body, quickly getting you to your baseline hydration level, whether in the boardroom or at the gym. With Hydrant, your body retains more water without having to drink more water. Everyone knows drinking water can be a chore, but Hydrant takes the work out of staying hydrated. What Does Hydrant Do? Existing options are slow and ineffective when it comes to hydration. They often contain way too much sugar, taste too sweet, or are filled with artificial ingredients. Hydrant has an electrolyte balance that mirrors your body’s own when you are at your best. A little sugar turns on the sodium-glucose pump which speeds up hydration. Real fruit juice provides a light, refreshing taste. Hydrant is a simple, morning hydration mix, optimized to hydrate you rapidly. It’s the best way to start your day. It's lightly flavored with real fruit juice for a subtle, refreshing taste that isn’t artificial. With Hydrant you’re getting three times the electrolytes in a sports drink, with 80-percnt less sugar. The Flavors Hydrant makes proper hydration easy and enjoyable with three amazing flavors Lime, Grapefruit and Blood Orange. These flavor profiles have been tinkered with so they’re not overpowering or hard to drink. In fact, Hydrant refreshed both the look and taste of its product after receiving through feedback from people just like you. They improved the taste of their product so it’s not only easier to drink, but also provides the benefits that keep you perked up and ready to go. Hydrant does all of this,without any unnecessary additives, so it really tastes like you’re drinking water with fresh lime, grapefruit, or blood orange. Don’t wait until thirst hits before you realize you need to consume more water. With Hydrant rapid hydration mix, you can be sure to consume around a half-gallon of water, and avoid the risk of dehydration. Take it in the morning to jump-start your day, or before your workout to achieve maximum results in the gym. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The Blue Origin-led Human Landing System (HLS) National Team just delivered to NASA a full-scale prototype of a lander that could one day carry American astronauts to the surface of the Moon. The 40-foot, full-scale mockup is made out of two different components: the Ascent Element (AE) and Descent Element (DE). The mockup will primarily serve as a platform to test out crew operations, i.e. how to get astronauts, equipment and supplies off and on the vehicle. It could also help the teams at NASA to evaluate things like cabin ergonomics, viewing angles from the cabin, and what the experience is like entering and leaving the vehicle while wearing a bulky spacesuit, according to SpaceNews. "The most interesting part of doing this kind of mockup assessment is finding the stuff that you didn’t think of," Brent Sherwood, vice president of advanced development programs at Blue Origin, told SpaceNews. "There are going to be surprises that are revealed by this kind of physical environment, when you can be in it and see it and feel it." In April, NASA awarded contracts to three companies as part of its human landing systems (HLS) project. Apart from Blue Origin, which scored by far the biggest chunk of the total $967 million, Alabama-based aerotech company Dynetics as well as SpaceX were also awarded $253 million and $135 million respectively. SpaceX was awarded funding to develop the Starship, a massive spacecraft meant to carry astronauts to the Moon's surface using the company's Super Heavy rocket. A next round of contracts are due in late fall. It's still unclear how many landers NASA will be able to support, especially considering a tight budget squeeze. "All we can control is the work that we need to do," Sherwood told SpaceNews. "Testing this engineering mockup for crew interaction is a step toward making this historic mission real," Sherwood said in a statement. "The learning we get from full-scale mockups can’t be done any other way." In addition to Blue Origin, the project is a collaboration with a number of other avionics heavyweights, including Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman, each of which are drawing experience from a number of other projects, including NASA's deep-space Orion vehicle and Northrop Grumman's Cygnus vehicle, an expendable aircraft that has resupplied the International Space Station. This is only the start; Blue Origin still has its work cut out before the lander will get even close to launching, including the development of the rocket engines powering the different stages. READ MORE: Blue Origin’s human lunar lander team delivers full-scale engineering mockup to NASA [TechCrunch] More on Blue Origin: Jeff Bezos Just Unveiled Blue Origin's Moon Lander Share This Article 
Two giant blobs made up of a swirling complex of gases and cosmic rays sit centered above and below the plane of the Milky Way. These two "Fermi bubbles," first spotted a decade ago, are clustered relatively close to the supermassive black hole lurking at the center of our galaxy called Sagittarius A*, a highly turbulent and energetic area of our galaxy. Now, astronomers have observed that these two bubbles are spitting out clusters of cold molecular gas "like bullets," according to new research. And they have no idea how. "Galaxies can be really good at shooting themselves in the foot," Naomi McClure-Griffiths from The Australian National University, co-author of a paper about the research published in Nature on Wednesday, said in a statement. "When you drive out a lot of mass, you're losing some of the material that could be used to form stars, and if you lose enough of it, the galaxy can't form stars at all anymore." "So, to be able to see hints of the Milky Way losing this star forming gas is kind of exciting — it makes you wonder what's going to happen next!" she added. The team used the Atacama Pathfinder Experiment, a 12-meter telescope scanning for infrared and radio waves, at the European Southern Observatory (ESO) in Chile for their research. McClure-Griffiths and her team are still puzzled as to what may be causing the unusual effect or if Sagittarius A* has anything to do with it. "We don't know how either the black hole or the star formation can produce this phenomenon," lead author Enrico Di Teodoro from Johns Hopkins University said. While the effect has been observed in other galaxies, our galaxy isn't spewing out new stars at nearly the same rate. "With external galaxies you get much more massive black holes, star formation activity is higher, it makes it easier for the galaxy to expel material," Di Teodoro said. There are two possible explanations, neither of which the team is willing to fully subscribe to: either a burst of star formation produced several supernovae and generated strong winds — or Sagittarius A* accreted matter and launched it out of two jets from either poles. For now, the true cause is still a mystery. "We're still looking for the smoking gun, but it gets more complicated the more we learn about it," Di Teodoro added. READ MORE: Mystery Gas Has Been Detected Shooting 'Like Bullets' From Our Galactic Centre [Science Alert] More on space bullets: A “Dense Bullet of Something” Blasted Holes in the Milky Way Share This Article 
Local authorities in the Florida Keys just approved a plan for biotech company Oxitec to release more than 750 million genetically modified mosquitoes over the next two years, CNN reports. The Environment Protection Agency approved the pilot project back in May after a years long approval process. The goal is to use mosquitoes that have had their genes altered so that female offspring die in the larval stage, meaning that populations could die off rapidly. The target, the Aedes aegypti mosquito, can carry deadly diseases including the Zika virus, dengue, and yellow fever. But environmental rights activists are condemning the plans, raising concerns that the engineered mosquitoes could disrupt and harm nearby ecosystems. "With all the urgent crises facing our nation and the State of Florida — the Covid-19 pandemic, racial injustice, climate change — the administration has used tax dollars and government resources for a Jurassic Park experiment," said Jaydee Hanson, policy director at the Center for Food Safety, a nonprofit advocacy group, in a Wednesday statement. "Their evasive answers and lack of management skills are an indictment of their unprofessionalism and arrogance which speaks loudly of an unprepared regulatory process," Ed Russo, president of the Florida Keys Environmental Coalition, added. An eight-year-old Change.org petition has received over 230,000 signatures — many of which were added very recently in response to the upcoming release — calling for the EPA to say no to Oxitec. "The company wants to use the Florida Keys and Texas as a testing ground for these mutant bugs," the petition reads. "These GMO mosquitoes could pose major risks to fragile ecosystems like the Florida Keys and Texas and may pose risks to public health and safety." Oxitec, the company behind the plan, shrugged off any possible negative effects after years of investigation by the EPA. "This is an exciting development because it represents the ground-breaking work of hundreds of passionate people over more than a decade in multiple countries, all of whom want to protect communities from dengue, Zika, yellow fever, and other vector-borne diseases," Oxitec CEO Grey Frandsen said in a May statement. Previous trials using the mosquito have shown success in killing off populations, reducing as many as 95 percent of them during a trial in a Brazilian city. But 18 months later the population bounced right back up, as New Atlas reported last year. Even worse, the new genetic hybrids turned out to be even more resilient to future population control attempts, according to a paper. Oxitec refuted these conclusions and the paper now has an editor's note, reading "that the conclusions of this paper are subject to criticisms that are being considered by editors." With or without genetic modification, controlling the mosquito population is challenging. The more common alternative, spraying insecticides, has shown to have its own environmental impact and high costs. It also hasn't been all that effective in curbing mosquitoes, according to CNN. READ MORE: 750 million genetically engineered mosquitoes approved for release in Florida Keys [CNN] More on mosquitoes: Gene-Hacking Mosquitoes to Be Infertile Backfired Spectacularly Share This Article 
A team of scientists at the University of Michigan have created "biomorphic batteries" that allow robots to store energy like humans — in fat reserves spread across their bodies. The idea is to greatly increase the battery capacity of robots by mimicking the distributed energy sources of living beings, and as it turns out, the new batteries may also hold far more power than the conventional lithium ion variety. "Robot designs are restricted by the need for batteries that often occupy 20 percent or more of the available space inside a robot, or account for a similar proportion of the robot's weight," Nicholas Kotov, professor of engineering at the University of Michigan and lead researcher on the project, said in a statement. According to the team, their new zinc battery could greatly increase energy density. "We estimate that robots could have 72 times more power capacity if their exteriors were replaced with zinc batteries, compared to having a single lithium ion battery," Mingqiang Wang, first author of a paper about the research published in the journal Science Robotics today, said in the statement. They're also more flexible in terms of where they can be mounted to a robot, and can serve multiple functions at once. "Batteries that can do double duty — to store charge and protect the robot’s ‘organs’ — replicate the multifunctionality of fat tissues serving to store energy in living creatures," Ahmet Emre, a doctoral student in biomedical engineering, said in the statement. "We don’t have a single sac of fat, which would be bulky and require a lot of costly energy transfer," Kotov added. "Distributed energy storage, which is the biological way, is the way to go for highly efficient biomorphic devices." The battery passes hydroxide ions between a zinc electrode and the air through a special "aramid nanofiber"-coated membrane. These materials are found in Kevlar vests and water-based polymer gels, and are largely nontoxic. That means, compared to lithium-ion batteries, the new zinc batteries are far more environmentally friendly. But they do have an Achilles' heel: they're only able to maintain high capacity for about 100 charge cycles, falling far short of lithium-ion ones. Fortunately, replacing them would not only be relatively cheap, but the researchers say they could easily be recycled as well. READ MORE: Biomorphic batteries could provide 72x more energy for robots [University of Michigan] More on batteries: Scientists Are Renting out Giant Batteries to Areas Without Power Share This Article 
Amazon was approved by the Federal Communications Commission to launch 3,326 satellites as part of its planned Kuiper constellation. That's roughly 600 more satellites than the total number currently in orbit, as The New York Times reports. But who's counting? Astronomers are. And they're worried. The news comes just a week after SpaceX launched its latest batch of 57 Starlink satellites, bringing the total number up to just shy of 600 already in orbit. The reflective micro satellites have been photobombing astronomical observations of the night sky ever since they started being launched by SpaceX, appearing as bright streaks of light. "We don’t yet have any kind of industrywide guidelines," Michele Bannister, planetary astronomer at the University of Canterbury in New Zealand, told the Times. "We don’t have an industry body that’s producing good corporate citizenship on the part of all of these enthusiastic companies that want to launch, and we don’t have any regulatory setup in place that’s providing clear guidelines back to the industry," Bannister added. "To me, honestly, it feels like putting a bunch of planes up and then not having air traffic control." Problems are likely to persist as companies like SpaceX and Amazon continue to litter the night sky with thousands, if not tens of thousands, of their satellites. While SpaceX has tried non-reflective coating and a sunshade to stop reflecting light, a fully effective solution has yet to be demonstrated. An Amazon spokesperson also told the Times that "reflectivity is a key consideration in our design and development process." Astronomers, however, are calling for national regulators to step up to the plate and make sure ground-based astronomy can survive this new trend. Whether or not they will — much like a potential clear night sky in the future — remains to be seen. READ MORE: Amazon Satellites Add to Astronomers’ Worries About the Night Sky [The New York Times] More on Starlink: SpaceX’s Starlink Satellites Ruined This Photo of the NEOWISE Comet Share This Article 
A team of Stanford researchers have created a tiny "hydrodynamic treadmill," essentially an endless loop of water, to closely observe the behavior of marine microorganisms. "This is a completely new way of studying life in the ocean," Deepak Krishnamurthy, Stanford mechanical engineering PhD student, and first author of the paper published in Nature Methods on Monday, said in a statement. "It opens scientific possibilities we had only dreamed of until now," Stanford bioengineering professor and research lead Manu Prakash added. The idea is to study how the organisms behave in a virtually endless stretch of water — which is impossible to do by looking at a small dish with a microscope. "How do we get closer to the native behavior of a microscopic object, and give it the freedom that it deserves because the ocean is so large a space and extremely vertically oriented?" Prakash asked in the statement. "We haven’t had the opportunity to observe this life in its own habitat... or the last 200 years, we’ve been doing microscopy with confinement," Prakash explained to TechCrunch. "You’d have to have a kilometer-long tube if you wanted to track an organism over a kilometer." As the tiny critters make their way through the loop of water, a camera keeps track of their movement while the treadmill itself moves to keep them in frame. So far, the team has deployed one of the instruments at Stanford’s Hopkins Marine Station in Monterey, one in Puerto Rico, and one on board a research ship off the coast of Hawaii. "It’s fair to say that every time we have put an organism into this instrument, we have discovered something new," Prakash told TechCrunch. For instance, they observed how the tiny microorganisms are affected by gravity. "They’re all aware of gravity, and they all care about gravity." They observed how a variety of sea creatures frequently changed their swimming motion, occasionally hovering in place. They also observed how single-celled organisms behaved while swimming vertically. The team even discovered how a microorganism with no swimming appendages in Puerto Rico was able to bob up and down. "It’s as if someone told you a stone could float and then sink and then float again," Krishnamurthy said in the statement. READ MORE: This looping aquatic treadmill lets tiny ocean creatures swim forever under the microscope [TechCrunch] More on microorganisms: Astronomers Want to Use Bacteria to Mine Space Rocks Share This Article 
According to researchers at the University of Illinois, a supernova 65 light-years from Earth likely caused a mass extinction event during the Late Devonian period, 359 million years ago. The researchers found radioactive isotopes in rocks that may be able to confirm such an event, as detailed in a new paper published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. During the Late Devonian period, when most life was found in the oceans, one of the worst mass extinctions in Earth's history gravely damaged its ecosystem. Yet it's never been clear what caused it. To explain the event, the team looked at rocks that contain ancient plant spores. These spores appeared to have been severely sunburnt by ultraviolet light, likely the consequence of a long-term lack of ozone in the atmosphere. "Earth-based catastrophes such as large-scale volcanism and global warming can destroy the ozone layer, too, but evidence for those is inconclusive for the time interval in question," astronomy and physics professor Brian Fields, lead author, said in a statement. "Instead, we propose that one or more supernova explosions, about 65 light-years away from Earth, could have been responsible for the protracted loss of ozone." It would have been quite the event, lighting up the skies. "To put this into perspective, one of the closest supernova threats today is from the star Betelgeuse, which is over 600 light-years away and well outside of the kill distance of 25 light-years," graduate student and study co-author Adrienne Ertel added. The team also looked at other ozone depletion causes, including meteorite impacts, and gamma-ray bursts, but those wouldn't have caused a depletion in the longer term. They suggest that the violent supernova flooded our planet with dangerous UV, X-, and gamma rays, irradiating the ozone layer with effects that would have lasted for up to 100,000 years, according to the researchers. To confirm their suspicions, the team is now looking for the "smoking gun" — two specific radioactive isotopes of plutonium, originating from the Late Devonian period, that only could have come to Earth from cosmic explosions. "The overarching message of our study is that life on Earth does not exist in isolation," Fields explains. "We are citizens of a larger cosmos, and the cosmos intervenes in our lives — often imperceptibly, but sometimes ferociously." READ MORE: An Exploding Star 65 Light-Years From Earth May Have Triggered a Mass Extinction [Science Alert] More on supernovas: Scientists Discover That Bones Are Made Out of Stars Share This Article 
Do you have kids cooped up in your house with the itch to perform science experiments? If so, you have two options: wait for them to carry out their own experiments with the stuff you keep under the sink, or get them a chemistry set. If you opt for option one, we wish you the best of luck. But if you’re open to the second, much safer option, MEL Science kits deliver between two and three chemistry experiments to your door every month, along with everything you need to perform those experiments. When you sign up for MEL Chemistry sets, the first thing you’ll get in the mail along with your first set of experiments (more on those in a second) is the comprehensive Starter Kit. This kit, which is absolutely free with any MEL Chemistry subscription, includes all the basic equipment your kids will need to perform their monthly experimentations. That means a beaker, flask, macro lens, a stand for your smartphone or tablet, safety glasses, a solid fuel stove, and a virtual reality headset for MEL’s numerous VR experiments, all completely free with your purchase. After your MEL Chemistry Starter Kit, your family will be ready to get cracking on the new MEL Chemistry experiment sets that will arrive on your doorstep every month. Each set contains two or three separate experiments and enough chemical reagents for at least two attempts, plus step-by-step instructions on each experiment and anything else the experiments themselves might require. And if you need a little extra oomph to get your kids interested in chemistry, the upcoming “Chemistry of Monsters” kit will teach your them how to make things like a carbon snake and a foam eruption. Other MEL Chemistry sets include Artificial Sea with Chemical Seaweed and Chemical Jellyfish experiments, and Chemistry & Light, which illuminates some of the most dazzling properties of Glowing Minerals and Chemical Nebulae. Every MEL Chemistry experiment is certified safe and only uses chemicals listed as such for children by the European Committee for Standardization. The stereotype of a kid blowing up the basement with a chemistry set can’t happen with any of MEL Chemistry’s experiments, which don’t involve explosions of any kind. Every experiment included in the series has been tested by students in schools and after-school programs, and are all designed to be as safe as possible. MEL Chemistry costs a little bit under $35 per month, but with a 9-month or 12-month prepaid subscription, you can save quite a bit of money. With a 9-month plan, you’ll get one month free, and with a 12-month plan, you’ll get three months free, which saves you more than $104. Your plan can be paused and resumed at any time, and shipping is always 100-percent free. So if you're ready to turn your happy home into a (safe) scientist's laboratory, learn more about MEL Science Kits and sign up for a monthly or yearly plan now. Your first delivery will arrive about two weeks after your order, and if for some reason you aren't satisfied there's a 100-percent money-back guarantee. So why wait? Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to fitness, it is not easy to go it alone. That’s why so many people join gyms. Not only do they offer structure and expert guidance, but gyms also provide a social component that is crucial to keeping you motivated and inspired. Of course, thanks to the pandemic, going to the gym where a bunch of people are breathing heavily all over everything is not a very smart idea. However, that doesn’t mean you have to give up on fitness and become one with your couch. and thanks to a high tech fitness screen called the Tempo Studio workout system, you can actually get a premium gym experience right in the comfort of your own home. The COVID-19 pandemic has created a huge demand for at-home fitness solutions. And obviously, there are a lot of them out there. However, there is nothing quite like the Tempo Studio fitness screen. If your fitness routine has fizzled over the last few months, and you love high-tech gadgets, this might just be a match made in heaven. The Tempo Studio is an all-in-one home workout system that combines incredible technology of a high tech fitness screen with an innovative, stylish, space-saving design. Created to give you nearly all the benefits of joining a gym without having to leave the house, the easel-shaped device features an incredible 42-inch HD touchscreen display, 60w stereo speakers, and a time-of-flight motion sensor, enabling you to take live and on-demand fitness classes taught by top instructors and get real-time feedback. In addition to all the high-tech features, the Tempo Studio fitness screen also comes with a full array of premium workout equipment that stores neatly in its high tensile aluminum frame. This equipment includes a barbell, plates, dumbbells, workout mat, recovery roller, and heart rate monitor. However, this system is still amazingly compact. The Tempo Studio stands just six feet tall, takes up a mere three square feet of floor space, and requires only five clear feet to use. That means you can put the Tempo Studio just about anywhere. Sounds awesome, right? Well, we’re just getting started. Are you ready to take your workouts to the next level? The Tempo Studio uses 3D motion capture and artificial intelligence to provide biomechanical analysis and insights previously only available to elite professional athletes. The Tempo Vision motion capture system uses a time-of-flight motion sensor that emits 30 pulses of infrared light per second to generate a complex 3D model of your body with over 80,000 individual points. After that, Tempo’s advanced AI takes this raw model and condenses to 25 essential joints. The system then tracks these 25 joints, counts your reps, monitors your heart rate, makes weight recommendations, and analyzes your form. During live classes, coaches are notified in real-time when you make a mistake so they can tell you to straighten your back, or keep your knees over your toes. During on-demand classes, the AI provides the feedback, providing personalized notes and easy‐to‐grasp visual cues on the screen, exactly when you need them. So with the Tempo Studio, you’ll always know you are using the proper technique. As you probably know, a lot of home workout systems only focus on one specific type of workout. Some only let you bike. Some only let you run. Some only let you row. Luckily, the Tempo Studio is way more versatile. With a monthly Tempo Studio membership, you get unlimited access to hundreds of on-demand and live classes in strength training, high-intensity interval training, mobility, cardio, and recovery. For those who thrive on competition, there is even a challenge mode that lets you test your strength and endurance against other Tempo Studio users. Tempo Studio classes are taught by some of the most sought-after trainers in the industry, all of whom have years of high-performance athletic and fitness experience. Normally, you’d have to live in L.A. or New York to workout with people like this. But the Tempo Studio brings them right into your living room. Are you ready for personalized AI-powered workouts in the comfort of your own home hosted by some of the best trainers in the world? Well, here’s some good news. You can try the Tempo Studio free for 30 days. If you’re not happy, just send it back for a full refund. If you are happy, keep it and take advantage of Tempo Studio’s 0% APR financing for 36 months. Click here to order your Tempo Studio today. Your body will thank you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of Harvard astronomers have a wild new theory: the Sun used to have a companion star, making our solar system a binary one during its ancient history. The astronomers say the theory could explain the formation of the Oort cloud, a theoretical cloud of dust and smaller objects in the distant regions of our solar system that many believe was created out of the left overs from the early solar system. In a new preprint submitted last month to the preprint archive arXiv, the team suggests that the Sun used to have a long lost binary star companion. Such a system could explain how some objects were scattered to the far reaches of the solar system, sometimes even making it to neighboring systems and vice versa. "Previous models have had difficulty producing the expected ratio between scattered disk objects and outer Oort cloud objects," Amir Siraj, a Harvard undergraduate student involved in the research, said in a statement. "The binary capture model offers significant improvement and refinement, which is seemingly obvious in retrospect: most Sun-like stars are born with binary companions." A binary star system would be far more likely to capture the Oort cloud. "Binary systems are far more efficient at capturing objects than are single stars," co-author Avi Loeb said in the statement. "If the Oort cloud formed as observed, it would imply that the Sun did in fact have a companion of similar mass that was lost before the Sun left its birth cluster." The theory could also have sweeping implications of how life came to be on Earth. "Objects in the outer Oort Cloud may have played important roles in Earth's history, such as possibly delivering water to Earth and causing the extinction of the dinosaurs," said Siraj. The implications don't end there. Some astronomers believe our solar system is hiding a ninth major planet from us, dubbed Planet Nine. This potential planet so far has been hypothesized to be anything from a massive super-Earth planet to a collection of over 100 "minor planets" found well beyond the orbit of Neptune — or even a tiny black hole. The astronomers want to use the upcoming Vera C Rubin Observatory (VRO), slated to begin operations early next year, to confirm the existence of Planet Nine — and other potential "trans-Neptunian objects" like it. "It is unclear where they came from, and our new model predicts that there should be more objects with a similar orbital orientation to Planet Nine," Loeb said. "If the VRO verifies the existence of Planet Nine, and a captured origin, and also finds a population of similarly captured dwarf planets, then the binary model will be favored over the lone stellar history that has been long-assumed," Siraj argued. The team suggests that the Sun's long lost binary companion would have been removed by other stars, born alongside our Sun in the same cluster, through their gravitational influence. "The Sun's long-lost companion could now be anywhere in the Milky Way," Siraj said. READ MORE: The sun may have started its life with a binary companion [Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics] More on Planet Nine: Astronomers Want to Figure Out What the Hell Planet Nine Is Share This Article 
Not even a decade ago, scientists discovered a bizarre new state of matter in which atoms arranged themselves in a repeating pattern, similar to what you'd find in a crystal metal or rock. But rather than only being arranged in a pattern in space, these atoms were in constant motion over time as well. And that's how they got their fantastical name: "time crystals." The unusual phenomenon has only been observed a handful of times since synthesizing time crystals for the first time — but now, an international team of researchers have achieved the next breakthrough: they've observed two time crystals interacting with each other. "Controlling the interaction of two time crystals is a major achievement," Samuli Autti from Lancaster University, lead author of an article about the work published in the journal Nature Materials, said in a statement. "Before this, nobody had observed two time crystals in the same system, let alone seen them interact." This means that we could be one step closer to actually taking advantage of time crystals, likely within atomic clocks. Atomic clocks measure time far more accurately than a standard clock by using minuscule changes in frequencies, and have been used in the creation of GPS. The team also suggests that their experiment proves that time crystals "obey the general dynamics of quantum mechanics" and that it should be further investigated whether they could be applied in the field of quantum information processing. To make their observation, the team observed a rare helium isotope called Helium-3, which has one missing neutron, at within one ten thousandth of a degree from absolute zero (-273.15 degrees Celsius). At these cold temperatures, helium forms a "superfluid," behaving like a liquid with zero viscosity. In this state, the researchers created two time crystals and allowed them to touch each other. For the first time, they observed particles flowing back and forth from one crystal to the other. In physics, that's known as the "Josephson effect" — when a current flows uninterrupted without any voltage being applied, usually observed with two or more superconductors. READ MORE: First ever observation of 'time crystals' interacting [Lancaster University] More on time crystals: Physicists Created the First-Ever Time Crystals Share This Article 
If you've used the internet today, you've almost certainly used Java. According to the TIOBE programming community index, which tracks how popular each programming language is, Java is consistently one of the top ten programming languages across the world. And if you're planning to join the ranks of coders, Java will need to be in your arsenal. Java's popularity hinges on the fact that it's easy for computers to use; as long as there's a Java Runtime Environment (JRE) installed, Java programs can function. It's also flexible, powerful, and, most importantly for those new to computer science and IT, simple to read and write once you understand the principles of computer science. That also makes it ideal for new programmers and those looking to refresh their skills to get up to speed with the 2020 Java Bootcamp Bundle, which is just $35.99 for a limited time. Each course is roughly an hour, divided into 12 to 14 lessons, and has you learn by doing, so you're never lost in the code. And since the classes are short, it's ideal to get started on a career switch or brush-up with a minimum of time commitment. Completely new to Java? Still not sure if a terminal is where you code or catch a plane? This bundle starts off with a detailed introduction to Java built for students who don't have a background in programming or computer science. It'll walk you through the Java environment, teach you how to write a basic program, and get you settled for future success. Then you'll move on to Java Basics, which looks at the most useful Java syntax elements, how to write classes in Java, and the basics of object-oriented programming. Finally, you'll learn about Java objects and classes, and learn how to build programs. If you're comfortable with the basics, but need to learn how Java has changed since you've picked it up, or simply need to know how to apply the principles of programming to Java, more advanced courses are a good place to start. You can start with a course on Comparisons & Control Structures, which will show you how a program "flows" through Java and how to direct it. From there, you'll explore arrays, which is how Java stores variables of the same type, which will push your Java programming to the next step. Finally, you'll learn how inheritance functions in Inheritance 101, which explores how Java uses hierarchies to keep the flow of information manageable and easier for human users to handle.  The final four courses explore more advanced Java techniques. Interfaces will teach you how to make programs anyone can interact with while tucking away the details behind the scenes. Exceptions Classes Explained will teach you how to program classes that, when extraordinary circumstances come up, keep the program running and the user happy, while also keeping those circumstances to an absolute minimum. Collections 101 will introduce you to collections, which open the door to more efficient methods of storing and manipulating classes of objects to create faster, easier to use programs. And finally, you'll learn about Inner Classes, a powerful organizational tool to group classes that keeps your code clean, easy to read, and easier to use. As you can see, Java is a flexible, powerful tool to add to your repertoire. Whether you're looking to pick up a new language to bolster your resume, or want to learn the engine behind your favorite websites, at 96% off, the 2020 Java Bootcamp Bundle will get you up to speed, fast. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA just powered up its Ingenuity Mars helicopter for the first time — not on the Martian surface, but during its long journey through interplanetary space. NASA's Mars 2020 mission, comprised of the Perseverance rover with the helicopter in tow, launched on July 30. Then, just over a week later, the space agency powered up the helicopter's lithium-ion batteries and started charging them, according to a NASA statement. The helicopter charged up to 35 percent over an eight hour period. The team found that this charge state is ideal during its six month journey to Mars. "This was a big milestone, as it was our first opportunity to turn on Ingenuity and give its electronics a 'test drive' since we launched on July 30," said Tim Canham, the operations lead for Mars Helicopter at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, in the statement. "Since everything went by the book, we'll perform the same activity about every two weeks to maintain an acceptable state of charge." It's one more step on the road to what NASA hopes will be humankind's first flight on an alien world. "This charge activity shows we have survived launch and that so far we can handle the harsh environment of interplanetary space," MiMi Aung, the Ingenuity Mars Helicopter project manager, added. "We have a lot more firsts to go before we can attempt the first experimental flight test on another planet, but right now we are all feeling very good about the future." READ MORE: NASA powers up Ingenuity Mars helicopter in space for the 1st time [Space.com] More on the helicopter: NASA’s Mars Helicopter Could Revolutionize Off-Planet Exploration Share This Article 
If you’re not satisfied with the way your music, podcasts, or other types of audio sound in your home, it might be time to upgrade your sound system with something a little more sophisticated than a cheap smartphone speaker dock. And if that's the case, Sonos is one of the most trusted names in home audio. With Sonos, you can connect two or more speakers together so they’re always synchronized. That means you can walk into any room in your house without missing any crucial guitar solos or conversational asides, all with crystal clear, high-quality audio. You can also sync up your speakers to your TV or home theater, allowing you to pipe audio from, say, a football game, into every room. It's a novel solution to the problem of limited living room couch space during Super Bowl parties. And your new speakers can all be controlled via the Sonos smartphone app, so you don't have to be near the speaker to control it. Sonos speakers are designed to fill any room with sound, but not just any sound. All of Sonos’ products were designed by experts in the fields of acoustics and engineering with the goal of putting sound first and foremost. Some big names in the field of music have also offered creative input: Rick Rubin, Nigel Goodrich, and notable audio mastering engineer Emily Lazar are just some of those names. All of these collaborators worked closely with Sound Experience Leader Giles Martin to make sure that Sonos speakers closely duplicate and preserve the emotional and technical intentions of all recording artists. One of the ways this is accomplished is through an innovation called Trueplay technology. Trueplay is described as “spatially-aware tuning technology available in the Sonos app,” and it adapts all audio to the unique spatial properties of the room it’s in, which means your music will sound as good as it possibly can no matter which rooms you place the speakers inside. And thanks to Sonos’ easy connectivity features, that will probably be as many rooms as you have. The premium and technically precise nature of Sonos audio might lead you to assume that you need to be some kind of technical expert yourself to make use of these speakers and other audio products. But speakers are also designed to be extremely easy to use: you just plug them in, turn them on, open up the Sonos smartphone app, and play. Sonos works with pretty much any online streaming service, including Apple Music, Spotify, Amazon Music, Audible, Deezer, Pandora, TuneIn, iHeartRadio, Google Play Music, YouTube Music, and lots more. And they can also be connected with voice control virtual assistants like Alexa or the Google Assistant. Another cool feature is the ability to easily start your home sound system with just one speaker, then expand it later as you see fit. And as you can see at the Sonos online store, there are plenty of products to choose from whether you’re a single-speaker neophyte or a seasoned audiophile. For example, for premium cinematic sound, there's the Arc smartbar featuring Dolby Atmos. The Arc uses upward-firing drivers to create a virtual 3D soundstage that surrounds you with audio from your favorite movies, TV shows, and games, allowing you to experience them with unparalleled clarity and power. The Sonos Five is a high-fidelity speaker for superior sound. It offers vividly clear, room-filling sound for music streaming, vinyl, and more. And when positioned horizontally, Five automatically separates the left and right channels for impressive stereo sound. For premium quality audio on the go, indoors and out, it's hard to beat the Move, Sonos's own contribution to the portable speaker category. It provides brilliant sound anywhere and is designed to be weatherproof and drop-resistant. It also offers Trueplay™ tuning, which automatically and continually adapts the sound to adjust to where you are and what you're listening to. Go to the Sonos site now for more info and to get started on your own next-level home audio system. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff (however, we do have a Sonos system at the Futurism office).  Share This Article 
Imagine you wake up one day and the way most of us communicate simply isn't of any use. Think about how many sound cues you use every day: Ringing phones, beeps and buzzes, announcements over loud speakers. For more than 11 million people, who are hard of hearing or completely deaf according to estimates drawn from the US Census Bureau, that's daily life. With the Complete American Sign Language Master Class Bundle, just $20 for a limited time, you'll learn how to fill in that gap. Knowing ASL is particularly important for first responders, medical personnel, educators, and other public employees who may interact with people hard of hearing in their daily work lives. However, as accessibility becomes more important, there's a huge demand for concert interpreters, hospitality staff, restaurant workers, and more to effectively communicate. Completing the coursework will also be good for 30 Continuing Professional Development (CPD) credits, part of many careers in government, health, the financial sector, and beyond, and even offers a certification of completion for those who need it on file. And as ear protection becomes more commonplace in loud environments, it's a useful safety tool for everyone, regardless of their ability to hear. Learning ASL isn't just good to make the world more accessible and better for people, it's good for your career. ASL's roots lie in the early 1800s at the American School for the Deaf, which worked to improve the social and economic prospects of Americans who were hard of hearing. Students at the school used a wide mixture of signs, from Old French Sign Language, to languages developed in villages around the world, and even personal signs used within families. This formed into a natural language that offers a standard form of communication that bridges gaps and creates opportunities.  This class bundle explores how to apply that to day-to-day situations. The courses are divided into three levels: Throughout the course, you'll pick up useful classes of signs, such as medical sign language, diving sign language, and more. Also included is a course on baby sign language. Very young children, hard of hearing or not, often have their ability to think and their need to communicate outstrip their ability to communicate verbally, which can lead to frustration and tantrums. However, learning to sign and use body language is much easier for them. Baby sign language allows children and adults to better communicate with each other and kids will begin to pick up the basics of the language, helping them as they go into school. ASL is one of the best tools for making a world built on sound accessible to the hard of hearing. And with the Complete American Sign Language Master Class Bundle, you can help make the world more accessible for everyone. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The world of cybersecurity is an interesting place these days. Russia's hacking Western vaccine research. The FBI's Cyber Division is receiving 300-400% more cybersecurity complaints than they did pre-COVID. And Google's blocking 18 million malware and phishing scams a day related to the pandemic. It seems as if there are more bad guys with computers than ever these days — and one of the best ways to stop them is to be one step ahead. Enter ethical hacking. The perfect way to learn what hackers know and use that knowledge to protect people, companies, or governments. Not only does studying ethical hacking prepare you to be a real-life superhero, but it also helps you become a cybersecurity expert — which just happens to be one of the most readily available, best-paid jobs in America. Seriously, it's hard not to get hired as a cybersecurity expert if you have the skills. And right now, you can study ethical hacking without needing to meet some guy on a park bench and following him to a deserted computer lab. You can simply sign up for lifetime access to the 8-course 2020 Premium Ethical Hacking Certification Bundle — now available at a heavily discounted $59.99. Let's go back to these cybersecurity expert jobs for a sec. How abundant are they exactly? How well-paid? Well, the median salary of cybersecurity engineers is approximately $140,000. And Monster.com lists 13,415 unfilled cybersecurity jobs as of the writing of this article. That's just the tip of the job-related iceberg though. It's estimated that as many as 4 million cybersecurity jobs will be open in 2021 around the world — with 500,000 in the U.S. So if you've got an interest in cybersecurity, the world is truly your oyster for the foreseeable future. Of course, a background in IT or computer science helps too, but even if you have neither of these things, chances are the more you know about hacking the safer you'll be both professionally and personally. Let's take a quick look at the 8 courses (and 60+ hours of content) included in this ethical hacking training: 1. Complete Ethical Hacking & Cyber Security Masterclass Course Learn from scratch how to master ethical hacking and cybersecurity, moving from beginning theory to advanced insights and techniques. Best of all, the skills from this course are applicable in the real world. (78 lectures/13 hours) 2. PenTesting with OWASP ZAP: Mastery Course ZAP, short for Zed Attack Proxy, is one of the world's most common tools to help assess the vulnerabilities of web applications. You'll learn how to use ZAP while also learning how to perform a deep range of security testing. (23 lectures/6 hours) 3. All-in-One Hacking Guide: From Zero to Hero Hacking isn't just a technical skill — it also relies on good old-fashioned psychology and deception. Going beyond just the technical, this course covers the theory and practice of hacking scams that target networks, websites, wireless users, and more. (89 lectures/11 hours) 4. WordPress Hacking & Hardening in Simple Steps WordPress is the largest publishing platform in the world, with over 70 million websites running its content management application. Their giant size makes them an equally giant target for hackers, but it also makes learning WordPress security a very in-demand skill. (41 lectures/5 hours) 5. Learn Server Security with BitNinja It's estimated that Linux is used to operate around 2/3 of all servers in the world. This course teaches you how to protect Linux servers with the all-in-one security product BitNinja. (40 lectures/5 hours) 6. Web Penetration Tester: Jump Up a Level in Your Career Penetration testing is at the core of many jobs in cybersecurity. Simply put, it entails attempting to ethically hack a computer system, network, web application, etc. with the goal of discovering vulnerabilities and fixing them. This course covers multiple attack types as well as how to remedy gaps in security. (28 lectures/2 hours) 7. CompTIA PenTest+ (PT0-001) Ethical Hacking Whether you're preparing for the CompTIA PenTest+ certification exam or simply want to improve your ethical hacking knowledge, you'll want to take advantage of this course's deep dive into Penetration Testing and Vulnerability Management. (67 lectures/10 hours) 8. CompTIA CySA+ Cybersecurity Analyst (CS0-001) Prep Course If you're studying to pass the CompTIA exam, this course is a must. It covers a lot of what you need to know to respond to cybersecurity threats and attacks and will help you make a big leap in your journey to become a cybersecurity analyst. (51 lectures/7 hours) Ready to learn more? Dive into the 2020 Premium Ethical Hacking Certification Bundle now and be well on your way to cybersecurity hero status for just $59.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
By modeling planets' interior using computer simulations, an international team of scientists are having a closer look at the unusual watery cores of Uranus and Neptune. Their simulation allowed them to analyze the thermal and electric processes at the core of the two ice giants since, according to a statement, these processes are often physically impossible to reproduce in an experiment back on Earth. The researchers are hoping their simulations will shed new light on the formation and evolution of these ice giants, as well as their magnetic fields. “Hydrogen and oxygen are the most common elements in the Universe, together with helium," Federico Grasselli and Stefano Baroni from the International School for Advanced Studies (SISSA) in Trieste, Italy, first and last author of the paper published in the journal Nature Communications last month, explained in the statement. "It is easy to deduce that water is one of the major constituents of many celestial bodies. Ganymede and Europa, satellites of Jupiter, and Enceladus, satellite of Saturn, present icy surfaces beneath which oceans of water lie," they added. "Neptune and Uranus are also probably composed primarily of water." Their simulations explore the thermal and electrical conductivity down to the atomic scale for mere fractions of a nanosecond. What they found was that the ice present in the cores of these giants is very much unlike the ice we're used to here on Earth. "In such exotic physical conditions, we cannot think of ice as we are used to," Grasselli and Baroni explain. "Even water is actually different, denser, with several molecules dissociated into positive and negative ions, thus carrying an electrical charge." This "superionic water" is not quite solid, nor is it a liquid — it's somewhere in between. Hydrogen atoms roam freely, while the oxygen molecules are locked in a "crystalline lattice." That'd also mean that electrical conductivity of the water inside the cores is much higher than initially thought — suggesting that these unusual ice cores could have a great effect on the planets' magnetic fields. READ MORE: Scientists probe the weird, alien water inside of Uranus and Neptune [Space.com] More on Uranus: Astronomers Use New Instruments to Probe Rings Around Uranus Share This Article 
Grilling is a timeless art that goes back deep into the heart of human history. It was probably developed shortly after man discovered fire. But that’s no reason to be a grilling Luddite and ignore advances in technology that can take your grilling game to the next level. Technology like the MEATER+ wireless meat thermometer, for example, takes one of the trickiest parts of any grilling session -- knowing when your meat is done cooking -- and makes it incredibly simple and all but impossible to screw up. And it also lets you monitor your meat's temp from anywhere, so you're never too far from the grill. MEATER is the cutting edge wireless meat thermometer that can change the way you grill forever. It works almost like a traditional meat thermometer, but no wires and no external electronics. You just insert the probe and let it do its work. And MEATER+, true to its name, adds a Bluetooth repeater to the mix, which will allow you to keep tabs on how your grilling is proceeding no matter where you go up to 165 feet away. And if you have an Internet connection and your smartphone equipped with the MEATER app, you can go pretty much anywhere and still know exactly what's going on with your grill. Your usual meat thermometer has been upgraded and possibly even perfected with the MEATER+. Its wireless probe includes not just one, but two separate temperature sensors: one for the internal temperature of the meat, and the other for the ambient temperature of the grill itself. This allows for a vastly more precise and accurate picture of when it’s time for your meat to be taken off the grill, but you don’t have to be a grilling expert to make use of all that extra data. Instead, you just follow the step by step instructions on the MEATER app, which can guide you through every part of the process. Some grillers can throw the meat on the grill and trust their instincts alone to get the job done. But for everyone else, there’s MEATER+. Like all MEATER products, the MEATER+ is built to stand up to countless sessions on the grill. Constructed from stainless steel and heatproof ceramic, it’s powered by a single rechargeable AAA battery that you’ll be able to use and recharge around 100 times before replacing it. All of the sophisticated electronics that allow it to work are housed totally within the probe, so there are no wires anywhere. The charging dock almost as sleek and elegant as the thermometer itself, made from bamboo and built to fit in almost anywhere, either next to the grill or in the kitchen. It can stand on its own, or be affixed to any metal surface with built-in magnets, so you can always have your MEATER+ at hand whenever the urge to grill strikes. If you’ve been grilling in the stone age for long enough, you can join the 21st century by heading over to the MEATER online store, where the whole MEATER+ bundle, which includes the thermometer, Bluetooth repeater, and charging dock, is priced at just $99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
From the beginning of the century, web design and development has been one of the most in-demand coding jobs on the planet. The Bureau of Labor Statistics anticipates that web developer jobs will grow by 13% over the next decade, nearly three times the average for most jobs. It's also becoming part of the skill set of jobs across any number of industries, with marketing professionals, IT staff, and product developers needing the skills, and can be a useful tool for a coding professional looking to expand their career options. The 2020 Ultimate Web Developer & Design Bootcamp Bundle, available for just $40 for a limited time, will show you everything you need to know about web design and development. Built for newbies and experts alike, it'll bring you up to date on how websites are designed, built, and deployed. The Hypertext Markup Language has been the foundation of websites from the beginning of the modern web, and you'll start by learning how HTML5 builds cleaner, faster, more elegant websites. The Ultimate HTML Developer course will show you how HTML functions, and how HTML5 makes sites better. The other half of modern websites is the Cascading Style Sheet, or CSS, which creates a separation between content and presentation. Think of HTML as a photo, and CSS as the filter you put on it. First, you'll learn the basics with Create an 8-Bit Website, which teaches you how HTML and CSS work together by building a retro game-style website, step by step. Then you'll build on it with classes like The Complete 2020 HTML5 CSS3 Course, Modern Web Design Complete HTML & CSS, and close with a CSS3 focused course, Build Responsive Real-World Websites with CSS3 v2.0.  Once you've got a mastery of HTML and CSS, you can move on to the third pillar of web design, JavaScript. JS for short, JavaScript allows you to write all sorts of useful scripts and features to make a website more thoughtful, useful, and effective. If you're new to JavaScript, start with JavaScript for Beginners: Learn with 6 Main Projects, which will show you the ropes by building and incorporating useful projects. Then JavaScript Essentials and a Web Design JavaScript Front-End Code Course will show you how to incorporate these new skills to create dynamic websites your clients will love. Finally, you'll delve into the more advanced aspects of site design, which will also set the stage for further career paths in IT and coding. The Understanding APIs & RESTful APIs Crash Course discusses application programming interfaces and Representational State Transfer APIs. These tools make it simple to incorporate all sorts of features into your site with minimal programming and fast implementation while keeping code elegant and sites operating smoothly. Python for Everybody: The Ultimate Python 3 Bootcamp will start you on your journey with Python. One of the most useful tools in computer programming, Python drives some of the most popular sites out there, and you'll learn why it's so useful in web development and beyond. Finally, you'll learn the basics of Git and GitHub with Git Essentials: The Step-by-Step Guide to Git & GitHub Mastery. Git is useful for learning new techniques and finding answers to complicated questions, as well as storing versions of your work to prevent any mistakes from getting too out of hand. It's a fundamental piece of the coder's toolkit, and ideal to learn if you ultimately want to move on to other coding work. Whether you've got a company website to build, want to change careers, or brush up on your skills, at 98% off, the 2020 Ultimate Web Developer & Design Bootcamp Bundle will be your handy guide to modern web design. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Over the last twenty years, there have been some amazing breakthroughs in physics. We've found new particles, listened to black holes slamming into each other, and just keep proving how right Einstein was. Yet it can be hard to be truly excited when you've got no idea just why this is so cool. The Fundamentals of Physics, available for just $10, will change that for you. The five-hour course, divided into 70 lectures, will lay out the basics of physics. Motion: At root, physics is all about why things move, so this course starts there, with particles and projectiles, and how to figure out their motion. Forces and Equilibrium: Here, we'll get into Newton's Laws, how they work, and why they're important. Why does a body at rest tend to remain at rest? Work and Energy: Once you know Newton's Laws, how much power do you need to apply them? That's where work and energy come into play. Center of Mass and Linear Momentum: Once a body is moving, how will it move and where? You'll learn how to figure that out. Calculus For Physics: If you're having flashbacks to high school, don't worry; the course walks you through the basics and how the ability to measure quantities over time is so important to understand the laws of the universe. It'll teach you a deeper appreciation of just why this is so important. These simple rules and concepts underpin almost everything we do, from driving to the store to working out. When you understand physics, you have a new way to perceive the world around you, as well as understand just how important the science headlines are. And at 94%, whether you're getting caught up for school or just curious about how the world works, the Fundamentals of Physics will unlock a new perspective. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Using the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) of telescopes in Chile, astronomers have discovered a Milky Way-like galaxy called SPT0418-47 more than 12 billion light-years away from our own, as detailed in a new paper published in the journal Nature on Wednesday. That's a big deal considering the entire universe is considered to be only 13.4 billion years old, meaning that the newly found galaxy is an extremely ancient remnant of our universe's very long, distant past, as CNN reports. Adding to the mystery, early galaxies are usually considered to be extremely unstable and don't resemble the Milky Way, as it is, in most ways. "This result represents a breakthrough in the field of galaxy formation, showing that the structures that we observe in nearby spiral galaxies and in our Milky Way were already in place 12 billion years ago," Francesca Rizzo, study author and postdoctoral student at the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Germany, in a statement. The team identified distinct features such as a rotating disk and a bulge, with a large group of stars packed around its center, very much like the Milky Way. “The big surprise was to find that this galaxy is actually quite similar to nearby galaxies, contrary to all expectations from the models and previous, less detailed, observations,” co-author Filippo Fraternali from the Kapteyn Astronomical Institute at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, said in the statement. The trouble is that getting a detailed look at a galaxy 12 billion light-years away is nearly impossible, even with the most powerful telescopes in the world. Luckily, thanks to a technique called gravitational lensing using ALMA, the astronomers were able to look at our universe's ancient past in unprecedented detail. The technique measures the gravitational pull distorts and bends light from faraway galaxies, magnifying it in the process. The team relied on sophisticated computer modeling techniques to recreate the shape of the galaxy. “What we found was quite puzzling; despite forming stars at a high rate, and therefore being the site of highly energetic processes, SPT0418-47 is the most well-ordered galaxy disc ever observed in the early Universe,”   noted co-author Simona Vegetti from the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics. “This result is quite unexpected and has important implications for how we think galaxies evolve," Vegetti added. The team is hoping to use the European Southern Observatory's upcoming Extremely Large Telescope to get an even closer look and gain a better understanding of what galaxies looked like not much after the Big Bang. READ MORE: Astronomers find galaxy similar to Milky Way more than 12 billion light-years away [CNN] More on ancient galaxies: Astronomers Discover Deep-Space “Structure,” 1.4 Billion Light Years Across Share This Article 
Working from home has been an adjustment for a lot of us — in no small part due to our home office set-ups. And by set-ups, we mean kitchen tables, living room couches, or wherever else we can hunch over our laptops with a cup of coffee. Here's the thing though. That sweet office monitor set-up we had back in our office wasn't just for fun or even convenience; it actually helped us work better. As WFH life is teaching us, laptop screens by themselves just aren't the best for productivity. Meanwhile, the case for double monitors — or triple — is clear. Here's the data, according to Jon Peddie Research: every 5 minutes, we lose at least 10 seconds toggling between tabs. And when compared to a single-screen laptop set-up, multiple screens can give you a 42% boost in productivity; not to mention a whopping  20% reduction in errors. This is where Mobile Pixels comes in. They make expanding your on-screen real estate a breeze, without needing an electric outlet for an extra monitor or increasing the footprint of your laptop. And right now, you can get up to 16% off portable laptop monitors from Mobile Pixels and upgrade your WFH experience ASAP. The Mobile Pixels DUEX Pro Portable Dual Monitor for $249.99 is a veteran Indiegogo favorite, raising over $1 million in funding. Just attach your DUEX Pro to the back of any laptop, and the 12.5-inch, 1080p Monitor will give you dual-monitor functionality and help you multitask with features like flexible rotation, dual-sided sliding with 270-degree rotation, and 180-degree presentation mode. Or grab the Mobile Pixels TRIO MAX: Portable Dual Screen Laptop Monitor for your 15- to 15.6-inch laptop for $269.99, or the Mobile Pixels TRIO: Portable Dual Screen Laptop Monitor for your 13- to 14-inch laptop for $214.99. Improving upon the DUEX Pro, the TRIO options make it even easier to use a portable monitor on the go with just a single cable for both power and data. The lighter, more compact design also features adjustable brightness and full 270-degree rotation. They're also designed to double up if you need — grab the two-screen bundle for either laptop size to really superpower your WFH setup. So whether you don't have the home real estate for a second monitor or you're on the go a lot, Mobile Pixels has you covered. Pick up the DUEX PRO, the TRIO, or the TRIO MAX portable laptop monitors today to watch your productivity soar. And let's face it — you want it to soar pretty high unless you miss your old commute. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Almost everyone likes to drink alcohol, now and again. And one of the main appeals of alcoholic beverages is the “social lubrication" they provide. But that social lubrication has always come with a cost: blackouts, hangovers, and myriad other negative side-effects too numerous to mention. Luckily, now there's an alternative that provides that same social lubrication without the downside. It's a new line of mood-altering non-alcoholic drinks called Kin, and it just might mean the end of hangovers. Unlike alcoholic drinks, Kin's “euphoric beverages" won't get you drunk. But they will provide you with a range of "euphoric" feelings including warm, friendly sensations, greater clarity of focus, and a better sense of connection with others. The flagship of the Kin line is Kin Spritz, a ready-to-drink concoction made from fresh citrus, spice, hibiscus, and ginger. Fans of Kin Spritz report an “awakened clarity and flow” that makes it an ideal daytime euphoric that can improve your workday and provide a sense of relaxation and calm throughout the body. It is also known to provide enhanced interpersonal connections that can lead to new relationships and new ideas. Flavor-wise, Kin Spritz combines sparkling hibiscus with refreshing citrus and a pleasing bite of ginger. It's described as “an herbaceous spritz of refreshment.” The euphoric magic works best when you enjoy the beverage socially, but it can provide a nice midday boost to your spirits even if you're alone or at work. Each single-serving can of Kin Spritz has just four grams of sugar (courtesy of the bubbly white grape juice that forms the base). It tastes great on its own, but can also be used as a mixer with your favorite juices and other ingredients. One recommended pairing is a bit of spicy Thai chili and a splash of pressed pomegranate juice. Kin Spritz will make you feel great and enhance almost any social gathering. But Kin's mood-altering non-alcoholic drinks can also boost your brainpower. This is especially true of Kin’s High Rhode, which features brain-boosting euphorics. Whereas Kin Spritz makes an ideal starting point for anyone curious about euphorics, the mood-heightening effects of High Rhode are the next logical step. The best way to enjoy Kin Spritz is probably at a party, but of course, you can enjoy it anywhere. It comes in convenient four-packs that you can take to the beach, to the park, to outdoor concerts or festivals, parades, barbecues, and pretty much anywhere else you’re supposed to enjoy yourself and have a good time. You can also order a sixteen-pack of Kin Spritz from the Kin online store, or you can save a little money and sign up for a monthly auto shipment. The unique euphoric effects of the drink will guide you smoothly into the evening, and (at the risk of belaboring this point) there will be no hangovers the following morning. Maybe the words "no more hangovers" are enough to pique your interest. Or maybe Kin Spritz's social, cognitive, and mood-boosting properties are more appealing. Either way, click here now to check out Kin's entire line of mood-altering non-alcoholic drinks. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
California-based tech company Hyperion has unveiled the Hyperion XP-1, a hydrogen fuel cell-powered hypercar with an advertised 1,000 mile range and a top speed of 221 mph. It can launch from 0 to 60 mph in just 2.2 seconds. Those are without a doubt some impressive specs — but its main purpose isn't to take on Tesla in a head-to-head. It's to generate interest for hydrogen power, according to the company. "There are enough car companies," CEO Angelo Kafantaris told Car and Driver. "We’re an energy company that’s building this car to tell a story." Instead of relying on extremely heavy lithium ion battery packs, the XP-1 generates power from large tanks of hydrogen driving two powerful electric motors. Lower curb weight, more power and longer range. Apart from the way it is currently generated — about 95 percent of all hydrogen is produce from steam reforming of natural gas — hydrogen is also extremely environmentally friendly to use as a fuel source. The byproducts are literally just water and not greenhouse gases. Luckily, there are many ways to generate hydrogen as a fuel source. "You can make hydrogen from excess grid solar power," Kafantaris claimed. "Creating hydrogen is greener than making batteries." Unfortunately, refueling hydrogen cars in 2020 is extremely difficult to do. In 2018, there were only 39 publicly available hydrogen stations for fueling fuel cell vehicles in the United States. Hyperion wants to change that. The company claims it has plans to build out its own hydrogen-fueling station network similar to Tesla's Supercharger network. The XP-1 will be expensive. Production will start in 2022 and only 300 of them will ever be made. READ MORE: The Hyperion XP-1 hypercar wants to give hydrogen a halo effect [Ars Technica] More on hydrogen cars: A Brief History of Elon Musk’s Festering Feud With Rival Automaker Nikola Share This Article 
After spending over a year of trying to bury itself into the surface of Mars to take the Red Planet's temperature, the "mole" attached to NASA's InSight Mars lander is finally officially "in" and buried in sand according to an update by the German Aerospace Center (DLR). Back in June, the DLR team pulled the mole out of the Martian soil in to check up on it, and decided to get back to drilling down into the surface. After a lengthy “hammering session” of 150 strokes on June 20, as JPL put it in a July update, the mole caused “bits of soil jostling within the scoop — possible evidence that the mole had begun bouncing in place, knocking the bottom of the scoop.” The team thought that soil fell in from the sides of the hole the mole dug. "Instead, we were pleasantly surprised to see that the Mole was largely covered with sand," reads today's DLR update. "Only the back cap and a few centimeters of the hull are sticking out." Having the mole completely covered in sand could provide enough friction for the mole to make more headway in its endeavor of reaching a maximum depth of ten feet. The success of burying the mole could also have big impacts on the scientific value of the Mars mole mission. The mole’s mission objective is to take Mars’ temperature from below the surface — and after having it fully buried, "both the thermal and mechanical contact have improved," the update reads. "So we're feeling optimistic!" The discovery came after a number of risky maneuvers trying to gage the state of the mole. "After intense discussion, the team decided to first do a push on the back cap, similar to the successful back cap pushes conducted in the past months," today's update reads. Unfortunately, the "scoop no longer fits in the pit," making such a maneuver pretty risky. After a lengthy back and forth, the team decided to scrape along the top of the buried mole to test if it was possible to push it using the scoop. "The scraping was a complete success!," the team wrote. "The scrape was much more effective than expected and the sand filled the pit almost completely. The Mole is now covered, but there is only a thin layer of sand on the back cap." The team's calculations may have gone awry due to the fact that the shovel went in much deeper than initially thought. READ MORE: Mars InSight mission: The Mole is 'in' and the ‘finishing touches’ are ‘in sight’  [DLR] More on the mole: Crap: NASA’s Mars “Mole” Finally Started Digging, Then Hit Another Obstacle Share This Article 
According to new research, half the calcium in our universe came from "calcium-rich supernova." That means the stuff our teeth and bones is made from is, essentially, the remains of dead stars that blew up a long, long time ago. "These events are so few in number that we have never known what produced calcium-rich supernova," said Wynn Jacobson-Galan, Northwestern graduate student and lead author of the new study published in The Astrophysical Journal this week, in a statement. "By observing what this star did in its final month before it reached its critical, tumultuous end, we peered into a place previously unexplored, opening new avenues of study within transient science," Jacobson-Galan added. An extremely bright event some 55 million light years from Earth grabbed the attention of the international astronomy community in April 2019. "Every single country with a prominent telescope turned to look at this object," Jacobson-Galan recalled. Astronomers were so quick that many observed the supernova just ten hours after the explosion. "The explosion is trying to cool down," Raffaella Margutti from Northwestern University and a senior author of the study, explained in the statement. "It wants to give away its energy, and calcium emission is an efficient way to do that." As it turns out the explosion spewed out an immense amount of calcium. "It wasn't just calcium rich," Margutti said. "It was the richest of the rich." They caught the event just in time to conclude that it was the most calcium to have ever been observed to be emitted from just a single event. "The luminosity tells us how much material the star shed and how close that material was to the star," Jacobson-Galan explained. "In this case, the star lost a very small amount of material right before it exploded. That material was still nearby." READ MORE: Exploding stars created the calcium in our bones and teeth, study says [CNN] More on supernovae:  This Star Appears to Have Survived a Supernova Share This Article 
For a long time, when it came to building wealth through real estate investing, there were two different sets of rules. There was the set of rules that regular people had to play by. And then there was the set of rules that the one percent had to play by. However, thanks to new financial technologies and changing SEC regulations, things are finally starting to change. Today, cutting edge online investing platforms like DiversyFund are helping everyday investors diversify their portfolio with alternative assets that only billionaires had access to before. And it is changing the way people plan for their future. For over 60 years, financial advisors have preached the gospel of Modern Portfolio Theory, which tells us that the best way to minimize risk and maximize long term gains is to build a portfolio that is 30 percent bonds and 70 percent stocks. And it is still true that, if you are only allowed to invest in publicly traded stocks and bonds, this is still good advice. However, there is actually a better model if you have access to alternative assets. For the last 30 years, institutional investors and high net worth individuals, a.k.a. the one-percenters have been allocating roughly 30 percent of their assets to private market real estate. Why? Because the private real estate market has less volatility than the stock market. And because it consistently offers higher returns. And because they were allowed to. You see, in the past, it was difficult or impossible to break huge real estate investments up into smaller pieces that regular investors could actually afford. Because SEC regulations were based on these limitations, only the rich had access to the most lucrative investment opportunities. Luckily, 21st-century fintech has changed what’s possible, causing major disruptions to the financial services industry. Crowdfunding platforms and data science in particular have made it possible to break up large scale investments, and the SEC has updated their rules accordingly. That’s where startups like DiversyFund come in. DiversyFund was created to give regular people the same financial opportunities as the one percent and ultimately help close the wealth gap. In order to do that, the company’s founders created a simple online investing platform that lets anyone invest in a portfolio of diversified real estate assets. Called Real Estate Investing Trusts, or REITs, these portfolios are managed by experts who follow a simple three-step strategy to make you money. First, DiversyFund acquires multifamily apartment buildings that already generate revenue but are in need of improvements. Second, DiversyFund renovates the buildings so that they generate increased revenues through increased rents, and continue to do so until market conditions are right for profitable liquidation. Third, when market conditions are right, DiversyFund sells its real estate assets, returns principles, and distributes the returns to investors. Thanks to this tried-and-true strategy, DiversyFund has an excellent historical return rate of 17.5 percent. And because DiversyFund actually owns and operates the properties you invest in, which cuts out all the middlemen, there are absolutely no fees. When DiversyFund says their goal is to close the wealth gap, they really mean it. Though SEC regulations have opened up a number of different alternative assets to regular people, a lot of investment platforms out there still have net worth or credit requirements that make their services inaccessible to many. But that is not the case with DiversyFund. As long as you can afford the minimum $500 investment, you are eligible. Period. Whether you are just now starting to plan for your financial future, or you are an experienced investor looking for new opportunities, don't be content to play by the old rules. Sign up with DiversyFund today and start diversifying your portfolio like a billionaire. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’ve been sheltering in place for the last several months, there’s a good chance you’re getting sick of looking at your walls. This is nothing new. Humans have been using art to spruce up their walls ever since the days of cave painting. And now you can join this tradition by sprucing up your home with limited edition prints from the Limited by Saatchi Art series, which has a decidedly more futuristic look than cave paintings. Saatchi Art curators search for artists all over the world to find the best paintings for their Limited series of prints. There will be only 100 prints in each edition, and after that, no more prints of that particular piece will be sold. Below you'll find three spaced out, high quality prints by artist Bollee Patino, which are now available from Limited by Saatchi Art for $100 each. Take a look: Patino’s style has been described as a fusion of street art and pop art. His Gold Beyond pint was inspired by the thematic subject matter of exploration, and created with a mix of acrylic, spray paint, ink, and gold leaf, giving the work a unique look that’s carried through in these high-quality prints. Gold Digger continues the astronaut theme of Gold Beyond. The artist says that this particular depiction was “inspired by a person who is on a journey of happiness and wealth.” His background in graffiti is especially apparent in this piece. Here we have our third Patino astronaut, this one “inspired from all of those who took that first step toward achieving greatness.” Like the other astronaut paintings seen above, Jumpman represents an edgy and energetic style that can bring a little excitement to your home, office, or wherever you’ve got an empty wall. The Limited by Saatchi Art series includes a few other Patino paintings, but these three are available at a lower, $100 price point, while supplies last. Each Limited by Saatchi Art print comes with your choice of frame, in black, white, or natural wood (or, of course, you can get one with no frame at all). Each frame is made responsibly harvested wood with a rich finish, the frames are designed in a “box” style profile for a contemporary, dimensionalized look that’s supposed to fit into pretty much any environment with unobtrusive simplicity. With your Limited by Saatchi Art print you’ll also get a certificate of authenticity signed by the artist and an individual number and total edition quantity. Also included in the certificate are details about the artist and the work itself. Now that you’ve had some time to think about it, you can grab your own limited edition print of Gold Beyond, Gold Digger, or Jumpman. Or if you’re feeling really ambitious there’s nothing stopping you from getting two or even all three, plus whatever other prints you might like in the specially curated Limited by Saatchi Art series -- a new way to broaden your artistic horizons without spending big money on original artworks. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In just six short months, if all goes well, NASA's Perseverance rover will touch down on the surface of Mars — where, hidden in its belly, will be a payload that could change space exploration forever. Like something out of a James Bond movie, a spring-loaded arm will flip a four pound helicopter, called Ingenuity, out of a compartment beneath the rover's debris shield. As it swings down, the copter — or "rotorcraft" — will deploy two of its spring-loaded landing legs and fire a pyrotechnic charge to release two more. From that point on, Ingenuity will be on its own, tethered to Perseverance via only a wireless communications link. And if the tiny rotorcraft succeeds in flying, its creators say, it will be a watershed moment in the history of planetary exploration.   From that point on, Ingenuity will be on its own, tethered to Perseverance via only a wireless communications link. And if the tiny rotorcraft succeeds in flying, its creators say, it will be a watershed moment in the history of planetary exploration. Not only would it be the first time that humankind has flown an aircraft beyond the Earth, but it could also be the harbinger of future missions that could soar over alien landscapes instead of crawling across them like bugs. "The helicopter really gives you a lot of mobility to go to places — up ditches, down canyons, even [potentially] up mountains where you couldn't actually go with the rover," said Josh Ravich, a mechanical engineer at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) who worked on Ingenuity, in an interview with Futurism. That hype extends through NASA's broad network of advocates, alumni and contractors. Mike Hirschberg, the executive director of the nonprofit Vertical Flight Society, says that a cadre of aerospace enthusiasts have been agitating for off-world flight experiments for decades. "I always thought that Mars would be explored by airplanes," said Hirschberg, who has previously done work for both NASA and DARPA. "So it was a nice surprise to hear that [NASA] had picked the helicopter." At the same time, the mission presents staggering challenges. Mars' atmosphere is only about one percent the density of Earth's, and its gravity is markedly lower as well — differences that made a true apples-to-apples test of the conditions the rotorcraft will face on Mars effectively impossible. In other words, Ravich and his collaborators are hopeful that Ingenuity will fly, but they're also fully cognizant that it could fail. Perseverance is still priority number one. "I think we've done a lot and we're fairly confident, but this is a tech demonstration mission," Ravich said. "So ultimately, we've accepted a bit higher risk." The project — Ravich calls it a "once-in-a-lifetime mission" — is the result of decades of research and setbacks. Its lineage traces back at least as far as 1999, when a team of aerospace engineering students from the University of Maryland won an award for their Martian Autonomous Rotary-wing Vehicle (MARV) — a design that shows striking similarities with the Ingenuity rotorcraft now headed to Mars, with two-bladed coaxial rotors lifting a square fuselage. Hirschberg also pointed to inroads made in 2002, when Aurora Flight Sciences flew its MarsFlyer, a glider designed to take pictures of the Martian surface, 100,000 feet above the Oregon coast by dropping it from a high-altitude balloon. It spent 90 minutes following a pre-programmed flight path, landing without any damage at the same airport from which it was launched. Despite their flying prowess, gliders only have a single chance to soar over the Martian landscape. Airplanes could take off and land more than once — but ultimately, Mars' lack of infrastructure doomed that concept as well. "There aren't a any runways on Mars," Hirschberg said with a chuckle. "So vertical takeoff is pretty much your only option." In 2014, engineers at JPL began with a six-inch tall proof of concept, designed to prove that it was possible to actually get off the ground in the Martian atmosphere. But when they actually tried to flying it inside a chamber designed to simulate Mars' harsh conditions with a thin atmosphere and a tether to crudely simulate the planet's low gravity, things didn't go as planned. "That model was capable of being joysticked by an operator, and the story goes that the operator, a fairly experienced drone pilot, tried to control the model one direction and it went in the other," Ravich recalled. Just like the end product, early prototypes sported two counter-rotating sets of blades, stacked on top of each other. The payload was tucked into a simulated, squared off fuselage below. It's a design that's a far cry from the quadcopter drones we're used to here back on Earth — but that's mostly due to size constraints on board Perseverance, according to Ravich. The engineers soon realized that the vibration of the super-fast blades blades required to generate lift in Mars' thin atmosphere, which spin at nearly the speed of sound, were making conventional flight nearly impossible. Later videos from 2014, as featured in a New York Times write-up, showed an engineering model bounce around aimlessly. The engineers had achieved lift, but were unable to gain any sense of control over the vehicle. By adding mass and stiffening up the blades, the engineers managed to get it under control during flight tests in May 2016, but only by programming a computer to fly it autonomously — which was a necessity anyway, due to the 300 million or so miles between the operator and Ingenuity. Next, they had to make the rotorcraft rugged enough to actually survive on Mars' extreme temperature swings. The team put a purpose-built environmental test unit through its paces, simulating the freezing temperatures of Mars at night, which dip down to a frosty -284 degrees Fahrenheit — enough to wreak havoc on electronics. "Actually, the majority of the energy on the helicopter goes to staying warm overnight," Ravich said. "Because it's so cold there and to keep mass down, we don't have like a parka on the vehicle." Those temperature swings, on top of unpredictable weather patterns, make picking a good time to fly on Mars a difficult task in itself. Once Ingenuity's ready to fly next spring, the team at JPL will have to find a balance point "between when the wind starts picking up versus how much time you've had to charge from the Sun," according to Ravich. But once the Ingenuity team gets the all clear, it's planning to fly the little helicopter up to five times over just 30 days. The first flight attempt will take it up just a few feet for up to 30 seconds. The fifth and final flight — if preceding flights are considered a success — will bring it up to 15 feet into the air and take it 500 feet away from its starting position and back again to land. Ingenuity is only the start. If it succeeds, the next step could be to scale up the next rotorcraft headed for Mars with more mass, bigger batteries, and more powerful solar panels. Key upgrades could allow future aircraft to cover much longer distances, exploring even more of the Martian surface below. For now, any such mission is speculative. But the inertia of the Ingenuity team's vision for interplanetary rotorcraft mission is already carrying forward. As soon as 2026, NASA is planning to send a unique-looking flyer called Dragonfly to the surface of Titan — Saturn's largest moon — to scout for signs of life. Dragonfly features four sets of two double rotors, like two quadcopters stacked on top of each other. Like Ingenuity, it's designed for vertical takeoff and landing — but its planned flights are far more ambitious. The Dragonfly team is planning to fly the washing machine-sized drone a number of times, covering a distance of up to five miles (eight kilometers) at a time. It will also sample the surrounding areas and look for evidence of past liquid water. In some ways, the challenges the two crafts will face couldn't be more different. Ingenuity has to battle with an extremely thin atmosphere, while Dragonfly has to lug itself through a thick soup of nitrogen — Titan's atmosphere is four times as dense as Earth's, with twice the atmospheric pressure. Despite the dense atmosphere, surface gravity is only roughly a seventh of that on Earth, similar to that on the Moon. In other words, its flight algorithms will be forged by simulations and test chambers — just like Ingenuity. For decades, NASA has been a pioneer in exploring the worlds of our solar system, from Apollo astronauts blasting across the Moon's surface in Lunar Roving Vehicles to probes touring the outer planets and landers scanning the desert-like geographical features of Mars. But flight on Mars could change all that forever. Its size may be unassuming, but Ingenuity's first tiny hops could set the stage for something far bigger. Share This Article 
Nobody likes getting old. That’s why you can walk into any drugstore in the country and find a hundred different beauty creams, oils, masks, serums, and vitamins. However, the reality is we should worry less about reducing signs of aging on the outside and pay more attention to the health of your cells on the inside. And for that we need products developed by real scientists, not beauty marketing executives. That’s what makes Elysium Health so unique. Founded by Dr. Leo Guarente, director of the Glenn Center for Biology of Aging Research at MIT, and with a scientific advisory board that includes eight Nobel Laureates, the goal of Elysium Health is to turn critical scientific advancements into products and solutions you can access today.    The products developed by Elysium Health are primarily based on two major discoveries about how we age at the cellular level. The first of these discoveries concerns the role played by a molecule called nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, or NAD+. This molecule performs two basic jobs in the human body without which life would not be possible. First, NAD+ plays a key role in metabolism by helping to turn nutrients into cellular energy. Second, it functions as a helper molecule for special proteins called sirtuins. Sometimes called the “guardians of the genome,” sirtuins play a vital role in general health, but they can only do their job with the help of NAD+. Unfortunately, what scientists have discovered is that our natural NAD+ levels decline as we get older, which is the primary cause of cellular aging. However, the good news is that scientists have also discovered that NAD+ levels in humans can be increased through supplementation of nicotinamide riboside (a highly efficient precursor to NAD+) and pterostilbene (a powerful polyphenol created by plants). The second major discovery about how we age at the cellular level has to do with epigenetics. Epigenetics is the study of changes in organisms caused by the modification of gene expression. As we age, chemical compounds get attached to our genes and affect how they get expressed. When epigenetic compounds attach to DNA, they are said to have "marked" the genome. These marks do not change the sequence of the DNA, but they do change the way cells read the DNA's instructions. One of the most common epigenetic marks is called DNA methylation, and it can be identified and tracked as a sign of aging in different parts of the genome. By taking a sample of your cells and looking at specific sites along the genome to see what proportion of the cells are marked with DNA methylation, scientists can measure your biological age. In 2018, Dr. Morgan Levine, a professor at Yale School of Medicine and Elysium’s Bioinformatics Advisor, developed a revolutionary epigenetic biomarker analysis that calculates biological age.   To address the problem of declining NAD+ levels, Elysium’s team of world-class scientists developed Basis, a patent-pending formulation of crystalline nicotinamide riboside, which the human body converts into NAD+, and pterostilbene. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, Basis was shown to increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent safely and sustainably. These elevated NAD+ levels help support cellular energy and metabolism, maintain healthy DNA, and support healthy cellular aging. Basis is designed for long-term use by adults of all ages. Each bottle contains 60 caplets. Each caplet is vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, nut-free, and contains no artificial colors or flavors. They contain 250mg of crystalline nicotinamide riboside and 50mg of pterostilbene, which has no known side effects. Elysium recommends taking two capsules in the morning, with or without food, which means each bottle of Basis contains a 30-day supply.   To give people a clear picture of how fast they have been aging, Elysium has developed the Index biological age test, which analyzes over 100,000 sites of DNA methylation to calculate your biological age. When you order the Index biological age test, Elysium sends you a non-invasive saliva collection kit. After you send it back, they extract your DNA, load it onto a specially designed DNA sequencing chip, and run it through Elysium’s next-generation technology called Algorithmic Platform for Epigenetic Examination, or APEX. This sophisticated system scans your epigenome for DNA methylation biomarkers, which it then uses to arrive at your biological age. Once the analysis process is complete, Elysium sends you a complete report that includes specific health, diet, and lifestyle recommendations that can impact how you age.   Nobody can stop the cellular aging process. But thanks to scientists at Elysium Health, we can be proactive and do something to support our healthy cellular aging process. And right now, when you subscribe to a one year supply of Basis, you can get 40-percent off the Index biological age test. So don’t let this opportunity to take control of your cellular health pass you by. Click here to see what Elysium Health has to offer. e cellular level has to do with epigenetics. Epigenetics is the study of changes in organisms caused by the modification of gene expression. As we age, chemical compounds get attached to our genes and affect how they get expressed. When epigenetic compounds attach to DNA, they are said to have "marked" the genome. These marks do not change the sequence of the DNA, but they do change the way cells read the DNA's instructions. One of the most common epigenetic marks is called DNA methylation, and it can be identified and tracked as a sign of aging in different parts of the genome. By taking a sample of your cells and looking at specific sites along the genome to see what proportion of the cells are marked with DNA methylation, scientists can measure your biological age. In 2018, Dr. Morgan Levine, a professor at Yale School of Medicine and Elysium’s Bioinformatics Advisor, developed a revolutionary epigenetic biomarker analysis that calculates biological age.     To address the problem of declining NAD+ levels, Elysium’s team of world-class scientists developed Basis, a patent-pending formulation of crystalline nicotinamide riboside, which the human body converts into NAD+, and pterostilbene. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, Basis was shown to increase NAD+ levels by an average of 40 percent safely and sustainably. These elevated NAD+ levels help support cellular energy and metabolism, maintain healthy DNA, and support healthy cellular aging. Basis is designed for long-term use by adults of all ages. Each bottle contains 60 caplets. Each caplet is vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, nut-free, and contains no artificial colors or flavors. They contain 250mg of crystalline nicotinamide riboside and 50mg of pterostilbene, which has no known side effects. Elysium recommends taking two capsules in the morning, with or without food, which means each bottle of Basis contains a 30-day supply.     To give people a clear picture of how fast they have been aging, Elysium has developed the Index biological age test, which analyzes over 100,000 sites of DNA methylation to calculate your biological age. When you order the Index biological age test, Elysium sends you a non-invasive saliva collection kit. After you send it back, they extract your DNA, load it onto a specially designed DNA sequencing chip, and run it through Elysium’s next-generation technology called Algorithmic Platform for Epigenetic Examination, or APEX. This sophisticated system scans your epigenome for DNA methylation biomarkers, which it then uses to arrive at your biological age. Once the analysis process is complete, Elysium sends you a complete report that includes specific health, diet, and lifestyle recommendations that can impact how you age.     Nobody can stop the cellular aging process. But thanks to scientists at Elysium Health, we can be proactive and do something to support our healthy cellular aging process. And right now, when you subscribe to a one year supply of Basis, you can get 40-percent off the Index biological age test. So don’t let this opportunity to take control of your cellular health pass you by. Click here to see what Elysium Health has to offer. Share This Article 
In a new study published in the journal Science of Learning, researchers showed that small amounts of electrical stimulation through specially designed ear pieces improved the adult participants' abilities to recognize foreign language tones — an effect that lasted after the stimulation was halted. "Humans are excellent perceptual learners," the paper's introduction reads. "Yet, a notable and well-documented exception is the acquisition of non-native speech categories in adulthood." By stimulating the vagus nerve using the ear pieces, the group was better able to better identify and distinguish between four different Mandarin tones, as Inverse reports. That's impressive, because differentiating between those four common tones is extremely hard for native English speakers who are not used to tonal languages. Overall, they saw an improvement of 13 percent in distinguishing an easier-to-tell-apart pair of Mandarin tones when compared to those who didn't receive brain stimulation — although the effect was almost imperceptible more difficult tones. "Showing that non-invasive peripheral nerve stimulation can make language learning easier potentially opens the door to improving cognitive performance across a wide range of domains," Fernando Llanos, a postdoc researcher at the University of Pittsburg's Sound Brain Lab and lead author on the study, said in a statement. The same effect could be generalized to learning sound patterns of other languages according to the researchers. "In general, people tend to get discouraged by how hard language learning can be, but if you could give someone 13 percent to 15 percent better results after their first session, maybe they'd be more likely to want to continue," said Matthew Leonard, an assistant professor of neurological surgery at the University of California, San Francisco and co-author of the study. The researchers are now investigating if extending the learning sessions with stimulation could enhance the effect for the more-difficult-to-distinguish tones. Similar brain stimulation of the same area, the vagus nerve, has been used to treat epilepsy in the past and is now the subject of other studies investigating whether it could help treat depression or even inflammatory diseases. However, these treatments tend to be far more invasive when compared to the non-invasive ear pieces used during this particular study. "We're showing robust learning effects in a completely non-invasive and safe way, which potentially makes the technology scalable to a broader array of consumer and medical applications, such as rehabilitation after stroke," senior author Bharath Chandrasekaran, professor and vice chair of research at the University of Pittsburgh School of Health and Rehabilitation Sciences, said in the statement. READ MORE: Scientists Discover Brain Hack That Improves Language Abilities By 13 Percent [Inverse] More on brain stimulation: Elon Musk: Neuralink Will Do Human Brain Implant in “Less Than a Year" Share This Article 
Getting things done has never been more important at work, and project managers are the ones making it happen, even now. Nearly a million people worldwide have secured a Project Management Professional (PMP) certification around the world. And as projects across industries become more complex, the need for project and quality managers will only keep rising. The Premium 2020 Project & Quality Management Certification Bundle, just $45.99 for a limited time, will show you all the many different approaches to being a PM while getting you set to take your certification exam. Scrums are perfect for smaller teams with ten or fewer members. The team divides their work into concrete goals with set timeframes, called sprints, of two weeks to a month, with progress tracked by short daily 15-minute meetings, aka scrums. The Scrum Certification Prep + Scrum Master + Agile Scrum Training and Scrum Master courses will show you the ins and outs of Agile and Scrum, from its origins in the software industry to applying it to other industries, while preparing you for the Certified Scrum Master certificate. If you're looking to build more proficiency with Agile, the PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP)® Exam Prep course will show you how to expand on your scrum skills to any environment. Looking to manage larger teams and bigger projects? The next step up is to secure a Project Management Professional certification (PMP). New to project management? The Project Management Certification Course will show you the basics of PM, how to apply it, and what you didn't learn in class. If you're an aspiring manager, or want to pick up new leadership skills, the Project Management Professional (PMP) 6th Edition Training offers 42 hours of training on all aspects of PMP skills to give you new tools and tactics to lead your team. When you're ready to tackle that certification, the Project Management Professional (PMP)® Exam Prep: 6th Edition will take you through the Project Management Institute's PMP exam; what to expect, why it's on the exam, and how you can master it to pass on your first try. Already have your certification? Deeply Practical Project Management will help you keep your education fresh and sharpen your project management skills.  The classic management educator course, Six Sigma has its roots in Motorola, where it was introduced in 1986, before famously becoming central to the leadership strategy of GE CEO Jack Welch. It's grown well beyond its manufacturing roots to become a premiere quality management method, divided into four tiers: Yellow belt, green belt, black belt, and master. The Ultimate Six Sigma Yellow Belt with Minitab Proficiency shows you how to define and master a business problem while using Minitab to track and analyze data. Next, the Six Sigma Green Belt Masterclass: Expertise on Minitab course will delve more into using Six Sigma techniques and Minitab to master statistics and apply them to business problems. Now more than ever, the risk of a project collapsing or remaining unfinished due to outside factors is front of mind. These final courses show you how to handle that risk. Risk Management Professional (RMP) Exam Prep will show you the ins and outs of risk management and the RMP certification, and how to apply it to any project, while the Certified Information Systems Security Professional applies those approaches to IT environments. At 98% off, the Premium 2020 Project & Quality Management Certification Bundle will give you the skills to manage any project, whether you want to become an advanced risk management professional, or just want to better lead projects at work. So get it done at work, the smart way, by learning project management. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
What do supercomputers, the New York Stock Exchange, smart toasters, and Android phones have in common? They're all powered by the Linux family of open-source operating systems. If you've ever used a device that wasn't running Mac OS X or Windows—or literally even used a website—chances are good that Linux was involved somehow. Seriously, over 95% of the top million domains are powered by Linux servers. It's also behind the e-commerce infrastructure of Amazon, eBay, and PayPal. Linux's small footprint also is the go-to OS for much of the Internet of Things, from talking refrigerators to toasters that put my grad degree to shame. And did we mention the Linux family runs literally all of the top 500 supercomputers in the world? Translation: jobs. Lots of them. And thanks to The Complete 2020 Learn Linux Bundle you can go from novice to serious job applicant for the current price of $69. While it once had the reputation of being for hobbyists and serious programmers, Linux rose to prominence through a combination of impressive factors. One watershed moment was when IBM, Dell, and HP decided to go Linux instead of using their rival Microsoft's OS. Linux's open-source code, lack of fees, and enthusiastic supporters were key to its growth as well. Today, Linux is the beating heart of a massive global community. Each new release of code is vetted beforehand by its members, which means bugs and other weaknesses are usually caught before malicious parties can exploit them. As a result, Linux is well-known for its stability. And since Linux is open-source, companies and anyone else can fully access and change the code to suit their needs. This makes Linux far more flexible and customizable than Windows and Mac OS X. It also means there's no corporation at the center of everything, harvesting your data and raising prices at whim. If the performance and community-centric philosophy of Linux don't entice you to learn it, then perhaps these numbers will: it's estimated the open-source programming services industry could be as large as $33 billion by 2022. And the average Linux administrator salary in the US is currently $94,757. Here's what's inside this complete set of Linux training courses: 1. Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8: Get an Overview of the RHEL Platform & Learn How to Manage Networking, Configure Services, Harden Security, and More (31 lectures & 7.5 hours of content) 2. Linux Shell Scripting: Basics: Basic Scripting Practices in Linux: Script File Formats, Variables, Loops, Script Controls & More (19 lectures & 8.75 hours of content)  3. Linux Security Techniques: Data Encryption, Firewall Configuration, Auditing Access, PenTesting & More (22 lectures & 10.8 hours of contents) 4. Linux in the Cloud: Successfully Implement the Linux OS in a Virtualized Environment with Docker, Amazon, & Azure (14 lectures & 5.3 hours of content) 5. Linux Command Line: Effectively & Efficiently Communicate with Computers to Accomplish a Wider Set of Tasks (20 lectures & 9.2 hours of content) 6. Linux for Beginners: Gain Competency as a Beginner User of Linux (5 lectures & 2 hours of content) 7. CompTIA Linux+ (XK0-004): Acquire the Competencies Required for an Early Career in System Administration (46 lectures & 22 hours of content) 8. Getting Started with Linux (CompTIA Micro Course): Learn Basic Command Line Operations & Applications of Linux (23 lectures & 4.7 hours of content) 9. Becoming a Linux System Admin: Highlight the Differences in Managing Linux Machines in a Business Environment Versus Stand-Alone Systems (24 lectures & 11 hours of content) 10. Becoming a Linux Server Admin: Learn How to Deploy & Support the Linux OS as a Server Platform (28 lectures & 12 hours of content) 11. Becoming a Linux Power User: Explore Some of the More Powerful Functions of Linux Hidden Away Behind Its Graphical UI (26 lectures & 4.7 hours of content) 12. Linux Shell Scripting: Advanced: Advanced Scripting Practices in Linux: Functions, Libraries, Regular Expressions & More (27 lectures & 8.2 hours of content) The Complete 2020 Learn Linux Bundle features over 110 hours of premium training content—and if you purchase it now you can enjoy lifetime 24/7 access for just $69. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of astronomers have observed what they believe to be a neutron star being born following a supernova first detected in 1987, in a satellite galaxy of the Milky Way 170,000 light-years from Earth, dubbed SN 1987A. Until now, astronomers weren't sure if the neutron star survived the powerful event and didn't just collapse in on itself to form a black hole — but a new paper published last week in The Astrophysical Journal suggests that it may have survived after all. That means the neutron star would be a millennial, no older than 33. If confirmed, it would be the youngest neutron star known to mankind, as Astronomy reports. To date, the youngest supernova remnant is the 330 years old Cassiopeia A, about 11,000 light-years away from Earth inside the Milky Way. Analyzing high-resolution imagery from the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chile, a team of astronomers was able to get a closer look at what was left behind following SN 1987A. They found a hot "blob" inside the core of the supernova, likely a gas cloud shrouding the neutron star. The star itself would be far too small to be detected directly, as it's extremely small and dense — the mass of 1.4 times the Sun inside a sphere that's only 15 miles across. "We were very surprised to see this warm blob made by a thick cloud of dust in the supernova remnant," Mikako Matsuura from Cardiff University who made the discovery with ALMA, said in a statement. The discovery by the ALMA team supports the new theoretical study published last week. "There has to be something in the cloud that has heated up the dust and which makes it shine. That’s why we suggested that there is a neutron star hiding inside the dust cloud," Matsuura added. "In spite of the supreme complexity of a supernova explosion and the extreme conditions reigning in the interior of a neutron star, the detection of a warm blob of dust is a confirmation of several predictions," lead author Dany Page, astrophysicist at the National Autonomous University of Mexico, explained in the statement. According to computer models, the neutron star would have been sent screaming through space at hundreds of kilometers per second. The location where the ALMA team found it is exactly where it would be today, according to the models. The theoretical star was also found to be extremely bright, in large part thanks to its hypothesized temperature of around five million degrees Celsius. It will take time until the existence of the star can be confirmed. The dust and gas around the supernova need to subside further for astronomers to say with any certainty that the extremely young star really exists. READ MORE: Hot 'blob' points to a neutron star lurking in Supernova 1987A [Astronomy] More on neutron stars: Astronomers Watch Neutron Star “Charge Up" Before Huge X-Ray Blast Share This Article 
In a much-criticized tweet on Wednesday, US president Donald Trump claimed that "NASA was Closed & Dead [sic] until I got it going again." A link to a NASASpaceflight tweet detailing SpaceX's successful launch of its Starship prototype accompanied the tweet — which is a striking accomplishment for Elon Musk's space startup, but only obliquely related to NASA. In fact, the tweet raised the question of whether Trump had accidentally confused SpaceX's Starship with last month's Crew Dragon spacecraft flight to the space station, which was much more closely coordinated with NASA. The categorically false claim drew widespread ire from the space exploration community, with news outlets like Space.com and Business Insider stating the obvious: NASA never "closed" and it was never "dead." In fact, many of its recent successes are due to decades of hard work long preceding both Trump and in some cases even the Obama administration. In a searing reply on Twitter, veteran NASA astronaut Scott Kelly also entered the fray: "Great leaders take blame and pass along credit." Many others in the space community piled on. "The Starship test the president is retweeting has nothing to do with NASA; it’s a private effort by SpaceX," tweeted Jeff Foust, a senior writer for SpaceNews. "Curious where all the NASA employees came from if they agency has been closed for so long," tweeted The Verge senior science reporter Loren Grush. "This does a disservice to the nearly 17,000 dedicated women and men of NASA," former SpaceX employee Phil Larson wrote. SpaceX's recent success returning astronauts safely inside its Crew Dragon passenger spacecraft dates back to the establishment of the Commercial Cargo Program in 2006, about a decade prior to Trump's election. The program's development grew substantially during Obama's first term. NASA's recent launch of its Perseverance rover, destined for Mars, also builds on decades of work, with development of its instruments dating back to 2013, as Space.com points out. To his credit, Trump did attempt to increase NASA's budget over the last few years, although it's still unclear how much the agency will end up getting from Congress next year. READ MORE: Trump says 'NASA was Closed & Dead' before he took charge. That's not true. [Space.com] More on Trump: Microsoft Offers to Buy TikTok Following Trump Crackdown Share This Article 
Let’s face it. If it were even remotely socially acceptable, many of us would walk around in our underwear or boxer shorts all the time. But the sartorial risks of such a choice are well known to anyone familiar with the euphemism “wardrobe malfunction." But luckily, this is a problem that simply isn’t possible with Jambys, shorts that are specifically designed to combine the comfort and breathability of underwear with the security of an outer garment that can be worn in front of other people, provided the occasion isn’t too formal for shorts. Jambys are made largely from 97-percent Modal, plus three percent spandex, all knitted together in a plush French Terry. The result is breathable, cool, yet cozy. They're also probably the most comfortable pair of shorts you’ve ever worn, since they engineered to combine the softness of briefs with the breathability of boxers and the functionality of shorts. And best of all, you can buy a pair right now for $35. Once you get your new pair of Jambys, you have 77 days (don’t ask me how they landed on that particular number) to decide if you like them or not. And you almost certainly will like them, and are equally likely to order even more. But if for some reason you don’t, you can send back for a full refund, no questions asked. We haven’t even mentioned the greatest innovation of Jambys: the pockets. That’s right, if you’ve ever been lounging around the house lamenting your lack of pockets, Jambys has two stretch pockets, one on each hip, right where you can get at them. And that’s not the most innovative innovation represented on every pair of Jambys. There’s also the “No-Crotch-Flash technology” that will prevent any “accidental peeps.” Presumably you understand what that means. Jambys come in a wide variety of color patterns, to suit whatever your chromatic preferences might be. And according to their website, they’re working on new color options all the time. And if you send them a pattern idea they end up using you might be in store for a sweet discount. So if you’re looking for a more reliable way to earn a discount on Jambys, they also have a pretty cool reward system that gives $10 off your next purchase for 100 rewards points, $25 off for 250 points, and so on. You earn 10 points for every dollar you spend on Jambys, but you can also earn points by doing stuff like starting a Jambys account, following the brand on various social media platforms, leaving a review on the site, making a video review, and more. It’s basically like a game, with the prize being a new pair of Jambys. You can start redeeming points immediately after you earn them, and unlike some rewards programs these points never expire. You can get started on earning those Jambys reward points, and find out anything else you want to know about these miracle shorts, at the official Jambys site right now. So why wait? Check them out today. You'll be gad you did. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Only two manmade objects have traveled beyond the far edges of the solar system: NASA's Voyager 1 and Voyager 2. Beyond the heliosphere, the bubble of space created by the Sun, lies the interstellar void of space between stellar systems in our galaxy. For years, astronomers have suggested that the heliosphere is shaped like a comet, with a characteristically long tail that helps act like a shield that blocks incoming cosmic rays. But according to new research, its shape could look far more peculiar than that: like a "deflated croissant," according to a NASA statement. Less comet and more like a chewed up piece of gum, or maybe something vaguely biological from the movie "Annihilation." To construct the model, a team of astronomers took a closer look at data collected by NASA's Interstellar Boundary Explorer (IBEX). The mission analyzed energetic neutral atoms as cosmic rays travel from the Sun and outwards towards the heliopause, the theoretical boundary past which solar winds can't penetrate, some ten billion miles from Earth. The team also considered data about charged particles being reflected towards the inner solar system, courtesy of NASA's Cassini mission, as well as measurements from NASA's New Horizons mission. Astronomers found that the further solar wind moved away from the Sun, it interacted with an increasing amount of material from interstellar space. With all this data in hand, the team then got to work to come up with a 3D model of the heliosphere, as detailed in a paper published in the journal Nature Astronomy in March. The result looks far more peculiar than the elegant comet-like shape from conventional models. Two jets shoot out of the center of this "croissant," caused by the solar magnetic field. The overall shape is far smaller, rounder, and narrower than the conventional model. Knowing the shape of the heliosphere could prove to be helpful in figuring out whether other star systems could also be shielded by a similar bubble, and thereby harbor life. The heliosphere stops most galactic cosmic rays from penetrating through — the ones that get through can prove dangerous, particularly to astronauts. Astronomers are hopeful that NASA's upcoming Interstellar Mapping and Acceleration Probe (IMAP) could shed more light on the actual shape of our solar system's heliosphere. The probe, slated for launch in 2024, will attempt to measure how energetic particles behave and interact with solar wind. READ MORE: Uncovering Our Solar System’s Shape [NASA] More on the heliosphere: It's Official: NASA Is Considering an Interstellar Mission Share This Article 
Gardening is good for you in a surprising number of ways. Since it's moderate physical activity, it's a good way to get some exercise in while taking in some fresh air and sun. Research has found tending to a garden helps your mental health, helping to ease your mind. Gardening is also useful for the health of the planet. Planting species native to your region creates food and habitat for local insects and animals, and of course, the more plants we have, paired with smart water management and composting, the more carbon and water vapor we pull out of the atmosphere. Yet not all of us have a yard we can dig up that useless lawn and get to planting in. The Combined Urban & Zen Gardening Mastery Bundle is designed to show you how to garden with the minimum of space, getting the most out of where you can plant while getting the benefits. It may not seem like urban spaces are rich with gardening opportunities, but you'd be surprised. In addition to window boxes and hanging plants in windows, there have been a vast number of advances in encouraging plants to grow in the strangest spaces, from rooftop gardening and turning vacant lots into green spaces, to makers competing for major prizes. The courses in urban gardening from New Skills Academy will walk you through all the steps you need to start an urban garden. It starts with how to find a site for your garden, assessing the quality of the soil, how much sunlight it gets, and looking at what needs to be done to make it a viable site. It then moves into the nuts and bolts of keeping a garden running, discussing tools and supplies, budgets, the right plants to put in, and the basics of keeping any garden growing. It then moves on to the steps to keep it ongoing, including whether you should grow crops and how to rotate crops to maintain the soils, watering and fertilizing, keeping out pests and unwanted plants, and finally composting what's left, and preserving what you grow.  Zen gardening can give you the same benefits, but it's a very different experience. Zen gardens are built on the principles of naturalness, simplicity, and austerity. Everything is precisely trimmed and every rock is carefully placed to create a sense of harmony with nature by imitating its essence, instead of seeming natural, and creating places for meditation. This part of the course will walk you through Zen gardening's place in Buddhist practice and understanding the many elements involved, such as the yin and yang of the garden, the symbolism of each choice in a garden, and the practice of Feng Shui. The course will also walk you through the practical side: Laying a foundation for your garden, building and maintaining gravel and sand sculptures, placement and trimming, budgeting, designing and placing water features, and raking and maintaining. Whether you're a practicing Zen Buddhist, or simply want to create a peaceful, deliberate space, this course will equip you with all the tools you need. Whether you just want to grow some vegetables in your window or are aiming to beautify the space you share with your neighbors, the Combined Urban & Zen Gardening Mastery Bundle will give you the mix you need to figure out how to build the best space for everyone. And at an 89% discount, it'll save you a little money you can put towards your garden's tools and seeds as well. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Are you tired of having access to websites and streaming services limited by your geographical location? Do you worry about Internet service providers, government agencies, and data brokerage firms keeping tabs of what you do online? Would you like to shop and manage your finances online without worrying that your sensitive personal information will fall into the wrong hands? If so, you need to get yourself a VPN. And right now is as good a time as any to do that, because the folks at CyberGhost VPN are currently giving new subscribers six extra months for FREE when they sign up for a one-year plan. For those who might be wondering, VPN is an acronym that stands for virtual private network. Virtual private networks provide online security and privacy by building an encrypted tunnel which you use to access the Internet. When you connect to the Internet without a VPN, every single thing you do online is recorded and can be traced back to you. Your Internet service provider, or ISP, keeps detailed logs of every single thing you do, and websites track your IP address. Data brokerage firms then buy all this information, build individual consumer profiles, and sell them to the highest bidder. Sounds great, right? Well, there’s more. On top of all that, when you connect to the Internet without a VPN, especially via public wifi hotspots, your sensitive personal data is totally exposed. That means hackers can steal anything you send out, including passwords and credit card numbers. How does a VPN solve these problems? When you sign up for a VPN, you get access to software for your computer or mobile device that encrypts every piece of data you sed out. After your encrypted data goes through your ISP’s servers, it gets routed through one of your VPN’s servers, and from there sent to your final destination on the web. Because your data gets encrypted when it leaves your computer, your Internet service provider can’t record your activity, and hackers can’t steal your information. Because you access the web through your VPN’s server, using its IP address, you stay completely anonymous. And because VPNs have servers all over the world, you can make websites think you are in a different location than you really are, unlocking geo-restricted content or circumventing government censorship. Of course, just like any product or service, not all VPNs are created equal. Fortunately, CyberGhost VPN has all the latest features you need to truly unlock the Internet while remaining safe and anonymous. When it comes to VPNs, CyberGhost is as good as they come. They use military grade 256-bit AES encryption to shield your personal data from prying eyes. They maintain a strict no logs policy so there is never a record of your online activity. They support the latest VPN protocols, such as OpenVPN, L2TP-IPsec and PPTP. They have a network of over 6200 servers located in over 89 countries. They allow unlimited bandwidth to ensure blazing connection speeds for fast downloads and HD streaming. And a single subscription allows simultaneous connection on up to seven different devices, including computers, phones, tablets, and even routers. The best part about CyberGhost VPN is that you can get all these premium VPN features for an incredibly affordable price. As we mentioned up top, right now CyberGhost has a flash sale going on. When you subscribe to a one-year plan, they’ll give you six additional months for free. Since the one-year plan is just $49.50 per month, that works out to just $2.75 a month for 18 months. Go ahead and do some research. Check out other services. You won’t find a better deal than that. CyberGhost also offers a a 45-day money back guarantee. If you’re not completely satisfied after six weeks, they’ll give you a refund and cancel your subscription, no questions asked. If you’re ready to take your online security and privacy more seriously, CyberGhost VPN is an excellent option. And with a deal like this, you’ve literally got nothing to lose. So don’t miss out. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In a news conference, NASA astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley gave a first person account of what it's like to come screaming back through the Earth's atmosphere inside SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft. Behnken described the riveting events leading up to the splashdown in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday, with up to four times the Earth's gravitational force being exerted on their bodies. "You can hear that rumble outside the vehicle," he said. "And as the vehicle tries to control, you feel a little bit of that shimmy in your body." "It doesn't sound like a machine, it sounds like an animal coming through the atmosphere with all the puffs coming out of the thrusters and the atmosphere noise," he added. The NASA astronauts completed SpaceX and NASA's Demo-2 mission on Sunday afternoon, marking the first time a for-profit group has successfully launched human astronauts into orbit inside a commercial spacecraft. And it sounds like the mission went by without a hitch. "We're almost kind of speechless as far as how well the vehicle did and how well the mission went," Hurley said during the conference. Hurley said that he anticipated challenges with the vehicle during the mission, noting that there were plenty of issues with NASA's retired Space Shuttle. "The mission went just like the simulators, from start to finish, all the way," he said. "There really were no surprises." Even while screaming through the atmosphere, "the vehicle was rock solid," even when parachutes deployed. Behnken described the separation events from the space capsule's trunk section and parachute firings "very much like getting hit in the back of the chair with a baseball bat." "It was just a great relief at that point for both of us," Behnken said referring to seeing water of the Atlantic splashing up against the water after landing. "The pizza was waiting when we made it on board," he added. Hurley also addressed the fact that more than a dozen of private boaters showed up after splashdown in the Gulf of Mexico to greet the astronauts. "We appreciate the folks wanting to participate in the event, but there are some safety aspects we’ll have to take a look at," Hurley said. "It can’t happen like it did before." Hurley also addressed reports that the pair made prank calls while waiting inside the spacecraft. "There was a real reason for it," he said. "We wanted to get a test objective out of the way which was to call the core station at Hawthorne." But after being put on standby, the pair decided to call others as well. "'Hi this is Bob and Doug, we're in the ocean,'" Hurley recalled saying. The pair also called their wives, who were together nearby. Aside from several spacewalks, the pair had a fairly conventional stay on board the International Space Station — relatively speaking. Behnken gave an account how he told his son over the satellite phone, from on board the space station, how to take care of the family's new puppy. "To just share in that journey, that odyssey, that endeavor — as we named our ship — was just one of the true honors of my entire life," Hurley said, noting the historical significance of the mission. More on splashdown: Bored Inside Their Spacecraft, NASA Astronauts Made Prank Calls to Pass the Time Share This Article 
Every day, roughly 60-million Americans drink coffee to give themselves a boost. And that’s not a bad thing. Caffeine is a nootropic substance that blocks the neurotransmitters that make us feel drowsy. This helps us feel awake and alert, boosting physical and mental performance. But what if you could do more for your brain? What if, in addition to waking it up, you could actually make it work better? Well, thanks to an innovative team of scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective, there is. It’s a smart drink called Qualia Nootropic Energy. And it is going to change the way you think about energy drinks. (Futurism Readers: Use coupon code "PROD15" for 15% off your purchase.) Most energy drinks on the market today are very poorly researched. They just combine large doses of caffeine, vitamins, and substances like taurine, which we actually know very little about. Some energy drinks also have a ridiculous amount of sugar. At Neurohacker Collective, they do things differently. Every single ingredient in every one of its products is extensively researched. They can tell you exactly what it does, why they use the dose they use, and how it interacts with other ingredients. Qualia Nootropic Energy is the result of years of research into brain function and neurochemical systems. This research allowed Neurohacker Collective to identify specific physiological processes that can be easily and quickly augmented by various nootropic compounds, vitamins, amino acids, fruit extracts, and herbal extracts. Their scientists then developed a precise blend of 12 such ingredients that are clinically proven to improve cognitive function and overall brain health. As you might have guessed from the name, the key ingredients in this smart drink are nootropics. Though some companies market nootropics as “smart drugs,” they’re really just chemical compounds that the brain consumes and uses as fuel for the various processes involved in cognition. When taken in the right amounts, and in the right combinations, nootropics have been shown to enhance neuroplasticity and neurotransmission, which in turn enhances verbal fluency, critical thinking, memory, mood, stamina, alertness, and focus. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks contain six different nootropic compounds: Unlike other nootropics supplements and energy drinks, Qualia Nootropic Energy does not use pure caffeine. Instead it uses a coffee berry extract derived from the fruit of the coffee tree. The advantage of coffee berry extract is that, in addition to caffeine, it also contains naturally occurring polyphenols that support healthy brain function. The other main difference in the way Neurohacker Collective approaches the use of caffeine is the dosing. While some smart drink makers use upwards of 200mg per dose, Qualia Nootropic Energy contains only 90mg, which is less than a tall coffee at Starbucks. Neurohacker Collective is able to use less caffeine per serving thanks to synergies between caffeine and other compounds like L-theanine and alpina galanga, which amplify the nootropic effects of caffeine. In fact, that’s true of all the nootropics in Qualia Nootropic Energy. They are all formulated to synergize with Qualia Nootropic Energy’s precise blend of vitamins, antioxidants, adaptogen extracts, amino acids, and choline donors, so that they promote efficient brain metabolism, provide neuroprotection, sharpen memory and focus, slow cellular aging, and improve neurotransmission. Want to learn more? Neurohacker Collective explains how it all works in painstaking detail. Just click here to jump down the research and development rabbit hole. Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks are designed for daily or occasional use. Each two-ounce berry-flavored shot contains just 4g of sugar and 15 total calories. Shots come in packs of 20. New subscribers get 50 percent off their first shipment, plus 17 percent off all subsequent shipments. Worried about whether or not it really works? You don’t need to be. Neurohacker Collective offers a full, 100-day money-back guarantee, plus a free cognitive assessment tool to help you track changes in cognitive function. If you don’t notice a marked improvement in your mental performance while using Qualia Nootropic Energy shots, they’ll give you a full refund. Everybody needs a pick-me-up from time to time. Instead of pumping your brain full of a random mix of stimulants and sugar, why not unleash your full potential? Qualia Nootropic Energy drinks give your brain and your body the fuel and nutrients they need for peak performance. Click here to give them a try. (Futurism Readers: Don't forget to use coupon code "PROD15" for 15% off your purchase.) Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The latest controversy tearing through the gaming universe has to do with pricing. The standard price of major platform video games is crawling towards $70, which puts gaming among the most expensive hobbies that don’t involve collecting yachts or paintings. So if you’ve ever thought there must be a better way to play your favorite games without spending hundreds of dollars a month, you’re right. It’s GameFly, the monthly subscription service that's like old-school Netflix for physical copies of video games. GameFly is a disc rental subscription service that sends you games in the mail. You add the titles you want to your queue, and GameFly sends you your top choices as they become available. You play the games you have for as long as you want, and when you’re finished, you send them back and move onto the next one, with no late fees or deadlines. And if you fall in love with a game and want to buy it, you can do that too instead of returning it, since many of the titles in GameFly’s library are available to buy at a discount. There are three different GameFly price tiers to choose from, with options to have either one or two games out per month. If you only want one at a time, you can choose between a promotional introductory discount or a one-month free trial. The former costs $9.50 per month for the first three months and $15.95 after that. And the 30-day free trial option is, of course, free for the first month, and just $15.95 after that. If you’d prefer to have two games at a time, you can get that plan for $13.50 for the first three months, and $22.95 per month afterward. All GameFly plans come with unlimited rentals, free shipping, and a $5 reward voucher for purchasing used games every three months. After six months with the service, you’ll get a permanent five-percent discount on used games, and after 12 months, you’ll get a ten-percent discount, allowing even more savings to stack up in your favor the longer you subscribe. GameFly offers games for all the major consoles and even a few classic games for older ones like the Gamecube and the Wii. They also have movies in stock, which means you might be able to replace your usual movie sources with a GameFly subscription and save even more money. Compared to buying new, the savings offered by GameFly are obvious. If you purchased just one new game for $60 each month, you’d have spent $180 over three months, while a GameFly subscription will cost you as little as $28.50 over that same period -- and the premium plan at two discs at a time will cost just $40.50. And that doesn’t include all the discounts and incentives you’ll get from buying your favorite games used through GameFly. You can sign up for your new monthly plan at the official GameFly site right now. You can also purchase consoles, accessories, and even collectibles. Or, if you have some kind of money phobia, you can just keep buying games new and selling them for pennies after you’re finished. The choice is yours. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to a new study by a group of Canadian researchers published in the journal Nature Geoscience today, a large number of ancient valleys on the Martian surface were formed by water melting below massive sheets of glacial ice — not free-flowing rivers, as previous research suggests. The new research challenges the "warm and wet ancient Mars" hypothesis, which posits that Mars was once covered in massive river systems, fed by rain and large oceans of liquid water. The study also follows a recent analysis of high-resolution imagery collected by the HiRISE camera on board NASA’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, which concluded that large rivers likely once flowed on the surface of Mars billions of years ago. "For the last 40 years, since Mars’s valleys were first discovered, the assumption was that rivers once flowed on Mars, eroding and originating all of these valleys," Anna Grau Galofre, former PhD student at the University of British Columbia (UBC) and lead author of the new study, said in a statement. To come to their conclusion, Grau Galofre and her team compared over 10,000 Martian valleys to channels formed underneath glaciers of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. To their surprise, the channels were extremely similar. "But there are hundreds of valleys on Mars, and they look very different from each other," she added. "If you look at Earth from a satellite you see a lot of valleys: some of them made by rivers, some made by glaciers, some made by other processes, and each type has a distinctive shape." "These results are the first evidence for extensive subglacial erosion driven by channelized meltwater drainage beneath an ancient ice sheet on Mars," co-author Mark Jellinek, professor in UBC’s department of earth, ocean and atmospheric sciences, said in the statement. They found only a small number of channels were likely formed on the surface — a big departure from previous research. By examining climate models of ancient Mars, they also found that the Red Planet was also likely much colder than predicted during the time that the valleys were formed. Interestingly, a thick sheets of ice could also improve the chances of ancient life on Mars surviving. The ice would have blocked solar radiation, especially during a time when Mars had no magnetic field. READ MORE: Frozen Mars? Ancient valleys show planet may have been covered in ice [CNET] More on Mars rivers: Scientists Find New Evidence of Ancient Rivers on Mars Share This Article 
Plastic waste is rapidly becoming an environmental crisis. In 2017 in the US, packaging alone added up to 17 million tons of waste. The crisis has gotten worse since China began refusing most plastic waste for recycling from the US, leading to recycling programs struggling with plastic nobody wants. When you stop and consider it takes 450 years for one plastic bottle to decompose, the scale of the crisis becomes clear. Fortunately, reusable products have made enormous advances over the humble tote bag and travel mug over the last few decades. Reusable coffee trays, straws, and more have hit the market, helping people reduce their waste. And now we can add those cotton swabs to the list, with the LastSwab, which has been singled out for praise by Buzzfeed, Good Morning America, and FastCompany. For a limited time, you can see why it's so beloved for 30% off, with a three-piece or six-piece set for the whole family. That the cotton swab you chuck in the trash adds to the plastic waste problem in the oceans is just one environmental issue around cotton swabs. Cotton, as it's currently produced, is unsustainable; the amount of water that goes into making a single t-shirt could support a person for nearly three years And in 2017 alone, 534 billion units of swabs were sold worldwide. To be fair to the manufacturers, they've been working to get rid of the little plastic bar, and replace it with a rolled paper stick. But that, of course, requires trees to be cut down and processed, which has its own problems. So if you need them to apply makeup, clean out a nook or cranny in something you own, or otherwise get some crud out, the LastSwab was designed to replace those little cotton buds with something more sustainable that you can use over and over again.  The LastSwab is designed of earth-friendly friendly materials with a nylon core and TPE plastic tips that are soft and durable, and a PLA case, made of corn, that's biodegradable. It's designed to be used and reused, with up to 1000 uses before being recycled. Both TPE and Nylon can be recycled, as well, and even if it does wind up in the trash, LastSwab estimates it will have .01% of the impact from your typical cotton swab since far fewer of them will be thrown away. The soft materials make it easy to clean; just hand-wash it with soap and water when you're done, and return it to the handy case, available in turquoise, black, blue, green, peach, and red. And if that weren't enough, there's a hard-headed, common-sense reason to buy a LastSwab as well. Cotton swabs aren't cheap. A thousand swabs alone will cost approximately $10, which seems cheap until you remember the environmental impact. Taxpayers on the West Coast alone spend $500 million a year cleaning up plastic trash off their coastlines, so you'll pay more for it, without realizing it. For a limited time, you can get three LastSwabs, with cases, for less than $9 apiece, a 30% discount. Or, for larger families, save even more with a six-piece bundle for 35% off. You'll not only save on swabs, but the money spent cleaning up oceans will also go further, helping to protect environments and save tax dollars in the long run. And since you get three, you can either share them with the members of your family using swabs the most or keep all three for yourself and reduce your impact further. Either way, it's a win for the environment, your wallet, and your grooming, all in one. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
We take our level of connectivity for granted. While many developed nations and economies have internet and major electrical power grids, developing nations are just starting to come online. The United Nations estimates that a majority of the world's population does not have access to an internet connection. Studies have also found that nearly 15 percent of the world doesn't have electricity. Even in places where electricity and all that comes with it is readily accessible, there are always new developments and technological breakthroughs happening. All of that means that the engineering sector is going to have tons of work to do in the coming years. As developing nations start to get up to speed and accelerate growth, they are going to rely on power engineers to build reliable energy systems that will bring people online and give them access to the electricity they need. You can be one of those engineers. Your path to connecting the world starts with the Ultimate Electrical Power Engineer Preparation Program Bundle. This collection of courses exists to help you build your understanding of electrical engineering. Worth though the professional instruction of these five courses, packed with 381 total lessons that will give you a strong foundation on which to chase your engineering dreams. Start with courses like Complete Electrical Substations for Electrical Engineering and Complete Electric Circuits Course for Electrical Engineering, both of which will work you through some of the fundamental elements of engineering. Dig down into the very basics of electric circuits and pick up important theorems that you'll put to use over the course of your learning experience. You'll also gain an understanding of how different components work, from circuit breakers to ground and earthing systems, all the way to transmission lines. Once you've established a strong foundation of engineering basics, you can start building up your knowledge and learn how to apply it in the field — especially when it comes to power and energy systems. The Complete Electrical Design Engineering Distribution Course is essential for engineers interested in electrical power systems, teaching you basic commands and tools that you'll interact with while in the industry. You can even gear up to work with major systems with the Complete Electrical Machines For Electrical Engineering, which will cover essentials like DC, synchronous and induction machines, as well as transformers and magnetic circuits. One of the biggest areas of growth for power engineers is in the solar sector. The solar sector has seen job growth of more than 160% over the last 10 years in the United States, and that's only going to continue to rise as more countries embrace a solar grid. The Complete Solar Energy Course for Electrical Engineering will put you on the ground floor for this revolution and put you in a position to capitalize while also helping the planet as countries look to embrace energy-efficient and clean alternatives to traditional, dirty-burning energy sources. If you have ever dreamed of being an engineer, let this serve as a reminder to you that it's never too late to start. The power engineering field is primed for growth, making this not only a great opportunity to chase your dream but to make a comfortable salary while doing it. It all starts with the Ultimate Electrical Power Engineer Preparation Program Bundle. Valued at $1,000, this five-course bundle is 97% off. That means you'll pay just $25 for the entire collection. Engineer a future that you'll be proud of, get this offer while you still can! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
At this point, we all know that our activity is being tracked across the web. Every site you visit, every post you like, and every link you click is being tracked. Companies have massive amounts of data on you that they use to build complex profiles that advertisers can use to target you. Former employees of big tech companies have rung the alarm bells about this, but little has been done to really push back against the invasive practices. The internet doesn't have to be this way. You deserve to have your privacy. Not only that, but it's important for you to maintain your own essence. When companies control so much information about you, it can lead to frightening, dystopian uses or have devastating effects if the company gets hacked. Remove yourself from the world of trackers without removing yourself from the internet completely. Use Disconnect VPN to stay safe and anonymous online. You can get a lifetime subscription right now for just $39.99. Disconnect is an all-in-one personal safety suite that is here to make your online experience safe. First and foremost, this service blocks all of the advertising trackers and other little undetectable identifiers that litter web pages. When you visit a website, Disconnect immediately goes to work making sure that the standard advertiser trackers and potentially more nefarious tools are denied access to your information. On top of that, Disconnect functions as a Virtual Private Network, or VPN. Activate it and Disconnect will establish a fully encrypted and secure connection with a server somewhere else in the world. Instead of communicating directly with websites littered with trackers and potential threats, your communications will travel through this secure connection. That means your data will be safe and can't be intercepted by malicious actors or identified by advertisers. It also obscures your location so you can't easily be identified. Without trackers in the way, your internet experience is bound to get a lot better. Those days of your laptop fans kicking in your device feeling like it's about to burst into flames because of all the gears turning behind the scenes on a website to keep track of your information are about to be a thing of the past. Disconnect provides a browsing experience that is up to 44% faster, uses 39% less bandwidth, and can greatly improve the battery life of your devices. On top of that, you'll be able to access parts of the web that were off-limits to you before. Disconnect's VPN feature allows you to navigate past region locks and experience the web without restrictions. Get all of the content you pay for with your subscription services by changing regions and enjoying the shows that are available around the world. We're accessing the modern web from all sorts of devices, but don't worry because Disconnect is everywhere. This powerful privacy tool has an app for just about every major operating system. Install it on your iPhone, iPad, Android devices, macOS machine, or Windows computer. It can keep you protected no matter what you are using. Disconnect gives you the internet the way that it is supposed to be. There's a reason that it won the Innovation award for Privacy and Security at SXSW Interactive Conference and has been highlighted by the New York Times as an essential privacy tool. Let this tool keep you safe as you browse and give you the confidence to explore the internet freely once again. A lifetime subscription to Disconnect Premium is valued at $249, but you can save 84% off right now. That means you'll pay just $39.99 for a lifetime of online protection. Don't let this offer pass, protect yourself, and grab this deal today! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Indestructible Shoes have revolutionized the shoe industry over the last few years, changing the way people think about athletic and safety footwear. But if you don’t own a pair yet, or if you do, and you’d like an excuse to buy another pair, you’re in luck. Because Indestructible Shoes just released a trio of new styles, and these high-tech sneakers might just be their best ones yet. Traditional sportswear and shoe companies have made a lot of innovations to athletic footwear over the last few decades. Thanks to the development of new high tech materials, they have made our favorite sneakers lighter, more breathable, and more comfortable than ever. What they have not done is make sneakers more durable. That’s where Indestructible Shoes comes in. As their name suggests, Indestructible Shoes specializes in footwear that can take a serious beating. Using the latest high-tech materials, they create shoes that look and feel like regular athletic footwear, but secretly have all the safety features of heavy-duty work boots, including steel toes, skid-proof grips, shock-absorption technology, anti-puncture heels, and electric shock insulation. Of course, nobody would want to wear work boots that look like athletic shoes if they didn’t look good. That’s why Indestructible Shoes puts design at the forefront of everything they do. And the results are outstanding. Indestructible Shoes look so good, people don’t just wear them for construction projects. They wear them to the gym, work, grocery store, bar, or anywhere else they wear regular athletic shoes. While we’ve featured some pretty cool Indestructible Shoes in this space before, their latest lineup might just be their most stylish yet. See for yourself below. The Flex Black is the most well-rounded of the new Indestructible Shoes. It features a classic running shoe style, with high contrast white soles, black upper, and vibrant red accents. The ultra-durable knit upper is constructed from high-tech breathable flymesh material that promotes superior airflow, keeping your feet cool and odor-free. Meanwhile, the elastic lacing system and stretchable sock-like upper make them easy to slip on and off. The Flex Black has a shock-absorbing insole with 3D arch support, extra padding in heel cup, and breathable mesh lining. It is extremely flexible and extremely light, with each shoe weighing less than one pound. And yet it still has all the protective features of high-end work boots, including European steel toes, puncture-resistant midsoles made from military-grade kevlar, and skid-proof soles to prevent slips. This might just be the most comfortable shoe Indestructible Shoes has ever made. Designed for maximum cushioning, the Fyler Black has pressurized air pouches in the midsoles similar to the classic Nike Air Max, plus premium shock-absorbing insoles for all-day support. If you spend a lot of time standing on hard surfaces, this is the shoe for you. Much like the Flex Black, the Fyler Black has an ultra-durable knit upper made from breathable flymesh with a moisture-wicking lining, plus an elastic lacing system and stretchable sock-like upper for easy slip-on. It also has reflective stripes on the side for increased visibility. The Fyler is extremely flexible and light, but like all Indestructible Shoes, it still features steel toes, puncture-resistant soles, and no-slip grips. Last but not least we have the all-new Space Black, the edgiest of Indestructible Shoes new designs. This shoe features a more structured upper than the previous two shoes we’ve looked at, with more padding for pillow-like comfort. However, it still offers superior breathability thanks to an ultra-durable flymesh, and it has a moisture-wicking lining to prevent odors. The Space Black has a shock-absorbing insole like other Indestructible Shoes, with 3D arch support, extra padding in heel cup, and breathable mesh lining. And of course, it has steel toes, puncture-resistant soles, and no-slip grips to keep you and your feet safe at all times. If you’re looking for the perfect shoe that can handle work, play, and everything in between, you need to take a look at Indestructible Shoes. And right now is the perfect time to buy, because all styles are currently 44 percent off the regular price. So don’t miss out. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Over the last few years, the folks at Mini Museum have been providing regular everyday people with incredible opportunities to own priceless scientific and historical artifacts. To date, they’ve shipped almost 1,000,000 specimens encompassing more than 150 different subjects, spanning billions of years of history, to more than 40,000 customers in 120 different countries. But their latest offering might just be the coolest one yet. Right now you can purchase a fragment of a Manhattan Project Shield Window. Or, if you happen to have insanely deep pockets, you can buy an entire window, completely intact and in pristine condition. The Manhattan Project, of course, was the code name used for the United States’ World War II research and development project that ultimately produced the world’s first atomic bombs. One of the biggest and most ambitious scientific undertakings the world had ever seen, the Manhattan Project began in 1939 and cost $2 billion, which is equivalent to roughly $23 billion in 2020. The project employed over 130,000 scientists, engineers, technicians, and construction workers at more than 30 sites across the United States, including well-known locations such as Oak Ridge, Los Alamos, Trinity, and Hanford. The legacy of the Manhattan Project is simultaneously glorious and horrifying. On the one hand, the project was an incredible technological achievement, pulled off by the greatest team of scientists the world had ever seen. It ushered in an age of unprecedented mastery of physics and nature and created a huge network of national science labs that pioneered technological breakthroughs for decades. That said, while the Manhattan Project brought a swift end to the horrors of World War II, it came at an incredible cost. An estimated 200,000 people were killed in the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings. And this newfound ability to inflict unspeakable horrors immediately changed the balance of global power and the course of human history. For good and for bad, few scientific endeavors had a greater impact on the course of world history than the Manhattan Project. And now you can own a piece of this historic event regardless of your budget. If you’re an eccentric billionaire with a fondness for ultra-rare collectibles, you might as well go big with this complete 54-inch Manhattan Project Shield Window. This specimen is a full-size leaded glass shield window from the Manhattan Project’s Hanford Site. Once installed in the T Plant Plutonium Recovery Building, engineers would look through this glass while extracting plutonium from irradiated fuel rods. Plutonium produced in the T Plant Plutonium Recovery Building was used for the Trinity test, the first-ever detonation of an atomic bomb on July 16, 1945, as well as the “Fat Man” atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki on August 9, 1945. This window is one of only a few completely in-tact specimens remaining from the Manhattan Project. It was originally sold by the government in the 1980s as part of the lengthy (and still ongoing) decommissioning of Manhattan Project sites. The yellow color of the glass is due to its 30 percent concentration of lead-oxide, which blocks blue and UV light and gives the glass its protective properties. Unfortunately, given the rarity of this specimen, not to mention its connection to such an important moment in world history, if you want to add the full Manhattan Project Shield Window to your personal collection, it’s going to cost you $3.4 million. Yes, million. Luckily, Mini Museum is also offering fragments of Manhattan Project Shield Windows in varying sizes at a price regular people can actually afford. The Manhattan Project shield window fragments come from leaded glass windows installed in the T Plant Plutonium Recovery Building, which produced the plutonium for the Trinity test bomb and “fat man” bomb dropped on Nagasaki. These fragments are a lot easier to display than the full window, which weighs in at a whopping 1,700 pounds. They are also considerably more affordable, ranging in price from $39 to $579. The two smallest shield window fragments are enclosed in acrylic specimen jars, which come in glass-top riker display boxes. Larger fragments come in black display boxes similar to those used for jewelry. All fragments come with a small information card that serves as a certificate of authenticity. While these shield window fragments are not radioactive, they do contain high amounts of lead-oxide. Thus, they should only be handled while wearing gloves. This offering from Mini Museum is your chance to own an artifact from one of the most important scientific endeavors of all time. However, supplies are extremely limited. So if you want to add a Manhattan Project shield window, or just a window fragment, to your personal collection, make sure you place your order today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
When it comes to crypto investment strategies, until recently your only real option was to buy assets, hold on to them until the price went up, and then sell. However, now there’s a smarter way to invest in cryptocurrencies. Thanks to an innovative crypto startup called BlockFi, you can actually put your crypto holdings to work earning compound interest, significantly increasing your Bitcoin, Ether, Litecoin, USD Coin, and Gemini Dollar balances over time. Of course, as you probably know, Investing in cryptocurrencies is inherently risky thanks to the volatility and unpredictability of crypto prices. Nevertheless, because cryptocurrencies have so much raw potential, and because they are relatively insulated from the ups and downs of the stock market, some experts say younger investors should allocate anywhere from 1 to 5 percent of their portfolios to crypto if they can afford the risk. Understandably, a lot of investors have been nervous to dip their toes into crypto because it is different from the traditional asset classes. However, companies like BlockFi are creating innovative wealth management products that bridge the worlds of traditional finance and crypto. As a result, crypto investing has never been more accessible. The BlockFi Interest Account (BIA) is basically the world’s first compound interest cryptocurrency savings account. Compound interest is when the interest earned over a specified period is added to the principle. In this way the principle grows over time, the amount of interest paid each period increases, and the initial investment grows at an increasing rate. This type of interest has been available in traditional finance for centuries. However, it hasn’t been available for crypto investors until now. A BlockFi Interest Account lets you earn compound interest on any cryptocurrency you keep in your account. So instead of just sitting there collecting virtual dust while you wait for the right time to sell, your cryptocurrency actually makes you more cryptocurrency. And the current rates are pretty impressive. Right now you can earn: That 8.6% rate for Gemeni Dollars and USCD Dollars is particularly important. Both Gemeni Dollars and USDC Dollars are “stablecoins,” which means they are permanently pegged to the US dollar. The high-interest rate and stable value offers a built-in way to mitigate some of the risks that come with trading in other cryptocurrencies. Earning compound interest on your crypto might be the number one reason you should sign up for BlockFi. But it isn’t the only reason. BlockFi is a comprehensive platform that lets you seamlessly manage your crypto assets and optimize portfolio allocation. Users can add funds to their account with their local fiat currency, and as soon as it shows up in their dashboard, begin trading with zero hidden fees. BlockFi also offers crypto-backed loans. Using your crypto holdings as collateral, you can get loans worth up to 50 percent of the value of your assets at a highly competitive 4.5 percent interest rate. BlockFi clients take advantage of this unique feature to do everything from paying off credit card debts and buying homes, to starting and expanding small businesses. Anyone thinking about investing in cryptocurrencies should ALWAYS consult a licensed financial advisor to make sure it’s right for them. And if you’re interested in BlockFi, you should contact your advisor as soon as possible, because right now they're offering a bonus of up to $1,000 in Bitcoin when you sign up and trade. That’s a deal you don’t want to miss out on. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
An international team of astronomers say they observed a magnetar — the remains of a dead star with an extremely powerful magnetic field — unleash a burst of high-energy radiation made up of X-rays and radio waves that have never previously been observed. It was likely a type of mysterious cosmic outburst referred to as fast radio burst (FRB), which have long puzzled astronomers. But thanks to a new  study about the strange magnetar, published this week in the Astrophysical Journal Letters, that could be starting to change. In late April, the international team spotted something entirely unprecedented: an FRB originating within the Milky Way, emanating from a magnetar called SGR 1935+2154, some 30,000 light-years away from Earth. These outbursts tend to be so bright that they're billions of times more luminous than the Sun — but only last for a split second. The discovery was made possible by the "Burst Alert System" built into the European Space Agency's INTEGRAL (International Gamma-Ray Astrophysics Laboratory) space telescope, which "automatically alerted observatories worldwide about the discovery in just seconds," as Sandro Mereghetti, astrophysicist at the National Institute for Astrophysics in Milan, Italy, and lead author, explained in a statement. FRB hunters at the Survey for Transient Astronomical Radio Emission 2 (STARE2) in the US were able to confirm the dazzling sight just hours later. The observation could settle the major mystery surrounding FRBs: whether they do indeed originate from magnetars. "We've never seen a burst of radio waves, resembling a Fast Radio Burst, from a magnetar before," Mereghetiti sated. "This is the first ever observational connection between magnetars and Fast Radio Bursts." "It truly is a major discovery, and helps to bring the origin of these mysterious phenomena into focus," he added. READ MORE: Dead star emits never-before seen mix of radiation [European Space Agency] More on the burst: Scientists Detect Powerful Radio Burst Coming From Our Own Galaxy Share This Article 
These days more and more people are using cannabinoid products for their health and wellness applications. However, these applications and benefits are so numerous and varied, you practically need a chart to keep track of them all. Luckily, a company called Goldleaf is actually making such charts and infographics. And unlike what you’re probably imagining, they look so good, you’re going to want to make this cannabis art the centerpiece of your interior decor. The public perception of cannabis has come a long way over the last decade. As the legalization movement has taken root across the country, more and more people have come to realize that hemp isn’t just for stoners and hippies. In addition to its perfectly legitimate recreational uses, cannabinoids such as THC and CBD have been shown to offer relief from a multitude of health issues without the side effects that often accompany other prescription drugs. Unfortunately, our scientific understanding of cannabis was stunted by decades of draconian drug laws. Now we’re finally starting to catch up. But there’s so much information coming in all the time, it can be difficult to understand. That’s where Goldleaf comes in. Their mission is to make the complex more approachable, dispelling myths, and misinformation with the latest peer-reviewed research. To that end, they create unique products that combine beautiful minimalist design with the most up-to-date cannabis information. These products include an entire line of informational charts and infographics on various topics pertaining to cannabis that are as elegant and they are educational. If you’re looking for a stylish way to educate yourself, your friends, your patients, or your customers on the latest cannabis facts, Goldleaf prints are an excellent choice. Goldleaf’s CBD v. THC Comparison Print is a sleek and modern infographic designed to serve as a jumping-off point for the treatment of twenty common medical ailments. Focusing on two of the most beneficial and most studied cannabinoids, this gorgeous and useful infographic shows which symptoms respond best to CBD, which respond best to THC, and which respond best to a combination of the two. This art print comes on a thick matte-finish archival paper using an ultra-high-quality press for vibrant colors and brilliant resolution. It is available in two sizes, with or without hanging rails. Click here to read more and order. In many cases, people are starting to treat cannabis like they treat wine, beer, and coffee, analyzing different strains for their highly nuanced flavor profiles. If you want to impress guests at your next dinner party, you need to check out Goldleaf’s Terpene Food & Wine Pairing Chart print. It’s designed to help you pair gourmet food and wine with the right terpenes, which are the chemical compounds that give cannabis plants their flavors. Developed with guidance from several professional chefs and culinary experts, this chart provides eight lovely botanical illustrations explaining different flavor profiles of specific terpenes. This art print comes on thick uncoated archival paper stock using an ultra high-quality press for vibrant colors and brilliant resolution. It is available in two sizes, with or without hanging rails. Click here to read more and order. Goldleaf created the Delivery Methods of Cannabis Chart print for cannabis newcomers who want to explore the different methods of cannabis consumption, as well as cannabis veterans who want a quick and aesthetically appealing visual reference for stats like onset times, duration, and bioavailability. With Goldleaf’s signature minimalist design front and center, the Delivery Methods of Cannabis Chart is perfect for dispensaries, medical offices, or the home of anyone interested in the science of cannabis consumption. This art print comes on thick matte-finish archival paper stock using an ultra high-quality press for vibrant colors and brilliant resolution. It is available in two sizes, with or without hanging rails. Click here to read more and order. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With so many people stuck at home, there are probably more amateur musicians recording music now than at any other point in history. So if you're one of them, and you’ve got sounds in your head that you want to share with the world, Soundtrap by Spotify gives you everything you need to create and collaborate in your own virtual “everywhere studio.” Best of all, you can try it for free. Soundtrap by Spotify was designed to connect artists at all experience levels and allow them to create music (and practically anything else in the audio realm) together. With Soundtrap, you can record, edit, and collaborate from practically any mobile device, and all of your projects are cloud-stored, so they don’t take up any local storage space. Even the free version of Soundtrap allows for unlimited projects, as well as access to 900 loops, 210 instruments and sounds, and more than 150,000 free sound effects sourced from freesounds.org. But Soundtrap also offers four other plans with even more options and features, so you can choose the one that's best for you. The premium Soundtrap plan, for “Music Makers” of all levels costs $7.99 per month. You get unlimited storage and free sound effects, plus enhanced libraries of loops, instruments, and sounds, as well as technical features like Time Restore, Automation, and Remote Interviews. Then there are the Supreme plans, one for advanced Music Makers. and another specifically tailored for podcasters, both of which cost $11.99 per month. Finally, the total package costs just $13.99 per month, and contains every available feature: All of the paid Soundtrap plans can be tried for a month risk-free, and subscriptions are billed annually after that. So if you’ve got any musical ideas at all to share with the world there’s, no reason not to give it a try. Soundtrap even lets you form “virtual bands” without ever having to set foot inside an actual professional (and expensive) recording studio. Whatever genre of music you specialize in, whatever ideas you have that are just waiting to be shared, Soundtrap by Spotify is one of the best ways to get them out of your head and into the heads of your listeners. Jaqueline Hynes is a singer/songwriter who uses Soundtrap by Spotify, and thinks it’s the future of music: “Soundtrap has allowed me to connect with other artists whom I never could have reached before. I believe Soundtrap is the future of how musicians collaborate and share music.” So if you’re ready to enter the future of audio recording and collaboration, click here to try Soundtrap by Spotify free for a month. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
By now most people know that the blue light emitted from our beloved smart gadgets is keeping us awake at night. However, what most people don’t know is that, when it comes to blue light, insomnia might be the least of our problems. In recent years scientists have linked overexposure to blue light to a number of different health issues, including things like blindness, obesity, and even cancer, just to name a few. But here’s the good news. You don’t have to quit your job, throw your cell phone in a river, and go live in the mountains to protect yourself from blue light. All you need to do is get yourself some stylish blue light blocking glasses from Swanwick. When we talk about blue light, we are talking about the blue hues of the visible light spectrum, between 380 and 500 nanometers. And to be clear, it’s not all bad. In fact, exposure to natural blue light during daytime hours is essential. During the day, blue light signals to your brain that it’s time to be awake, enhancing attention, energy, and mood. However, exposure to blue light at night is scientifically proven to suppress the production of melatonin, a hormone that tells your brain when it’s time to be quiet and go to sleep. When melatonin production is disrupted on a regular basis, it throws off your circadian rhythm, which is the body’s natural sleep-wake cycle. And this can lead to insomnia. But sleep is not the only thing negatively affected by blue light. Scientists have known for a long time that blue light plays a role in macular degeneration. Now, thanks to optical chemistry researchers and the University of Toledo, we know why. According to the study, overexposure to blue light triggers a chemical reaction in the eye that produces poisonous molecules that kill photoreceptors in the retina. So in other words, blue light poisons our eyes. Over time this poisoning process causes macular degeneration, blind spots, and other forms of vision impairment. Think blindness is bad? Well, there’s more. According to Harvard Medical School, there are numerous studies that suggest blue light may play a causal role in things cancer, obesity, heart disease, and diabetes. Unfortunately, with our addictions to smartphones, social media, streaming services, and the internet in general, human beings are currently exposed to more blue light than any other time in human history. One recent poll of 2,000 U.S. adults found that, on average, we’re spending 17 hours a day looking at phones, laptops, TV screens, and video games. If you assume an average adulthood of 60 years, it means the average American will spend 44 years of their life staring at a screen. Unfortunately, with so many people working and going to school remotely, and so many other forms of entertainment unavailable, cutting back on screen time probably isn’t an option for most people. That’s where Swanwick comes in. Swanwick was founded in 2014 by a pair of brothers from Australia who’d been suffering from insomnia for years. After reading about the effects blue light has on the human sleep cycle, the first products they developed were nighttime blue light blocking glasses so that melatonin production is not affected, and your circadian rhythms are not disturbed. Designed to be worn when looking at screens only at night, Night Swannies block out the full spectrum of blue light, including the 450-480nm wavelength that suppresses melatonin production. Independently validated sleep studies show users of orange-lensed Night Swannies experience 33 percent increased sleepiness, 34 percent improved ability to sleep, 36 percent improved overall sleep quality, and 37 percent improvement in feeling rested in the morning. Night Swannies come in a variety of contemporary styles, sizes, and colors, including ones designed specifically for kids, reading, and prescriptions. Click here to browse the entire collection. Given the recent scientific findings concerning the correlation between blue light and macular degeneration, cancer, obesity, and the rest, Swanwick now has an entire line of daytime blue light blocking glasses. Day Swannies are designed to be worn all day, but especially when you are using devices with screens during daylight hours. Because we all need some blue light to regulate our sleep-wake cycle, Day Swannies do not block out all blue light. Instead, they only block light from the most dangerous part of the blue light spectrum. That includes approximately 42-80 percent of blue light between 400-450 nanometers, and 22-42 percent of blue light between 450-500 nanometers. Just like Night Swannies, Day Swannies come in a variety of contemporary styles, sizes and colors, including ones designed specifically for kids, reading, and prescriptions. All Day Swannies have CR-39 lenses, a prescription-grade material that allows for maximum optical clarity. And all Day Swannies block 100% of UV light. The science is pretty clear when it comes to the danger of blue light. Millions of Americans are poisoning their eyes every single day. Don’t want to be part of that statistic? Check out Swannies Daytime and Nighttime blue light blocking glasses today. Your future self will thank you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Just about any fitness expert will tell you that working out in groups or with personal trainers is way more effective than trying to go it alone in the confines of your own home. And they don’t just say that because it’s good for business. There is a ton of research to back these claims up. Unfortunately, working out at the gym or with other people isn’t always an option. Some people need workout solutions that are more time and cost-effective. That’s why a physical therapist created MoonRun, a revolutionary high-tech workout system that you can use right from the comfort of your own home. When attempting to come up with effective home workout regimens, most people typically encounter two main problems. The first problem is the lack of space and amenities. Though some of us are fortunate enough to have large swaths of floor space they can set aside for home gyms, most people can’t do a typical cardio workout in their home without knocking stuff over. Nor can they really afford an array of expensive exercise equipment. The other problem most people encounter when trying to workout at home is lack of motivation. When you workout with other people, whether we're talking about a running group or a personal trainer, it is easier to stay motivated and inspired to achieve your goals. When you workout by yourself, boredom sets in faster, and willpower quickly melts away. The MoonRun indoor cardio training system was specifically designed to tackle these two problems. The MoonRun CONNECT is one of the most innovative home workout solutions to come along in a long time. This portable system combines traditional resistance band training with the latest motion sensor and computer programming technology to provide engaging full-body workouts in cramped indoor spaces. The MoonRun sets up just like other suspension health trainers, by attaching to a wall, pillar, or other structure in your home. However, unlike other suspension trainers, the MoonRun has a medium resistance band with an electronic sensor that goes around your waist. This waistband provides natural resistance for running, jumping, and squatting in place. It also provides an upward pull, thanks to the positioning of the anchor, which creates a reduced body weight effect. The result is a complete workout combining cardio and resistance training, strengthening your arms, chest, core, and legs while simultaneously lowering knee and landing impact. Don’t want the MoorRun hanging around in your living room all the time? Want to take it with you to the office, or when you travel? No problem. The whole system weighs just four pounds and packs up into the included carrying bag in about a minute, so it’s a breeze to carry around or stow away. The MoonRun CONNECT uses Bluetooth to sync with the MoonRun app on your phone, tablet, computer, or smart TV. In addition to tracking your workout data—speed, distance, calories, etc.—this free app also allows you to create an avatar and work with a virtual trainer that will guide you through a variety of different workouts based on your preferences. But the MoonRun app is just the beginning. MoonRun CONNECT is compatible with a number of popular third-party running apps, including Arcade Fitness, Zwift, Kinomap, and Strava. These apps let you turn your workouts into games, run virtual trails all over the world, and connect with other runners via dedicated social networks. The MoonRun Connect is perfect for anyone who wants a high-intensity full-body cardio workout without leaving the house. It's also perfect for anyone who wants to lose weight, or anyone who needs help coming up with an effective workout plan, or anyone needs gamification and social elements to stay motivated, or anyone who wants a high-intensity workout that’s easy on knees and feet, or anyone who travels and wants to take their workout on the go. Get the picture? Chances are you fit into at least one of those categories, if not more. And the best part is this system costs way less a gym membership. So don’t wait another day. The MoonRun might be just what you need to take your fitness to the next level. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In a sleek announcement video, Virgin Galactic has unveiled the cabin interior of its SpaceShipTwo space plane, a vehicle meant to soon start taking those who can afford it to the lower edges of space. In today's announcement, Virgin CEO Richard Branson called the interior cabin the "design centerpiece," claiming that his company's space plane was the "first to be built inside out." "We started with what we believed would be an optimal customer experience and then we built the spaceship around it," Branson added. "It is the rocket ride of your life," said Bess Moses, chief astronaut instructor, who became the first ever woman to enter space on a U.S. commercial vehicle during a test flight on February 22, 2019. "Space is deep, deep black, and looks endless." The cabin is meant to focus on the view without impeding the passengers from moving around to get a better look. The cabin is dotted with circular windows and two rows of racecar-like seats. Sixteen cameras throughout the cabin capture the experiences of all crew members. Each window has its own camera to capture close-ups of those looking through it in awe. In another luxurious flex, passengers' suits will be designed by Under Armour. Big picture, Virgin Galactic has ambitions to make space tourism a reality. The news comes after the company announced last year that it's planning to launch a shuttle of passengers into space, on average, every 32 hours by the year 2023. At the time, the company said that a single ticket would go for about $250,000. In June, Virgin Galactic signed a contract with NASA to start training astronauts for trips to the International Space Station. Virgin Galactic also revealed a swank spaceport lounge in August 2019 located at its Spaceport America. The company successfully flew its latest space plane, the VSS Unity, to an altitude of 51.4 miles (82.7 km) during a test flight in December 2018. Whether that actually counts as "space" is subject to debate. While Moses was awarded commercial astronaut wings by the Federal Aviation Administration after her flight to 55.87 miles, many believe that the edge of space should be defined by the Kármán line at 62 miles (100 kilometers) above the Earth's surface. READ MORE: Virgin Galactic unveils the interior cabin of its tourist spaceplane [The Verge] More on Virgin Galactic: Virgin Galactic to Start Training Astronauts for Trips to Space Share This Article 
Today, engineers started construction of the world's largest nuclear fusion project in southern France, The Guardian reports, with operations planned to begin in late 2025. The project, called ITER, is an international collaborative effort between 35 countries with enormous ambitions: prove the feasibility of fusion energy with a gigantic magnetic device called a "tokamak," as per the project's official website. "Enabling the exclusive use of clean energy will be a miracle for our planet," ITER director-general Bernard Bigot said during today's virtual celebration, as quoted by The Guardian. Fusion power, in theory, works by harnessing the energy released by two lighter atomic nuclei fusing to form a heavier nucleus, and turning it into electricity. If proven to be economical — that is, if the machine generates more energy than has to be put in to kickstart the process — the technology could lay the groundwork for an entirely new way of generating nearly unlimited clean energy on a commercial scale. Fusion power would be far safer than conventional fission nuclear energy, since there's no risk of a meltdown or leftover nuclear waste. But if the last six decades of fusion research are anything to go by, it remains an elusive way of generating net energy. The extremely hot plasma inside the fusion reactors is notoriously difficult to predict and control. That'll make ITER an extremely complex build. Its final reactor will weigh 23,000 tons, including 3,000 tons of superconducting magnets connected to each other by 200 kilometers of superconducting cables, all of which have to be kept cryo-cooled down to -269 degrees Celsius, as The Guardian reports. "Constructing the machine piece-by-piece will be like assembling a three-dimensional puzzle on an intricate timeline [and] with the precision of a Swiss watch," Bigot added. The team behind the ITER project is optimistic about the tests they'll be able to carry out using the massive reactor. By producing self-heating plasma, the team is expecting to generate ten times the heat than the input amount. In other words, the team wants to generate 500 megawatts — just shy of the output of the smallest currently active American nuclear power plant — from an input of just 50 megawatts. Temperatures would reach ten times the temperature of the center of the Sun, according to ITER. ITER may be a massive international effort to make fusion energy a reality, but it's not the only one. A large number of fusion startups in the US and abroad are trying to turn it into a commercially viable source of energy as well. READ MORE: World’s largest nuclear fusion project begins assembly in France [The Guardian] More on fusion: Fusion Startup Claims Breakthrough Will Provide “Unlimited” Energy Share This Article 
Water is a little bit like sleep and love in the sense that almost nobody is getting as much as they need. One recent study showed that as much as 80 percent of the population reported not getting enough water every day, which doesn’t even count those of us who unknowingly aren’t hydrating enough. Basically, almost everyone should take steps to improve their daily hydration. And thanks to Hydrant, a specially formulated rapid hydration mix, it's easier than ever and even better than drinking water alone. If you regularly find yourself not getting as much water as you should, a hydration mix like Hydrant is the perfect remedy. It contains a scientifically developed blend of electrolytes and sugars that activate your body’s sodium-glucose pump, allowing for faster and more efficient hydration. In fact, it contains three times the electrolytes of a typical sports drink. All you have to do is mix it with a glass of water in the morning and enjoy its natural flavoring made with real fruit juice, and you'll be good to go. Everyone knows that water is needed to ward off the side effects of dehydration, which include lethargy, muscle cramps, headaches, and over a long enough timeline, even death! But contrary to popular belief, thirst is not a warning sign that you're approaching dehydration. Dehydration has already begun by the time you feel thirsty. So if your usual routine is to drink water when you feel parched, you're already too late. But a daily dose of Hydrant Rapid Hydration Mix helps stop dehydration before it starts. Hydrant’s Rapid Hydration Mix is billed as a morning mix, but it’s great at any time of day, especially when you’re less likely to have enough water in your system -- like during workouts at the gym. It's great at helping you maintain water even more effectively than typical sports drinks. Speaking of sports drinks, many of them have too much sugar and artificial ingredients to be considered much use nutrition-wise, especially if you aren’t sweating gallons of it off right away. Hydrant, on the other hand, has 80-percent less sugar than most sports drinks, which is just enough to activate that sodium-glucose pump and provide flavor. What kind of flavors does Hydrant come in? Six and counting, which is good news for anyone who considers it a chore drinking water. These include orange mango, grapefruit, lime, blood orange, iced tea lemonade, and fruit punch.  You can also order a variety pack and see which ones you like best. A 30-pack of Hydrant Rapid Hydration Mix will cost you $37.49, but you can save money with a monthly subscription for $29.99 per. And you can cancel the subscription -- or change your flavor -- whenever you like. So if you’re tired of the choice between forcing yourself to choke down glass after glass of water, or facing the effects of chronic dehydration, order your first 30-pack of Hydrant Rapid Hydration Mix from Hydrant’s online store now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Growing up, we’re taught that snoring is funny. It’s something lovable oafs do on TV shows or something you tease your dad about when he falls asleep watching football. However, in reality, snoring is no laughing matter. If left untreated, snoring can lead to major health problems. According to the National Sleep Foundation, roughly 90 million Americans suffer from snoring on a regular basis. If you’re one of them, and you are looking for a simple, non-invasive snoring solution that actually works, then you need to take a look at the Snooor Wearable Stop Snoring Device. Snoring is one of the most common reasons people give for not sleeping well. As such, it can have a huge effect on your quality of life. Poor sleep is scientifically proven to diminish critical thinking, judgment, and problem-solving skills. It also makes us more irritable, reduces our ability to manage conflicts, increases negative feelings, and makes us less empathetic. These negative effects are bad enough when you’re talking about one person. But they are even worse in the context of a relationship. It doesn’t take an expert to tell you that two grumpy, irritable, slow-witted people probably won’t get along so well. And sure enough, studies show that the person who is kept awake by snoring may grow resentful of their partner over time, while the snorer often suffers from guilt and shame. According to one recent poll, nearly 60 percent of respondents said they had a partner who snored. That’s a lot of shame, resentment, and guilt. Of course, there are a lot of different snoring solutions out there. However, most of them require you to wear cumbersome chin straps, mouthpieces that look like adult pacifiers or face masks that make you look like a supervillain. Luckily, that’s not the case with the Snooor Wearable. Snoring occurs because our neck and throat muscles relax when we fall asleep. This tightens and blocks our airways, which causes vibrations in our throat when we breathe. However, studies show that 70 percent of all snorers only snore when sleeping on their back. If they could train themselves to sleep on their sides, gravity would prevent the airway blockage that causes snoring. That’s where the Snooor Wearable comes in. The Snooor Wearable is a small device about the size of a poker chip that trains you to sleep on your side. Weighing just 10 grams, all you have to do is place this device on your breastbone or forehead before bed. When its three-axis accelerometer detects that you are sleeping on your back, the Snooor Wearable gently vibrates, prompting you to move your head or body to the side so you won’t snore. The key to success with the Snooor Wearable is consistency. In order to train yourself to sleep on your side, you have to wear it every day and go through an adjustment period. While some users find they start breathing better and snoring less in just a few nights, most say it takes about 7-10 days to take full effect. At first, you will likely be awakened by the Snooor’s gentle vibrations. However, every night they will disturb you less and less. By day 10, you will hardly notice them. And beyond that, the vibrations will be less frequent because you will have started to train yourself to sleep on your side naturally. Want to track your progress with the Snooor Wearable? Simply sync it to the free mobile app. It gives you daily stats and sleep position reports. The app also allows you to customize the standard sleep position training program to better suit your needs. The Snooor Wearable Stop Snoring Device has a battery life of three to six months and comes with a one month’s supply of medical-grade hypoallergenic adhesives. Best of all, it has a 30-day satisfaction guarantee. Try it for a month, and if it isn’t doing the trick, simply return it for a full refund. If snoring is starting to take a serious toll on your sleep, your relationship, or your life in general, you definitely need to give this tiny high-tech device a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Modern life is a nerve-wracking, enervating experience, with new sources of anxiety being introduced on a daily basis. And social distancing and a deadly pandemic haven't exactly helped matters. So if you feel your mental and emotional composure is fraying and your sleep is suffering as a result, a weighted blanket like those offered by Gravity Blankets may be good for what ails you. And if you're the type of sleeper who can't stand a hot bed, the new Gravity Cooling Blanket is perfect for these hot summer nights. Gravity is one of the most popular brands of weighted blankets on the market today, which is no surprise since it's also one of the oldest. The soft, soothing weight of a Gravity Blanket uses “deep touch pressure stimulation” to provide relaxation and comfort to even the most frazzled person enveloped in its folds. Put more simply, the blanket’s 35-pound weight simulates the sensation of being held, much like a physical hug, and results in a better and deeper night’s sleep with less tossing and turning beforehand. Gravity Blanket customers have long been satisfied with the comfort and soothing effects of a weighted blanket, but have inundated the brand with requests for a blanket large enough for a queen or king-size bed. Now, those requests have been answered, with a 90 x 90-inch Gravity Blanket that weighs 35 pounds, perfect for any queen or even king-sized bed. Each weighted blanket contains an inner piece weighted with evenly-distributed glass beads within a machine-washable soft duvet cover, available in micro-fleece or 100-percent cotton, and in a variety of colors. That inner weighted piece is the killer part of every Gravity Blankets product, and the piece’s precision-guided stitching keeps every single weighted glass bead in place and prevents any uncomfortable bunching, and keeping that hugging weight uniform across the body. The basic Gravity Blanket in a queen/king-friendly size costs $249 in original micro-fleece and $265 for the 100-percent cotton “Modernist” variant. Installment plans are available, as well as a $20 discount for signing up for the Gravity Blankets mailing list. You can order yours now from the Gravity Blankets online store, where shipping and handling within the United States is absolutely free. If you’re reading this from the western hemisphere, you’re probably wondering why you would want a particularly heavy blanket in the middle of summer, no matter how comforting to your nervous system it might be. But Gravity Blankets has figured this out too, with their Queen/King Cooling Blanket, a version of their 35-pound king/queen size weighted blanket outfitted with a moisture-wicking fabric that will keep you cozy and cool all night long. The Gravity Blankets Queen/King Cooling Blanket costs $259, an ideal way to find out if the magic of a weighted blanket can work for you even in the heat of summer. You can get more information on all Gravity Blankets products, including the regular Queen/King version and the Queen/King Cooling Blanket straight from the source, and if you’re not satisfied you can return it for a refund within 30 days. Futurism fans: Gravity Products was previously a sister company to Futurism, and several current Futurism employees own stock in Gravity Products. To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Researchers have found evidence of gigantic waves of sand, often referred to as "megaripples," slowly moving around on the surface of Mars, as Science reports. Megaripples aren't unique to Mars; they can be found in deserts back here on Earth as well. But the Red Planet's colossal sand dunes, believed to have formed hundreds of thousands of years ago, could be a sign that winds on Mars are even stronger than previously believed. In a paper published last month in the Journal of Geophysical Research: Planets, the team suggests that megaripples may be migrating thanks to small grains of sand knocking into larger grains, dragging them into motion. The new research goes against current atmospheric models that largely suggest winds couldn't be strong on Mars enough to move these mega sand structures. In other words, a thin atmosphere may allow for surprisingly strong winds. Using images taken by NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, the international team of scientists had a closer look. By focusing on two sites near the Martian equator, they analyzed a total of 1,100 megaripples. Scientists previously believed that these megaripples on the Red Planet were first formed a long time ago, when a thicker atmosphere allowed for much heavier winds, and were now stationary. But to their astonishment, they found that the megaripples do in fact appear to move — albeit at the slow pace of roughly 10 centimeters per Earth year. According to Science, that's about as fast as megaripples in the Lut Desert in Iran. The surprising takeaway: Winds could be strong enough after all, despite the thin Martian atmosphere. "A past climate with a denser atmosphere is not necessary to explain their accumulation and migration," the team concluded in their paper. And that's bad news for future astronauts visiting the Red Planet, as windy conditions could end up messing with habitats and solar panels. Nonetheless, it's an astonishing new discovery about our planetary neighbor. "We can now measure processes on the surface of another planet that are just a couple times faster than our hair grows," Ralph Lorenz, a planetary scientist at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, who was not involved in the study, told Science. READ MORE: Giant waves of sand are moving on Mars [Science] More on Mars: NASA’s Next Rover Will Bring First-Ever Microphone to Mars Share This Article 
NASA is planning to watch newborn stars from high up in the Earth's atmosphere, using a gigantic football stadium-sized balloon. NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab is planning to kick off the mission, called ASTHROS, (Astrophysics Stratospheric Telescope for High Spectral Resolution Observations at Submillimeter-wavelengths) in December 2023. The plan is for a 400-foot wide balloon to float over Antarctica for about three weeks at an altitude of around 24.6 miles (40 kilometers) — well below the internationally agreed-upon edge of space, but high enough to observe far-infrared light that's blocked by Earth's thick atmosphere. "Balloon missions like ASTHROS are higher-risk than space missions but yield high-rewards at modest cost," JPL engineer Jose Siles, project manager for ASTHROS, said in a statement. "With ASTHROS, we're aiming to do astrophysics observations that have never been attempted before," he added. "The mission will pave the way for future space missions by testing new technologies and providing training for the next generation of engineers and scientists." By observing far-infrared light, the team is hoping to measure the motion and speed of gas clouds surrounding newly-formed stars. The goal will be to create detailed 3D maps of how these gas clouds move and how they affect or impede the formation of new stars. JPL is planning to integrate and test the 8.4 foot telescope, its science instrument, as well as other electronic systems in early August. These systems will hang underneath the massive balloon tucked inside a gondola. If all goes according to plan, the team hopes to have the balloon circle around the South Pole three times over three to four weeks, carried on by wind currents. A parachute will then help the gondola come back to the ground for recovery. READ MORE: NASA to fly a football stadium-sized high-altitude balloon to study light from newborn stars [TechCrunch] More on high-altitude balloons: Startup Says It'll Launch You Into the Stratosphere on a Balloon Share This Article 
IT remains one of the hottest careers out there. From 2018 to 2028, the IT sector is expected to expand by at least 12%, far faster than almost every other occupational sector. IT has become the backbone of even the most unexpected companies: Dominos, for example, has called itself a "tech company that sells pizza", as it completely rebuilt its sales system to make it as easy as possible to buy pizza. And that growth is expected to continue as new tools like blockchain become more commonplace, as cybersecurity becomes more fundamental to every organization, and as new technology and approaches make smaller companies more competitive and force larger ones to play catch-up. The Complete 2020 CompTIA Certification Training Bundle sets you up for success in IT, whether you're completely new to the field, or want some certifications to sharpen your skills, and for a limited time, you can save an extra $20 on the fourteen certification prep courses to help guide your IT career. Founded in 1982, the Computing Technology Industry Association is a non-profit that was founded to meet the rapidly growing need for certified IT professionals. Since then, the organization has become the gold standard for IT workers across 120 countries and has issued over two million certifications. Just getting started? These two courses will teach everything you need to know for the A+ certification, showing you how to install, upgrade, and expand the basic systems that underlie corporate IT. As our careers and lives rely more and more on technology, cybersecurity will become more central to the IT worker's role. This extensive suite of courses starts with CompTIA Security+ SY0-501, available in a complete course for those new to the certification and an accelerated version if you want to get an overview of this rapidly changing side of the industry. From there, you can study for the CompTIA CySA+ CS0-001 certification, to learn about intrusion detection, security analytics, and response; CompTIA PenTest+ PT0-001 to learn how to find and patch vulnerabilities in any system; and CompTIA CASP+ CAS-003, which will certify you as a CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner, able to develop and launch enterprise-level security, analyze risk, and design and implement new approaches and measures. From there? You can choose your own path. Aiming for a generalist role? The bundle offers courses in the Linux+ XK0-004 certification, to get you up to speed on the most popular industrial operating system; CompTIA Cloud+ CV0-002, to master the rapidly expanding cloud services that are becoming ever more tightly integrated into corporate and personal IT; and CompTIA Project+ PK0-004 to learn the ins and outs of managing small to medium-sized IT projects from conception to launch. If you're looking for a CompTIA Network+ N10-007 certification, the bundle offers a full, 40-hour course that delves into the certification and the knowledge needed in detail, while a second accelerated course explores the cutting edge of networking and prepare for your next certification exam. Then you can learn what you're networking too, with a course on the CompTIA Server+ SK0-004 certification, which looks at the latest in servers. You can even get certified in blockchain, expected to be a crucial use case for networking going forward. At $69, $20 off the already discounted price, the Complete 2020 CompTIA Certification Training Bundle is ideal for remote workers, IT workers seeking certification to expand their career, and anyone just getting started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Over the past year, SpaceX has been launching hundreds of small broadband internet-beaming satellites into low-Earth orbit as part of its Starlink constellation. The tally as of June: 540. While the promise of reliable and fast satellite internet accessible from pretty much anywhere in the world sounds pretty promising, not everybody is happy. As it turns out, the tiny satellites are way brighter than anybody was expecting — and that's bad news for astronomers. Over the last couple of months, countless reports have emerged of frustrated astronomers having their observations ruined by Starlink satellites appearing as bright streaks of light. In the latest instance, images taken of the spectacular NEOWISE comet by astrophotographer Daniel Lopez were "completely photobombed by Elon Musk's Starlink satellites," as Space Telescope Science Institute astronomer Julien Girard pointed out in a tweet. 17 30-second images of the comet added up by @cielodecanarias, completely photobombed by @elonmusk's #Starlink satellites. It's a few hundreds of them right now,there will be a few thousands in the near future. @SpaceX is committed to coating orienting them better but still.... pic.twitter.com/TYtTf5xwhc — Julien Girard (@djulik) July 22, 2020  “If there are lots and lots of bright moving objects in the sky, it tremendously complicates our job,” Smith College astronomer James Lowenthal told The New York Times last November. “It potentially threatens the science of astronomy itself.” They're so bright, in fact, that some are visible to the naked eye. In fact, onlookers keep mistaking them for UFOs, according to news reports from December. The brightness is due in part to the fact that the Starlink satellites are orbiting Earth at much closer distance than most — an operational altitude of roughly 550 kilometers, rather than the usual medium-Earth orbit (at 20,000 km) or geostationary orbit (at 36,000 km) used by other kinds of satellites, like those that provide GPS and communication services. SpaceX has also claimed that they're bright early on because they're still climbing in orbit after launch, and will eventually spread out and become dimmer over a period of several months. Luckily, SpaceX claims it's working on a number of solutions. Early attempts to paint the underside of each satellite with an anti-reflective coat of paint seem to have only been partially successful. SpaceX is now trying out a new method: launching satellites with a cool pair of sunglasses.  The space company is planning to mount retractable sunshades, called "VisorSat," to each of the satellites to block sunlight from hitting its reflective parts — the main reason they're so bright — SpaceNews reported in May. The company's latest batch of Starlink satellites, which launched back in June, included a just single unit with such a sunshade. It's still unclear if the solution will appease astronomers. SpaceX's most recent Starlink launch, 57 satellites each equipped with a VisorSat sunshade, had to be delayed due to weather earlier this month. The launch is now planned for July 29. If no solution is found, astronomers could be struggling with bright Starlink satellites ruining their observations for many years to come. SpaceX already has permission from the Federal Communications Commission to launch tens of thousands of Starlink satellites to bring global internet coverage to the world. More on Starlink: SpaceX Is Now Taking Requests for Starlink Beta Testers Share This Article 
When it comes to preventing the spread of COVID-19, most of the focus in the media has been on wearing face masks and washing hands. And rightly so. However, with new cases being reported at an alarming rate all across the country, it’s also incredibly important to regularly sterilize the things we touch the most, like our cell phones and keys. By doing so, it helps us from inadvertently bringing the virus into our homes and vehicles. Luckily, this Portable UV Light Sterilizer Box can sterilize just about anything with the press of a button. And right now it’s on sale for less than $100. Contrary to the random musings of certain world leaders, UV light cannot be used to kill coronavirus in infected human patients (at least without harming the patients). However, UV light can be used to kill coronavirus on inanimate objects. For those who didn’t know, UV stands for ultraviolet. It’s a kind of invisible electromagnetic radiation emitted by the sun, and there are three types: UVA, UVB, and UVC. The first type, UVA, makes up the vast majority of the UV radiation that reaches the surface of the earth and is believed to be responsible for 80 percent of all skin damage. The second type, UVB, is less prevalent, but more dangerous. It damages the DNA in our skin, which leads to sunburn and cancer. Luckily, we can protect against both UVA and UVB with sunscreen, sunglasses, and clothing. The third type of UV radiation, UVC, is the most dangerous form of UV radiation. It’s a shorter, more energetic wavelength of light that simply obliterates genetic material. Luckily, the earth’s atmosphere filters out UVC radiation, so we don't have to worry about it on a day-to-day basis. However, ever since UVC was discovered back in 1878, we’ve been using it to sterilize everything from hospitals and airplanes to factories. It's even used to clean drinking water. Now, with the Portable UV Light Sterilizer Box, you can use UVC radiation to sterilize all sorts of everyday objects that may be contaminated with harmful viruses, bacteria, and basically anything else with DNA. The Portable UV Light Sanitizer Box measures approximately 10x8x6 inches and looks like a typical soft-sided cooler bag. However, this thing does way more than hold your stuff. Its high-powered ultraviolet lamps provide radiation 20 times more intense than the sun, and the box is lined with a reflective material that ensures complete 360-degree exposure. This radiation warps the structure of genetic material in bacteria and viruses, thereby killing up to 99.9 percent of them. The Portable UV Light Sanitizer Box is small and light enough to take with you anywhere you go, and also incredibly easy to use. Simply place any object you want to disinfect inside—keys, cell phones, face masks, jewelry, baby bottles, toothbrushes, dentures, toys, eating utensils—close the zipper, and press the button. In just three minutes, your items will be completely free of all viruses and bacteria. And don’t worry about someone coming along and opening the box while it’s working, exposing themselves to harmful UVC light. The Portable UV Light Sanitizer automatically shuts off when opened. If you are looking for an easy, convenient way to disinfect everyday household items and protect your family from germs and viruses like COVIC-19, the Portable UV Light Sanitizer Box is the perfect solution. And it won’t cost you an arm and a leg. Right now you can get the Portable UV Light Sanitizer Box for a whopping 50-percent off the regular price. With everything going on in the world right now, this is a deal you don’t want to miss out on. Click here to order your Portable UV Light Sanitizer Box, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
No country has ever successfully sent a microphone to Mars. As a result, we've never heard the eerie sounds of the surface of Red Planet. "Even if only a few minutes of Martian sounds are recorded from this first experiment, the public interest will be high and the opportunity for scientific exploration real," famed astronomer Carl Sagan wrote in a 1996 letter to NASA, as quoted by the Planetary Society, a nonprofit space exploration advocacy group. But with NASA's Perseverance mission launching in just a single week — if the weather plays along — that all may change. The agency's next-gen Mars rover is outfitted with not just one but two microphones. After the craft's six month journey through the solar system, the two microphones attached to NASA's Perseverance rover could finally offer us a tantalizing first: a chance to listen to what Mars actually sounds like. One microphone, on Perseverance's Entry, Descent and Landing (EDL) system, was designed to make sure the rover makes it down to Mars unharmed. Thanks to accompanying video, we could soon, for the first time ever, get to watch — and listen to — a Mars landing. The second is part of the rover's SuperCam instrument, which builds on Curiosity's ChemCam, a laser beam that heats and vaporizes rocks to determine what chemicals they're made of. The microphones could also tell us about the rover's health. "Hearing how the mast swivels, the wheels turn, or hearing how other instruments sound can also be an important engineering diagnostic tool," said Greg Delory, the CEO and co-founder of space hardware company Heliospace and an advisor to the SuperCam team, in the statement. Previous attempts at recording the sounds of Mars with a microphone quickly turned into an uphill battle with plenty of setbacks. The Planetary Society, co-founded by Sagan in 1980, jumped into action in the mid-1990s to finally bring a microphone to Mars. Initially, the team was hoping to attach one to NASA's Mars Polar Lander mission, set to launch in 1990. They got to work and after raising $100,000, they came up with the Mars Microphone, the first crowdfunded scientific instrument to fly to another planet, according to the Society. "The original Mars microphone we built was a smart little box, about 5 centimeters on each side, weighing 50 grams," Delory said. "The microphone was built for extreme environments, and we tested it enough to know how robust it was." Unfortunately, a NASA committee dismissed the idea. A second chance to have it attached to France's Netlander mission in 2007 cropped up, but the mission was canceled in 2004. Several years later, a different microphone made its way all the way to Mars mounted to NASA's Phoenix lander in 2008. In yet another unfortunate turn of events, the microphone had to be deactivated prior to the launch due to a technical glitch. The closest the Earth has come to hearing the sounds of Mars was in December 2018, when NASA used InSight's seismometer and air pressure sensor to capture something approximating sound. However, recordings had to be pitched and sped up to hear. Let's hope Perseverance makes it to Mars in one piece. Only then will be able to get to hear the sounds of an alien planet. READ MORE: Perseverance microphones fulfill long Planetary Society campaign to hear sounds from Mars [Planetary Society] More on Mars rovers: NASA's Mars Rover Spent the Weekend Shooting a Weird-Looking Rock With a Laser Share This Article 
It seems like more and more people are discovering the benefits that CBD oil can bring to the human body and mind. If you’ve been looking for a way to try it for yourself but haven’t been able to decide on the right product, these two single-serving CBD shots from B GREAT are a great place to start. The Relax Shot is designed to help you relax in order to get the rest you need, while the Focus shot is intended to help you stay alert and productive for hours. If you regularly find yourself too wired to unwind at the end of the day, the B GREAT Relax Shot is a great way to bring yourself down to a more restful state. Intended as a gentle treatment for occasional sleeplessness, the passion fruit-flavored drink blends 20 mg of full-spectrum hemp with ingredients like Melatonin, Gingko Biloba, and Lavender Water, all of which work together to quiet your brain down and help you rest. You can take either a half or a whole bottle just before bed and see if you don’t notice an easier and more relaxing transition into an all-natural good night’s sleep. Relax CBD Shots comes in boxes of 12 at $55 per box. But there are also times when relaxation is the last thing you need. Specifically, the stereotypical “3 PM slump,” when all your body seems to want is a quick nap. When the nap isn’t an option, there are B GREAT Focus CBD Shots (also passion fruit flavored), which have 15 mg of full-spectrum hemp plus Niacin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B12, ginseng root, and a little bit of caffeine, all with the aim of supporting your body’s ability to focus for hours at a time. It works without the jittery side-effects you can get from traditional and sugary energy drinks. Just take half a bottle for a “moderate energy” boost, and a whole bottle for the maximum, whenever you need it most during the day. The Focus Shot is priced identically to Relax Shot, at $55 per 12-bottle box. Both the Relax Shot and Focus Shot from B GREAT are made with 100-percent full-spectrum hemp sourced from within the USA. Each batch is lab-tested by an independent third party for quality and consistency, with no GMOs and no pesticides. And for anyone concerned about certain dietary restrictions, they’re both certified vegan and kosher. One of the key words behind the B GREAT business is “Traceability,” which means that you can find a batch number on every B GREAT label, which you can in turn use to track down the certificate of analysis for that individual product and see all the exact ingredients used to make it. So if you’re looking for a better, more natural way to wind down at the end of the day, get a box of B GREAT Relax Shots for $55 from the B GREAT online store. And if a midday pick-me-up is more what you need, pick up a box of B GREAT Focus Shots for the same price. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins, and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
NASA is asking university students to come up with a solution to a very real problem: sticky lunar dust that can get pretty much anywhere, meaning it poses a very real threat to anybody planning to spend much time on the surface of the Moon. The goal is a solution that can remove lunar dust or make surfaces impermeable to the stuff. "This competition gives students an unparalleled opportunity as members of the Artemis generation to help overcome the historically challenging technical obstacles of mitigating lunar dust," Niki Werkheiser, NASA’s Game Changing Development program executive, said in a statement. Since the Apollo missions, we've known that lunar dust is extremely clingy. Early NASA astronauts ended their spacewalks on the Moon covered in the stuff, likely caused by electrical charges built up by the moving around the lunar surface. "The more time you spend there, the more you get covered from helmet to boots with lunar dust," Buzz Aldrin was quoted in early NASA reports after completing the Apollo 11 mission in 1969. Aldrin also called lunar dust "one of our greatest inhibitors to a nominal operation on the Moon." Some Apollo astronauts carried special brushes with them to brush off spacesuits before getting back into the lander, as Discover reported in 2018. Other solutions included a vacuum, but it proved to be only minimally effective. Making matters worse, recent studies have shown that lunar dust could react with human cells to create "hydroxyl radicals," which have been linked to lung cancer. With its upcoming Artemis missions, an effort to return astronauts to the Moon more than 50 years after Aldrin took his first steps there, NASA wants to get ahead of its dusty problem. So it's asking students for help. The agency is offering up to $180,000 to between five and ten teams chosen by a jury of competition judges. Participants will have to demonstrate that what they've come up with can actually mitigate lunar dust. "Dealing with lunar dust will require incredibly creative and innovative approaches and collaborating with the Artemis generation through the BIG Idea Challenge is a strategic effort to fuel that type of innovation," Drew Hope, Game Changing Development program manager at NASA's Langley Research Center in Hampton, said in the statement. Researchers at the agency have already tried a several new solutions in recent years. Last year, for instance, NASA scientists showed off a special coating technology that could dissipate electrical charges on spacecraft components, perhaps giving them the ability to shrug off lunar dust. READ MORE: NASA Seeks BIG Ideas from Universities to Solve a Messy Problem [NASA] More on lunar dust: Scientists Say They've Found a Way to Make Oxygen from Moon Dust Share This Article 
Fabien Cousteau, the grandson of legendary ocean explorer Jacques Cousteau, wants to build the equivalent of the International Space Station (ISS) — but on the ocean floor deep below the surface, as CNN reports. With the help of industrial designer Yves Béhar, Cosuteau unveiled his bold ambition: a 4,000 square foot  lab called Proteus that could offer a team of up to 12 researchers from all over the world easy access to the ocean floor. The plan is to build it in just three years. The most striking design element of their vision is a number of bubble-like protruding pods, extending from two circular structures stacked on top of each other. Each pod is envisioned to be assigned a different purpose, ranging from medical bays to laboratories and personal quarters. "We wanted it to be new and different and inspiring and futuristic," Béhar told CNN. "So [we looked] at everything from science fiction to modular housing to Japanese pod [hotels]." The team claims Proteus will feature the world's first underwater greenhouse, intended for growing food for whoever is stationed there. Power will come from wind, thermal, and solar energy. "Ocean exploration is 1,000 times more important than space exploration for — selfishly — our survival, for our trajectory into the future," Cousteau told CNN. "It's our life support system. It is the very reason why we exist in the first place." Space exploration gets vastly more funding than its oceanic counterpart, according to CNN, despite the fact that humans have only explored about five percent of the Earth's oceans — and mapped only 20 percent. The Proteus would only join one other permanent underwater habitat, the Aquarius off the coast of Florida, which has been used by NASA to simulate the lunar surface. READ MORE: Ambitious designs for underwater 'space station' and habitat unveiled [CNN] More on underwater bases: NASA is Using This Underwater Lab to Train Astronauts for the Moon Share This Article 
Is Elon Musk taking us for a ride? Early this morning, the Boring Company and Tesla CEO shared a brand new render of his tunnel company's latest project, an underground loop that transports visitors at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Coming soon pic.twitter.com/6nOgLix6b5 — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) July 22, 2020  The Boring Company officially kicked off the project in November, becoming the company's first major project meant for public use. But as we've seen with the company's first test tunnel near its headquarters in Hawthorne, California, the vision isn't exactly optimized to get the most people from point A to point B. Original renders of the Boring Company's vision dating back to 2018 showed passenger pods on "skates" that could fit eight to 16 passengers zooming through underground tunnels at a brisk pace. It looked amazing. But Musk seems to have ditched that idea, switching to the use of "fully road legal autonomous transport cars" and "ground to tunnel car elevators" — lightly modified Tesla vehicles driving underground at slightly faster than highway speeds, as a December 2018 test ride at the company's test tunnel demonstrated. The CEO's newest render shows off that same vision — the Las Vegas Loop will also rely on modified Tesla vehicles, likely with the same "tracking wheels" used during the 2018 test ride, as part of an underground Uber-like system. And no, this likely won't turn into a mass-transit system in the future either. When asked about the "12-seater van" originally shown off by the company in 2018, Musk argued that it's "best to have people seated for safety & speed of travel." When challenged by Tim Dodd, better known as Everyday Astronaut, who argued that "just 5-7 max is underwhelming and limiting" in a tweet response, Musk countered that "'individualized mass transit is the future." The Las Vegas Loop isn't a one-off event to impress the media. It's meant to serve the public by shuttling them from the Convention Center's massive New Exhibit Hall to the rest of the campus, drastically cutting down on a 15 minute walk. The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority (LVCVA) claims the system will be able to carry 4,400 passengers an hour at 250 kilometers per hour (155 mph) inside two tunnels. But getting people into and out of individual Tesla vehicles one by one will likely take a lot longer than having double doors slide open, letting in a drastically higher number of people in in one go, as is the case for virtually any other form of mass transit. With enough interest, in other words, waiting to get a ride through the new tunnels could end up taking a whole lot longer than a 15 minute walk. In fact, the Tesla vehicles won't even be able to drive themselves — a great source of pride for Musk's electric car company. "Human overseen at first, then fully self-driving," admitted Musk in a tweet, suggesting that perhaps Tesla's Autopilot feature may eventually be modified to allow the vehicles to drive themselves through the tunnel. All told, it's a significant departure from the Boring Company's 2018 vision. This is not mass transit as we know it. More than two million people visit the LA Convention Center a year (though the pandemic is currently causing a massive downtown) — stuffing visitors into individual five-to-seven-seater cars underground likely won't end up becoming a meaningful way to get around. To their credit, that point doesn't seem lost on those in charge. "I think it provides a great experience for our customers and has the opportunity (to be) an attraction in and of itself," Steve Hill, CEO of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, said in a March 2019 statement. More on The Boring Company: Elon Musk’s Boring Company Announces Tunnel-Digging Contest Share This Article 
Art predates the written word and possibly even formal spoken language as one of the first forms of human expression. And as we learn more about art and creation, we've discovered that creating art is therapeutic when undergoing long-term cancer treatment and dealing with mental health concerns. Art is good for you, and it may even be good for your career; a 2017 survey of arts graduates found that 70% of them were earning a living in their chosen field of study, while 75% of STEM graduates were working somewhere else. It's also never been more accessible. Where before you needed a legion of art supplies, and the money to keep buying them when they ran out, now all you need is a good art program, a tablet, and a stylus to start drawing, painting, and creating. However, tools don't make an artist; practice and learning do. That's where the Pencil Kings Ultimate Character Drawing & Design Course Bundle, which is just $35 for a limited time. You'll learn from experienced, professional artists how to draw the most challenging subject: The human form. The Pencil Kings approach is different from most art instruction. The courses are developed and taught by working artists in the comic book, video game, and animation industry, with a focus on what they've learned having to develop great art on a deadline. They've also been designed to be used on commonplace tools like tablets, so you can get started right away with what matters to get you drawing, starting with the basics: Gesture Drawing: The best drawings of people reflect not just how they look but how they move through spaces, which artists learn through gesture drawing, running off a series of poses to create a sense of motion, heft, and gravity. The first two courses of the bundle will train you how to look at how people move with a critical eye, from beginner to experienced. It begins with simple line poses done in seconds and as you improve, you'll spend more time on each pose to fully capture the nuance. Anatomy: Mastering anatomy can be one of the more difficult tasks for any artist. The next two courses will ease you into observing bodies in motion and at rest to better grasp drawing them naturally. It starts with a beginning course that takes you, quite literally, head to toe. Once that's finished, you'll dig into anatomy in more detail with an advanced course that explores how anatomy can shift over time, depicting different types of anatomy, and adding design elements and your personal style. Figure Drawing: Once you've mastered gesture drawing and anatomy, you can combine them into figure drawing, fully depicting the human form. One course will take you through everything you need to know to combine the two, and then you'll learn how to develop your own style and incorporate it into your figures, making your art uniquely your own.  The next set of courses focuses on character design in specific genres, by walking you through a series of different stock types to learn how they're designed. SF characters, wild west characters, and more will be used to teach you about design, clothing, research, and how to create character designs in your style. Whether you've never picked up a pencil, want to better appreciate the art you experience every day, or even want to sharpen your skills as an artist, the Pencil Kings Ultimate Character Drawing & Design Course Bundle can make it happen. And at $35, it'll cost you less than a run to the art supply store. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For decades people have been dreaming about the day when homes would be powered by solar energy. Now, at long last, these dreams are starting to become a reality. However, going solar is still a very complex process, and it is not necessarily a smart investment for everyone. Luckily, if you’re interested in residential solar and you’re not sure where to start, companies like Understand Solar are there to help. Solar energy has always been a good idea, in theory. Sunlight is free, and using it does not pollute the environment. Unfortunately, for a long time, making this good idea a reality was simply too expensive for the average consumer. Luckily, that is not the case anymore. Over the past 10 years, the cost of going solar has dropped by roughly 70 percent. As a result, during this same period, solar employment has more than doubled, pumping an estimated $17 billion into the American economy. And with states like California now mandating new homes to be equipped with solar energy systems, the industry as a whole continues to experience an average annual growth rate of 50 percent. In short, there has never been a better time to go solar, which is excellent news for consumers and for the environment. But making the leap can still be pretty intimidating. Solar energy systems may be more affordable than ever, but they are still significant investments. That means you will need to calculate the cost-benefit ratio and ROI, which depends on a number of complicated factors, including the architectural features and geographical location of your home, the prevalence of solar contractors and suppliers in your area, and the complex web of laws, regulations, and tax incentives in your particular state and municipality. That’s where the experts at Understand Solar come in. They will teach you everything you need to know and walk you through the entire process. For free. No commitment required. Understand Solar is a third-party solar energy advocate. As such they neither sell nor install solar energy systems themselves. Instead, they promote the solar industry by educating consumers and simplifying the process of going solar. If you don’t know the first thing about solar energy, Understand Solar will start by teaching you the basics, including how solar energy systems work, how they connect to the public grid, how much solar panels cost, and how long solar panels last. Then they will give you an overview of all the financing and leasing options available, as well as any government tax incentives, including the Federal solar tax credit. Once you’re ready to take the next step, Understand Solar will give you a free personalized solar energy assessment. All you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. A solar energy expert will then contact you via phone to go over your assessment and answer any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. It may turn out that solar energy is not right for you at all. If that’s the case, your Understand Solar representative will explain why. However, given recent trends in the industry, you might discover that you actually stand to lose money in the long run if you don’t go solar. In recent years, we’ve started to get a much clearer picture of the value solar energy systems can add to a home. Though it all depends on where you live and how much direct sunlight your property gets, generally speaking, homes with solar energy systems sell faster and for higher prices than homes without. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1 percent to the value of the average home, with higher rates occurring in major urban areas. Another study found that buyers are generally willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another study concluded that, assuming your house gets enough light, you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar installed. When you factor in projected long term electricity rates and all the money you’ll save on traditional energy, plus the value a residential solar energy system can add to your home, solar panels start to look like a very attractive long term investment. In fact, depending on where you live, it’s possible that an investment in solar energy could outperform traditional investment portfolios over the course of 15 to 20 years, especially in these uncertain times. If all that sounds kind of complicated, that’s because it is. But it doesn't have to be. If you’re thinking about installing residential solar, start by getting your free solar assessment from Understand Solar. They’ll crunch all the numbers for you and lay out your options in plain English. Then, when you are ready, Understand Solar will arrange in-home estimates with experienced installers in your area. So if you're ready to get your risk-free solar assessment, just click here to get started. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
An international team of astronomers have taken what they claim is the first-ever image of a multi-planet system around a Sun-like star. While plenty of images exist of a single planet orbiting a star roughly the size of the Sun, this is the first time such a system has been imaged featuring multiple exoplanets. It's an exceedingly rare event. So far only two systems with two or more exoplanets around the same star have been imaged — but the stars in each were radically different in nature than the Sun. The star, dubbed TYC 8998-760-1 and imaged using the European Southern Observatory’s Very Large Telescope (ESO’s VLT), is only a fraction of the age of our Sun, at just 17 million years, and is located about 300 light-years away. "This discovery is a snapshot of an environment that is very similar to our solar system, but at a much earlier stage of its evolution," Alexander Bohn, a PhD student at Leiden University in the Netherlands and lead author of a paper about the finding published today in the Astrophysical Journal Letters, said in a statement. The image shows two bright spots of light marking the two exoplanets, with their parent star shining bright in the top left corner. The exoplanets orbit their star at about 160 and 320 times the Earth-Sun distance, meaning they're even further way from their star than Jupiter or Saturn are to the Sun. The team also found that both exoplanets are extremely massive, with the inner planet being 14 times the mass of Jupiter. To create the image, the team used the SPHERE instrument on the VLT, which is capable of blocking the bright light from stars in order to detect much fainter planets orbiting them. The news comes after a different team of ESO scientists revealed the first-ever images of a star being born, also using the VLT. The images showed swirls of dust and gas spiraling around the star system AB Aurigae about 520 light-years from Earth, including a "twist" in the center where astronomers suspected a planet is forming. "Even though astronomers have indirectly detected thousands of planets in our galaxy, only a tiny fraction of these exoplanets have been directly imaged," co-author Matthew Kenworthy, associate professor at Leiden University, said in the statement. "Direct observations are important in the search for environments that can support life." Next, the team is excited by the prospects of the ESO's upcoming Extremely Large Telescope (ELT), which, as its name suggests, will be even more sensitive. “The possibility that future instruments, such as those available on the ELT, will be able to detect even lower-mass planets around this star marks an important milestone in understanding multi-planet systems, with potential implications for the history of our own solar system," Bohn said. READ MORE: First-Ever Image of a Multi-Planet System Around a Sun-Like Star Captured by ESO Telescope [ESO] More on the VLT: Stunning Images Appear to Show a Planet Being Born Share This Article 
A new series of fascinating supercomputer-rendered animations put together by a team of researchers at Durham University show what would happen to an Earth-like planet with a thin atmosphere if it collided with another object. The research could shed new light on how planets — including our own Earth — may have evolved during the early days of our solar system. Space.com's Steve Spaleta combined the animations together into a killer video with epic accompanying music. "We know that planetary collisions can have a dramatic effect on a planet's atmosphere, but this is the first time we've been able to study the wide varieties of these violent events in detail," said Jacob Kegerreis, a researcher at Durham University and lead author of a paper about the research published in the Astrophysical Journal last week, in a statement. The simulations could help evaluate several hypotheses we have about the early evolution of nearby planets. In particular, it's relevant to the prevailing theory that the formation of the Moon came about when planet about the size of Mars impacted with the Earth several billion years ago. By analyzing the new simulations, the researchers found that a grazing impact, like the one hypothesized to have formed the Moon, led to much less atmosphere loss compared to a head-on collision. A direct hit would've led to a complete obliteration of the atmosphere, taking some of the mantle with it. The findings indicate that the Earth probably only lost somewhere between ten and 50 percent of its atmosphere, depending on the kind of impact. "In spite of the remarkably diverse consequences that can come from different impact angles and speeds, we've found a simple way to predict how much atmosphere would be lost," Kegerreis said. "This lays the groundwork to be able to predict the atmospheric erosion from any giant impact, which would feed in to models of planet formation as a whole." "This in turn will help us to understand both the Earth's history as a habitable planet and the evolution of exoplanets around other stars," he added. READ MORE: Supercomputer reveals atmospheric impact of gigantic planetary collisions [Durham University] More on planetary collisions: New Theory: Life on Earth Came From Impact With Another Planet Share This Article 
NASA scientist Max Coleman has been trying to figure out if it's possible to grow radishes in lunar soil — in his kitchen. His goal is to figure out whether astronauts could one day grow their own food on the lunar surface — much like Matt Damon's character in Ridley Scott's 2015 film "The Martian." Coleman chose radishes because "they have been used before in space, and they germinate very, very fast," according to a NASA Jet Propulsion Lab (JPL) statement. That's essential, because astronauts will only have 14 Earth days of daylight — half a lunar day — followed by no Sun for another 14 Earth days. After the coronavirus pandemic forced Coleman and his team of 12 other scientists to put a pause on hands-on tests of special sensors destined for the Moon, Coleman decided to take matters into his own hands. He ordered some radish seeds and desert sand online, and got to work. His plan was to grow seeds in the desert sand, which is as nutritionally void as lunar regolith. He gave some no additional nutrients and others only small amounts of nutrients. "We're trying to show astronauts can use horticulture to grow their own food on the Moon," Coleman told JPL. "We want to do one tiny step in that direction, to show that lunar soil contains stuff which can be extracted from it as nutrients for plants," he added. "This includes getting the right chemical elements to allow plants to make chlorophyll and grow cell walls." Coleman then raided his kitchen for paper towels, chopsticks, and plastic takeout containers. He even used folded tin foil and a battery tester to measure and track moisture levels. According to his results, radishes only need tiny amounts of water to germinate. In fact, they grew best when only getting minimal amounts of water. As shown in a series of images taken with his iPhone, the radishes began to sprout and grow over time. The idea is to keep the amount of stuff astronauts have to take to the Moon to an absolute minimum. "The more you can use what's already there, the more efficient you can be because you don't have to carry that much with you," Coleman explained. "We can't properly test here on Earth with perfect lunar soil, but we're doing as much here as we can," he added. "Then we want to show that it actually does work on the Moon." READ MORE: NASA Scientist Over the Moon With Homegrown Radish Research [NASA's JPL] More on growing stuff on the Moon: NASA Wants to Grow a Moon Base Out of Mushrooms Share This Article 
The devices that we interact with every single day are getting smarter. Sure, you already know that your current phone is better than your last one. But think of the appliances in your kitchen, your car, your grocery store. Just about every device is getting loaded up with internet connectivity and new features that you wouldn't have dreamed of in years prior. That development is the emergence of the Internet of Things. As big as you might think it is right now, it's only going to get bigger. Recent forecasting projected that in the next 10 years, revenue from connected devices will more than triple. Research also indicates that by the year 2030, the average person will own 15 connected devices. The Internet of Things is the future. Lucky for you, you're living in the present. That means you have a head start on where things are going. You can be ready for the Internet of Things when it finally arrives. And the Complete IoT and Hardware eBook and Video Course Bundle is a great place to start, and it will only cost you $29.99. The idea of an entirely connected world of devices that all communicate with one another isn't the stuff of sci-fi, it's just the direction that technology is going. To understand it, you're going to need to pick up some fundamentals. The Complete IoT and Hardware eBook and Video Course Bundle has you covered. Pick up the fundamentals with eBooks like Mastering Arduino, that will show you the basics of circuitry and programming, and Hands-On Robotics Programming with C++. Prefer to learn via video? Fire up the Introduction to Internet of Things video and walk through the basics while learning how to start planning the designs for your own IoT projects. All of these informative courses will introduce you to the languages that help the Internet of Things communicate. Once you have laid the foundation for your understanding of the Internet of Things, it's time for you to start playing around in the field. That's where this bundle's video course can come in handy. Through the Build and Program Smart LEGO Mindstorm EV3 Robot video, you'll learn how to build and program your own robots. Follow that up with the Robotic Process Automation: RPA Fundamentals & Build a Robot video to follow expert instructions on how to automate tasks. One of the most discussed concerns when it comes to the Internet of Things is security. With so many devices all connected and communicating, there is simply more potential for a breach or for a malicious actor to attack. That doesn't have to be the case for you. The Practical Internet of Things Security eBook walks you through the complex world of IoT security and will have you come out the other side as an expert. Likewise, the Hands-On Industrial Internet of Things eBook will teach you how to build Internet of Things infrastructure that is secure and reliable enough to be used at the enterprise level. The Internet of Things is just around the corner, but that still leaves you time to get ahead of the curve. Get your start with the Complete IoT and Hardware eBook and Video Course Bundle. The collection of more than 10 hours of video instruction and six eBooks is valued at $766, but you can get it on sale for just $29.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Though travel may be limited due to COVID-19, there's nothing wrong with making preparations now for your future sojourns. You don't have to immediately start packing but you may want to consider learning the language of your desired destination. Since the length of this pandemic is up in the air, it just might give you enough time to master one, two, or maybe even twelve languages. If you're wondering where to start, one of the most popular options is the Busuu Language Learning app, available for free on Android, iOS, or via Web. But if you're looking to become a master linguist, the Premium Plus upgrade offers a whole slew of features that will further boost your skills and streamline your progress. For a limited time, you can educate yourself with a 2-Year Premium Plus Subscription for 50% off at $89.99 (reg. $180.00).  To get started, download the app from Google Play or the App Store. Prefer to engage on your computer? Simply sign up with your email, Facebook, or Google account on the Busuu website. Then redeem the code from your purchase in the account settings and, voila, you are now Premium Plus. With this membership, you have access to over 1,000 lessons that have been created by linguistic experts from all over the world. Enhanced with machine learning technology, you can set up personalized plans to study when you want. You pick the pace. The Premium Plus subscription also includes an "Offline Mode" so you can learn where you want. No Wi-Fi? No problem! The program offers 12 of the most spoken languages from across the globe: Though Busuu offers superb speech recognition software, one of the best ways to practice a new language is by communicating with another person. And with the Premium Plus membership, you get to do just that. Whether it is for written or spoken lessons, you can get instant feedback from native speakers and other users from around the world. Fostering a community of more than 100 million learners internationally, Busuu has earned reputable titles like "Google Play Store Editor's Choice" and "App of the Year" on the Apple App Store. The program has also been graced with EdTech's 2020 Breakthrough Award for App of the Year. While language learning can be a fun hobby, it may also expand your professional horizons. Through a partnership with one of the world's largest education companies, you can earn official McGraw-Hill language certificates and add some extra skills to your LinkedIn profile. Who knows, maybe Busuu's Premium Plus subscription could help you land your next big job! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Most of us have been logging a lot more couch and screen time lately. And as many of our mothers used to tell us when we were kids, too much TV can rot your brain. When it comes to reality television and other low-brow shows, there might be some truth to that. But if you make an adjustment to the programming you consume, you can replace "brain rot" with a brain boost. And thanks to Curiosity Stream, replacing dumbed-down television with high-quality educational content is easier and more affordable than ever. If you love to learn, this is the streaming service you’ve been waiting for, and it costs less than $20 per year. Sure, Curiosity Stream is a great alternative to typical streaming services. But since we don't expect you to run out and dump Netflix, it's also a worthwhile addition to your current subscriptions. For one thing, it’s the product of John Hendricks, the media visionary who gave us the Discovery Channel back in the glory days of basic cable, before reality TV took over. Just like the Discovery Channel of old, Curiosity Stream gives viewers access to a library stocked with thousands of documentary films and shows exploring every corner of our known universe, covering a range of topics including science, history, mathematics, technology, robotics, nature, and more. New and original programs are being added all the time, like the dramatized documentary entitled The French Revolution, which comes out this month. Far from being a typical documentary made up of interviews with somber historians (not that there's anything wrong with that), The French Revolution lets viewers “[w]itness the French Revolution as never before, [and is] shot documentary-style as if you were there.” Parks and Recreation star Nick Offerman narrates another new program called The History of Home, a three-part Curiosity Stream original that dives deep into the history of human habitats, from trees and caves to mansions and castles. Speaking of "home," if you’ve got a few restless kids who are stuck inside, you’ll be especially interested to know that Curiosity Stream also has a special library of children’s programming. It includes thousands of hours of programming that is highly educational and suitable for family viewing. You can purchase access to a whole year of Curiosity Stream for just $19.99, while a month-to-month subscription is also quite reasonably priced at $2.99 per month. All the programming on Curiosity Stream is in high definition, but if you’re a videophile with an urge to learn at 4K resolution, you can opt for a 4K plan for only $9.99 per month or $69.99 per year. And Curiosity Stream is completely free of the regional restrictions that plague other streaming platforms, so you can find all your favorite shows and features no matter where you roam. So if you’re ready to stimulate your brain instead of just vegetating on the couch, head over to the Curiosity Stream website and sign up for a subscription, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Microsoft Azure is kind of a big deal. The cloud computing service drives virtual desktops, communications tools like email, content delivery networks that ensure your files are always available, and so much more. According to Microsoft, 95% of the Fortune 500 use Microsoft Azure. And, Azure is only going to become more important for IT departments. Even before the current situation, remote work was becoming more popular as a way to reduce overall environmental impact and give workers more flexibility. In 2019, one poll found that 43% of employees worked remotely at least some of the time. And now that millions more are working from home, cloud services are going to become even more important as more workplaces reconsider the future of the office. Thus, the future of IT rests in the cloud. And the Complete 2020 Microsoft Azure Certification Prep Bundle can help you train up for a career in the field. If you're just starting with Azure, the ten-course bundle has some key starting points. "Azure Project-Based Hands-on Training" begins with twenty lessons that offer foundational-level guidance to understand Azure. Once you're comfortable with those lessons, take "AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals Exam Quick Prep," a 26-lesson course that will get you ready for Microsoft's AZ-900 exam, which will certify your grasp of cloud fundamentals and how Azure makes use of them. If you're aiming for a generalist or administrator role, "AZ-103 Azure Administrator Exam Certification 2020" takes you through the next step for your AZ-103 certification, developing knowledge of Azure focused on design and deployment. And once you've mastered how Azure is generally used, you can expand beyond that with "AZ-203 Developing Solutions for Microsoft Azure Exam Prep," which will show you how to begin thinking of Azure outside the usual box. Finally, "Azure MasterClass: Manage Azure Cloud with ARM Templates" lays out how the Azure Resource Manager, or ARM, can be used to collate, organize, and manage vast quantities of information simply and quickly using Azure's templates.  Once you've got the basics mastered, you can choose a path with Azure that fits your future. Cloud Architect: "AZ-300 Azure Architecture Technologies Certification Exam" will walk you through vital info you'll need to know as an Azure expert to secure the AZ-300 certification, and then follow it up with "AZ-301 Azure Architect Design Exam Prep," which offers do-it-yourself assignments to develop your mastery. Machine Learning: As machine learning becomes more popular, cloud services will be key to storing data and networking the devices needed. "Machine Learning in the Cloud with Azure Machine Learning" uses real data and Azure's UI and predetermined algorithms to build understanding with Azure ML. Data Management and Storage: "Azure MasterClass: Manage Storage & Disks in the Cloud with Azure Storage" will show you how to build and implement effective data storage architecture in Azure to support virtual machines, CDNs, and more. Real-Time Analysis: Raw data is only as good as the patterns you pull from it. "Azure MasterClass: Analyze Data with Azure Stream Analytics" takes you through Azure's data analytics tools to ensure the right data arrives at the right time, with flexible solutions easily scaled up or down. Cloud computing is only becoming more important, and as we become more mobile and less tied to our desks and nine-to-five work schedule, it'll be the keystone of the future of work. The Complete 2020 Microsoft Azure Certification Prep Bundle will help you keep up, and it's just $39 now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re at all concerned about the privacy and security of your personal data on the Internet, you’ve probably already thought about trying a virtual private network, or VPN. But in case you’re unclear on what a VPN is, here’s a quick introduction: Basically, whenever you use the Internet, it’s possible that everyone from hackers to law enforcement to your own ISP can see what you are browsing by way of your IP address. But with a VPN, your Internet activity is basically hidden within an encrypted tunnel between your VPN server and the websites you visit. And when it comes to VPNs, FastestVPN is among the best and most affordable on the market. If you care about privacy and security, in FastestVPN you’ve found a company that cares about these things as much as or even more than you do. With FastestVPN, your data and online activity are completely classified For Your Eyes Only, thanks to 256-Bit encryption, the best security protocols in the business, and anti-malware software that will keep you from accidentally downloading any nasty tracking or spyware bugs. FastestVPN is also a way to combat unfair throttling practices carried about by certain Internet service providers, as well as governmental and other kinds of regional censorship. The Internet will once again be open and free -- as well as private and secure -- with a subscription to FastestVPN. In addition to the security of your private information, FastestVPN’s other top priority is right there in its name: speed. The service has been engineered to optimize peer-to-peer file sharing, giving users the ability to choose which servers are fastest so they can get the very highest download speeds possible. And FastestVPN also has an ironclad zero-logging policy that means none of the usual info or data-mining is being accessed by advertisers or anyone who might want to sell your data to the highest bidder. One FastestVPN account will secure up to ten simultaneous Internet connections, and more than 20 of the most commonplace Internet browsing devices are compatible. Smart Tunneling and DNS Leak Protection are two more features that maximize both speed and security, and FastestVPN servers are some of the fastest and most reliable in the game, with 99.99 percent uptime, unlimited server switching, and unlimited bandwidth -- so you’ll never find yourself wishing you could trade a little Internet privacy for a little more Internet performance. A month of FastestVPN will cost you an even ten bucks, but you can save almost all of that if you pay for a year or three years upfront. A year’s worth of FastestVPN costs just $2.49 per month, while three years costs just $1.11 per month -- a discount of some $320 compared to the regular monthly rate. And all three FastestVPN plans are available with a 15-day trial period, so if you try it for a couple weeks and aren’t satisfied, you can get your money back, no questions asked. If you’re ready to try FastestVPN risk-free for 15 days, and experience a truly safe, secure, and private Internet experience, head over to the official FastestVPN site and sign up now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For centuries, doctors and scientists viewed inflammation as a necessary and unavoidable systemic response to illness or injury. However, over the last few decades, we have seen a major shift in thinking on the subject. Today we understand that inflammation is as much a cause of major medical issues as it is a symptom. In fact, a lot of doctors now argue that being able to control and reduce inflammation is the future of preventative medicine. That’s why the scientists at Mellowment developed Mellowment High Impact for Inflammation, which combines the world’s most advanced CBD with curcumin extract for maximum inflammation relief, recovery, and comfort. Inflammation is an essential survival mechanism of the human immune system. When cells are in distress, they release chemicals that alert the immune system. The immune system responds by sending inflammatory cells to capture the pathogens or heal damaged tissue, and blood vessels in the area expand to accommodate the additional immune system traffic and bring fluid to the site of the injury or infection. This is called acute inflammation. And while it is painful and uncomfortable, it is also a sign that our body is healing itself. Unfortunately, for a variety of reasons, sometimes this natural immune system response does not get switched off. Sometimes it’s because the cause of the initial immune system response cannot be eliminated. Sometimes the immune system simply malfunctions. Either way, the immune system tells white blood cells to attack healthy tissues and organs, which results in chronic inflammation. We now know that chronic inflammation is a major contributing factor to many degenerative diseases, including things like coronary artery disease, diabetes, cancer, and Alzheimer's. For years doctors tried to treat the symptoms of these diseases with surgeries and medications. However, now they are starting to realize it may be more beneficial to treat, control, and reduce inflammation. Luckily, when it comes to fighting inflammation, we have a couple of very effective all-natural tools at our disposal. One of the natural tools we have to combat inflammation is CBD. Short for cannabidiol, CBD is one of 113 different cannabinoid compounds found in cannabis plants. Unlike THC, the cannabinoid that gets you high when you ingest marijuana, CBD has zero psychoactive effects. However, people say it is very effective in relieving discomfort caused by pain, inflammation, insomnia, stress, and anxiety. When it comes to inflammation, in particular, the most recent studies suggest it works by modulating the endocannabinoid system and disrupting the production of cytokines, which are proteins secreted by immune cells that trigger inflammation. The other natural tool we have to reduce inflammation is curcumin, a compound found in the spice turmeric that has been used as an herbal medicine in India for thousands of years. Modern science has shown that curcumin has anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, and numerous studies have shown it to be effective in treating inflammation and pain associated with arthritis. Unfortunately, treating inflammation effectively with CBD and curcumin is not easy. In their natural states, both CBD and curcumin have poor bioavailability, which means they don’t actually get into your system due to poor absorption, first-pass metabolism, and rapid elimination. Luckily, Mellowment has solved the bioavailability problem.   Mellowment High Impact for Inflammation Softgels contain 25mg of CBD and 10mg of curcumin. They are made using an advanced nano-emulsification process that shrinks the active ingredients and suspends them in microscopic droplets of oil which can easily pass through cell walls. This process more than doubles the natural bioavailability of CBD and curcumin, which means more CBD and curcumin reach systemic circulation, ensuring maximum effectiveness. However, it’s not just the nano emulsification process that sets Mellowment High Impact for Inflammation apart from other products. Mellowment’s CBD extracts are meticulously engineered from Colorado-grown hemp using an advanced chromatography process that removes all THC, eliminating the risk of failed drug tests and undesired psychoactive effects. Each bottle of Mellowment High Impact for Inflammation contains 30 softgels. They are formulated to be taken as needed, and most customers take between one and four softgels per day. Mellowment High Impact for Inflammation is not a miracle cure. However, there are a lot of people who swear that it alleviates discomfort caused by inflammation and speeds up their recovery from workouts. So you are looking for a natural way to reduce inflammation, this one is definitely worth a try. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
The UK National Cyber Security Centre, (NCSC) in conjunction with their US and Canadian intelligence counterparts, warned on Thursday that Russian hackers with ties to the Kremlin have been targeting coronavirus vaccine development since the early days of the pandemic. The warnings were accompanied by a detailed 16-page document, outlining how Russian hackers might be attempting to steal information from researchers through custom malware and other exploits. "We would urge organizations to familiarize themselves with the advice we have published to help defend their networks," NCSC Director of Operations Paul Chichester said in a statement. "It is completely unacceptable that the Russian Intelligence Services are targeting those working to combat the coronavirus pandemic," Dominic Raab, the UK's foreign secretary, added in a separate statement to the press. White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany took a far more nuanced approach. "We worked very closely with our allies to ensure that we would take measures to keep that information safe and we continue do so so," she said, as quoted by AP. Russia shot back, saying it had no idea what they were talking about. "We don’t know who tried to carry out the hacking attacks in the United Kingdom, but Russia certainly has nothing to do with it," Dmitry Peskov, president Vladimir Putin’s spokesman, told reporters today, as reported by state-run Russian news network Tass. "We continuously confront attempted cyber attacks against our computer databases, and those of our departments," Peskov added. "Our agencies regularly repel such attacks, since it is a common problem. We strongly reject these groundless accusations against us." Western intelligence claims the group behind the hacks is APT29, also known as Cozy Bear, the same group that was found to be involved in hacking Democratic email accounts during the 2016 US presidential election. Peskov claimed that "we know absolutely nothing about the group and who it is affiliated with," when asked about Cozy Bear's affiliations with the Kremlin, Tass reports. The news comes after a Wall Street Journal report published in May claimed that Chinese and Iranian hackers were targeting US efforts to develop a coronavirus vaccine. At the time, no specific hacking groups were named. READ MORE: Russia is hacking virus vaccine trials, US, UK, Canada say [Associated Press] More on hacks: US Officials: Chinese Hackers Are Targeting Vaccine Research Share This Article 
Photo editing is as old as photography itself. In fact, you have an example in your wallet. The portrait of Lincoln on the $5 bill is a fake: Lincoln's head was taken from an original photo and placed on top of the body of the far less famous John C. Calhoun in an engraving. And, as social media and photo editing software have democratized the art of photography, knowing what to edit and why has become a job skill, and not knowing what you're doing can even have negative consequences. Witness the beautiful sunset photo that, completely by mistake, began crashing Android phones. So, whether you just want your Instagram pics to look amazing, or you want to add to your professional resume, the Pro Photography and Photoshop 20 Course Bundle can help sharpen your skills, streamline your workflow, and make you a better shooter and editor. Before you can edit, you need photos. This 20-course bundle can start novice shooters off with a refresher on what makes a good photo in different circumstances. "The Photography Master Class" will start with the basics and take you right up to professional shooting, while "The Complete Wedding Photography Course" will walk you through the unique demands and approaches needed for event photography. We may call all image-editing software "Photoshop," but the truth is that many professionals are more likely to launch Lightroom when they're out in the field or working with large collections of images. Lightroom's key feature is that it's "non-destructive;" any changes you make in the program don't alter the image you started with. If you're new to Lightroom, "Adobe Lightroom CC Made Easy" and "Adobe Lightroom CC Classic Made Easy" will help show you how to get the most out of the software. Then, "5 Step Lightroom Classic Workflow Taught by Pro Photographer" will walk you through how to design a workflow in Lightroom that will make managing your shoots a snap. Finally, you'll learn how to use Lightroom for beauty retouching, managing large jobs with Lightroom's presets, and how to build collages with ease. Sometimes, you need to pull out the big guns. If you need to perform detailed, complex editing, Photoshop is still the go-to, and the bundle includes courses for everyone. For absolute beginners, "Photoshop Made Easy" starts at the novice level and takes you through the essentials for editing photos. If you've got a small business to run, "Photoshop for Busy Entrepreneurs" showcases 27 different projects to help you learn how to edit templates and get the most out of the software. If you're looking to sharpen your skills further, "47 Photoshop Projects for Aspiring Graphic Designers" and "7 Photoshop Web Design Projects: Learn Web Design by Doing" give you real, practical Photoshop projects to try out your skills and begin to apply them in different ways. Other courses explore light effects, cinematic effects, and edits, with presets and templates to use and adapt. If you're photo-editing on a laptop, need to save space on your computer, or just can't budget an Adobe subscription for your business, the GNU Image Manipulation Program, or GIMP, has all the power you need. "The Photoshop Alternative: GIMP Made Easy" will help both pros and budding shooters learn the ropes of the open-source program, while "27 GIMP Projects + 547 GIMP Templates" and "7 GIMP Web Design Projects: Learn GIMP Web Design by Doing" refine your skills. Everyone's got a camera, now, so standing out from the pack matters. Get the Pro Photography and Photoshop 20 Course Bundle on sale for only $39.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
At the end of the year, a fleet of pirate-hunting satellites will take to the sky. A satellite intelligence company called HawkEye 360 says it's booked a ticket on a SpaceX rideshare mission to launch a cluster of three satellites that will sail around the globe, tracking down pirates, poachers, and smugglers. HawkEye 360, unlike the superhero of the same name, doesn't actually dole out justice. But it does work with terrestrial authorities including the Pentagon and the National Reconnaissance Office to pinpoint potential issues by tracing radio signals coming from the surface. The company has had satellites in orbit since 2018, but CEO John Serafini told Futurism that each new launch will further improve its capabilities to track down crimes from orbit. "We've seen dark ship activity all over the globe," Serafini told Futurism, "and even analyzed Iran smuggling oil to Syria." "We were able to identify a build-up of Chinese troops in the Galwan Valley, contributing deeper understanding about the heightened tensions occurring along the India/China border," he added. "We've helped rangers in Garamba National Park monitor their vast landscape for wildlife poaching." That last project, he said, illustrates one of the main ways this new launch will help HawkEye 360 improve: It's not that there are parts of the world that it can't monitor with its current fleet, Serafini says, but that each cluster will improve its response time as well as its ability to pinpoint a signal's exact location. "Similar to how visible imaging satellites were once only the domain of governments, but now there are many commercial providers of satellite imagery, HawkEye 360 is augmenting government capabilities by providing a useful source of commercial [radio frequency] data," Serafini said. With each new launch — Serafini wants to bring the total satellite count to 21 in the coming years — the amount of time it takes to revisit each location will drop. The ultimate goal is to get it down to 45 minutes, Serafini says. That would make it harder for, say, poachers to sneak into the Garamba National Park or any other preserve, kill a protected animal, and make off with the trophy. "With our current cluster, we can already collect data anywhere in the world multiple times per day," Serafini said. "But we need faster revisits in order to enable dark ship tracking or increase data density to conduct richer analysis." More on satellite surveillance: The Pentagon Wants Sentinel Satellites To Deter Space Warfare Share This Article 
A team of marine biologists have discovered 16 new species of terrifying deep-sea fish that reflect almost no light at all, Wired reports — much like the ultra-black material Vantablack. Marine biologist Karen Osborn was astonished when she attempted to take pictures of a fangtooth, a terrifying fanged monster of the deep sea, for cataloguing reasons. The fish appeared to absorb almost all of the light her underwater studio shone at it, leaving only eerie silhouettes. "I had tried to take pictures of deep-sea fish before and got nothing but these really horrible pictures, where you can't see any detail,” Osborn, who co-authored a paper about the fish published in Current Biology, told Wired. "How is it that I can shine two strobe lights at them and all that light just disappears?" "It’s like looking at a black hole," lead author Alexander Davis, a Duke University biologist, told The New York Times. Some of the newly discovered species are so dark that they absorb 99.956 percent of light that hits it. For context, last year MIT engineers claimed they accidentally created the darkest material that absorbs 99.995 percent of incoming light — 10 times darker than Vantablack, an extremely dark and difficult to produce carbon nanotube material designed by British nanotech company Surrey Nanosystems. "We had no idea that there were any fishes at all that were ultra-black," Davis told Wired. "As far as we knew, the only vertebrates that were ultra-black at all were these birds-of-paradise and a couple other bird species." "It was the first case we have of something this black really being used as camouflage as well," he added. Deep sea oceans are actually much brighter than you might think. There may be little or no natural light penetrating hundreds of meters of ocean water, but bioluminescent creatures and bacteria produce plenty of light all by themselves. At the same time, light produced by these organisms tends to draw the attention of prey, suggesting the ultra-black fish may be camouflaging themselves to stop them from being detected as they stalk their prey — or hide from other predators. So how do these fish get so dark? Special layers of melanosomes, tiny cellular structures stuffed with melanin — the same natural pigment that colors human skin — scatter incoming photons and stop them from finding their way back out. One species, the threadfin dragonfish, was even found to only be ultra-black when its young — likely a defense mechanism to protect it when it needs to hide from predators. Other species had melanosomes lining their guts to make sure any bioluminescent fish they ate won't give away their position. "You don't want to be swimming around with a glowing belly, right?" Osborne told Wired. "That's just asking for trouble." So will we be able to make our own deep sea fish-inspired Vantablack coating? According to Davis, you'd need to be able to make the nanoparticles just the right size and shape, "then you should be able to just coat anything with it," as he explained to Wired. READ MORE: Vantablack? Meh. Meet the Ultra-Black Vantafish [Wired] More on Vantablack: This Vantablack Watch Costs $75,000  Share This Article 
When it comes to footwear, there are lots of options that will keep your feet safe. Unfortunately, most of those options are severely lacking in the style department. Of course, style shouldn't be a concern when you're working on a job site where your feet are at risk. But once the workday is done, no one wants to hit the town in a clunky, sweaty pair of steel toe boots. But that's life. You have to choose between style and comfort. Right? Not any more. Thanks to Indestructible Shoes, you no longer have to trade style and comfort for safety and durability. The company uses high-tech, ultra-strong materials to create stylish, comfortable sneakers that protect your feet like a pair of steel toe boots.  Every pair has steel toes, skid-proof grips, shock-absorption technology, anti-puncture heels, and electric shock insulation, among other features. But despite their safety and durability, Indestructible Shoes remain ultra-lightweight So when the workday is done, you can wear them straight from the job site to wherever you're headed. Indestructible Shoes are perfect for anyone who works in construction or the trades. They're also ideal for anyone in the healthcare industry who works with heavy medical equipment, security or law enforcement officers, food service workers, weight trainers, or even DIYers who are undertaking a home renovation project. So take a look at a few of the options Indestructible Shoes has to offer and see for yourself. The Galaxy Black is probably Indestructible Shoes' most well-rounded option. They look like normal, stylish sneakers, but they're loaded with amazing safety features you'd typically only find in a work boot. Galaxy Black sneakers are also extremely comfortable, and keep your feet and legs feeling great all day long. The upper is constructed from an ultra-durable, yet breathable, knit material called “flymesh.” This material wicks moisture out of the shoe so your feet stay fresh. The shoes also feature an extra-tall lace cage for maximum support. The flexible, springy soles are puncture-resistant, and specially designed with a no-slip grip for maximum stability. Advanced 3D arches provide the extra support you need, while the European steel toes protect your feet from injuries. But despite all that protection. But best of all, each of these stylish shoes still weigh less than a pound, making them perfect for work or play. The bold design of these Xciter Black conceals a rugged, tough construction that can handle almost anything. The shoe's European steel toes and extra-large no-slip outsoles offer protection and grip, respectively, while the moisture-wicking flymesh used on the interior keeps your feet cool and dry. The insole features 3D arch support and extra padding in the heel cup, while the Xciter’s outsole boasts a revolutionary shock-absorbing suspension system. The Ryder Black is probably Indestructible Shoes’ most popular design, and it's not hard to see why. Like the previous shoes on this list, the Ryder is made from extra-breathable, moisture-wicking flymesh, which means stinky, sweaty feet will be a thing of the past. It also features a padded insole for superior cushioning and all-day support along with a flexible, puncture-resistant, no-slip outsole made from military-grade Kevlar. And despite the fact that it protects your feel like steel toe boots, each shoe is still less than a pound. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It has long been claimed that sex is the guiding force behind major technological developments or at least a major catalyst for taking new technologies mainstream. And with innovations such as home video, home computers, and the Internet, there's a case to be made for this argument. Now, if a company called KIIROO has its way, realistic, affordable VR sex will soon catapult virtual reality onto that list. Titan by KIIROO is a virtual reality headset and vibrating stroker that boasts an unparalleled sexual experience. Not only can the device work in sync with adult videos that are viewed through the headset, but it can also be controlled by an actual human partner form anywhere in the world. The Titan is equipped with touch-sensitive vibration technology built into nine bullet-shaped vibrators distributed across its special “real-feel” sleeve. The end result is an experience that has no parallel in the world of adult entertainment. It’s like something out of a special X-rated director’s cut of Ready Player One, and you’re "Player One." The KIIROO Titan’s app is all about connectivity. As mentioned above, it can link up with another device, allowing the user to feel everything their partner does by way of synchronized vibrations that adjust for speed and intensity. That sort of connection (in both senses of the word) is a massive evolutionary leap forward in the field of VR sex. But it’s not the only way for you to experience the Titan’s incredible interactivity features. There are currently thousands of VR videos out there with vibration patterns programmed to work in sync with the Titan, with more titles being added all the time. Without getting into graphic detail, it's safe to say that the implications of this technology will completely change the way people watch adult videos. In fact, “watch” isn't even an adequate word for what we're describing. This sort of technological advancement doesn't mean much to the average person if it's priced well beyond their means. But KIIROO is offering the Titan VR Experience, a package deal that gives you everything you need to enter the world of VR sex, for only $199. This includes the Titan itself, as well as a virtual reality headset that turns your phone into an instant VR rig. It also includes KIIROO Pure Premium Toy Cleaner and KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant. It’s everything you need for realistic, interactive, virtual reality sex, all delivered discreetly to your door at no additional shipping cost. As you might imagine, with so many people social distancing at present, the market for the KIIROO Titan is bigger than ever. So if you’re curious about VR sex, don't wait. Head over to the KIIROO online store and place your order now, and experience this amazing new technology for yourself. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The importance of high-quality sleep to your mental and physical well-being cannot be overstated. Poor sleep is scientifically proven to diminish critical thinking, judgment, and problem-solving skills. It is scientifically proven to contribute to weaker immune function, weight gain, high blood pressure, and accelerated aging. It is scientifically proven to make us more irritable, reduce our ability to manage conflicts, and make us less empathetic. And yet, a mind-boggling 70 percent of Americans say they get poor sleep on a regular basis. The good news is that getting high-quality sleep just got a lot easier. After two years of research, the team of scientists at Neurohacker Collective has just released a new supplement called Qualia Night that is being hailed as a major breakthrough in sleep science. Until recently, Neurohacker Collective was best known for its powerful cognitive performance formulas, which provide the brain with the fuel it needs to fire on all cylinders. With Qualia Night, they are on a mission to improve cognition at an even more fundamental level: by helping you achieve maximally restorative sleep. The result of their efforts is a sleep support supplement unlike any you’ve ever seen. Unlike a lot of other sleep products, Qualia Night isn’t just designed to help you sleep. It’s designed to help you sleep better. Futurism Readers: Enter Discount Code PRODANDNEURO At Checkout For An Additional 15% Off Qualia Night is not a “sleeping pill,” and it does not contain any pharmaceutical or botanical sedatives. In fact, it doesn’t even contain melatonin, which is a natural hormone produced by your body to regulate your sleep-wake cycle. At Neurohacker Collective, the goal is to help the body help itself. Using a whole-systems science approach, they came up with a patent-pending blend of the raw materials that fuel your body’s ability to heal, recover, and regenerate. This results in deeper and more restorative sleep, more energy, improved cognition, stronger immunity, and enhanced long-term brain health. Qualia Night is intended to be taken in the early evening, about 4 hours before bedtime. From there it slowly eases your mind and body into a relaxing, optimal sleep transition later that night. It works by: Want more information? Click here for a complete list of every ingredient in Qualia Night and what it does, or click here for a comprehensive account of how Qualia Night was developed. To celebrate its release, Qualia Night is temporarily being offered at 50% off the first month of a cancel-anytime subscription that is backed up with a no-risk 100-Day Moneyback Guarantee. And enter discount code PRODANDNEURO at checkout for an additional 15 percent off. If you’re sick and tired of not feeling refreshed and energized when you wake up in the morning, you need to give Qualia Night a try, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA just released the closest pictures ever taken of the Sun — not to be confused with the highest resolution ones — courtesy of the Solar Orbiter, a collaboration between NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA). The close-ups are breathtaking to look at, and also reveal something entirely unexpected as well: small flares they're calling "campfires," all over the star's surface. "The campfires we are talking about here are the little nephews of solar flares, at least a million, perhaps a billion times smaller," said principal investigator David Berghmans, an astrophysicist at the Royal Observatory of Belgium in Brussels, in a a NASA statement. "When looking at the new high resolution EUI images, they are literally everywhere we look." Despite the majority of staff at ground control at the European Space Operations Center in Germany having to work from home during the ongoing pandemic, the team was able to obtain the images from the Solar Orbiter as it made its closest pass on June 15. The Orbiter came within just 48 million miles of the Sun. Its closest pass within the next year or so will get it within just 26.1 million miles. NASA's Parker Solar Probe came even closer in June, getting to within just 11.6 million miles from the surface. A closer flyby also means better images. "Because the camera itself doesn’t doesn’t have any zoom capability, that zooming happens by getting closer to the Sun,” Daniel Müller, ESA’s Solar Orbiter Project Scientist, told The Verge. "These unprecedented pictures of the Sun are the closest we have ever obtained," Holly Gilbert, NASA project scientist for the mission at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, said in the NASA statement. "These amazing images will help scientists piece together the Sun’s atmospheric layers, which is important for understanding how it drives space weather near the Earth and throughout the solar system." Scientists are still unsure as to the exact nature of these "little" flare-ups — each of them are about the size of a country. But we might soon know more thanks to the Solar Orbiter's other scientific instruments. The Spectral Imaging of the Coronal Environment, or SPICE instrument, can measure the exact temperature of each nanoflare. "So we're eagerly awaiting our next data set," Frédéric Auchère, principal investigator for SPICE operations at the Institute for Space Astrophysics in Orsay, France, said in NASA's statement. "The hope is to detect nanoflares for sure and to quantify their role in coronal heating." Müller suggested to The Verge that the campfires "in total they could add up enough energy to heat the corona." In other words, all these tiny flares could add up to enough energy to heat up the Sun's entire atmosphere. The Solar Orbiter is outfitted with an entire suite of scientific gear. Counting the cameras and the SPICE instrument, the small spacecraft features ten different instruments, all collecting invaluable data about our star. Scientists weren't expecting to find anything groundbreaking from the Orbiter's first ever images — yet thanks to the Extreme Ultraviolet Imager, astronomers were astonished to discover what they called "campfires" all over the Sun's surface. "We didn’t really expect such great results right from the start," Müller, ESA’s Solar Orbiter Project Scientist, said in an ESA statement. "We can also see how our ten scientific instruments complement each other, providing a holistic picture of the Sun and the surrounding environment." As part of a different experiment, scientists are excited to soon get a much closer and detailed look at structures of solar wind, massive streams of charged particles released from the Sun's corona that make their way through the solar system. Thanks to yet another instrument, the researchers are also getting an unprecedented look at the Sun's magnetic field, particularly at each of its poles. READ MORE: The closest images of the Sun ever taken reveal tiny solar flares dotting the star’s surface [The Verge] More on the Solar Orbiter: A Space Probe Just Took the Closest Pictures of the Sun Ever Share This Article 
A white dwarf star was sent hurtling through the Milky Way at more than half a million miles per hour after experiencing a "partial supernova." White dwarves are extremely dense, Earth-sized cores that are left over after a star has depleted all its fuel and shed its outer layers. Astronomers believe the white dwarf in question, dubbed SDSS J1240+6710, was once part of a binary star system, the BBC reports. First discovered in 2015 some 1,430 light-years from Earth, astronomers detected a highly unusual mix of oxygen, neon, magnesium, and silicon in its atmosphere — not the layers of hydrogen and helium white dwarves usually are made up of. Several years later, using data from NASA's Hubble Space Telescope, an international team of astronomers discovered that the bizarre white dwarf also had carbon, sodium, and aluminum in its atmosphere, the tell-tale signs of a supernova. Making matters even more unusual, the scientists didn't find heavier elements including iron, nickel, chromium, and manganese, which usually are found after "Type Ia" supernova, which occur in binary systems where one of the stars is a white dwarf. This led them to believe that the white dwarf only experienced — and survived — a "partial" supernova. "That's what makes this white dwarf unique — it did undergo nuclear burning, but stopped before it got to iron," Gänsicke told Space.com. "This star is unique because it has all the key features of a white dwarf but it has this very high velocity and unusual abundances that make no sense when combined with its low mass," Boris Gänsicke, physics professor at the University of Warwick, UK, and lead author of a paper about the research published the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, said in a statement. "It would have been a type of supernova, but of a kind that that we haven't seen before," he added. Here's what they think might have happened: Both stars in the suspected binary system were shot in opposite directions, like a cosmic slingshot, when the white dwarf suddenly shed a large portion of its mass. Such an event would have resulted in a blip of light that would've been near impossible to detect from Earth. "When it had its supernova event, it was likely just brief, maybe a couple of hours," Gänsicke told Space.com. "We are now discovering that there are different types of white dwarf that survive supernovae under different conditions and using the compositions, masses and velocities that they have, we can figure out what type of supernova they have undergone," Gänsicke explained in the statement. "There is clearly a whole zoo out there," he added. "Studying the survivors of supernovae in our Milky Way will help us to understand the myriads of supernovae that we see going off in other galaxies." READ MORE: 'Partial supernova' blasts white dwarf star across the Milky Way [Space.com] More on white dwarves: Star Blasts Own Planets Into Shattered Corpses, Devours Remains Share This Article 
There have always been lots of reasons to drink alcohol, and the events of 2020 have only added to that list. But one of the biggest reasons for people drink is to enhance a sense of social connection with others. For many people, that benefit alone is worth the negative side-effects associated with drinking, like hangovers or loss of control. But over time, it can also seem as if alcohol is providing diminishing returns. So if you’ve been looking for an alternative, Kin’s special brand of “euphoric beverages" are alcohol-free drinks that might be just what you need to fill the gap. Euphoric beverages are alcohol-free drinks that are chemically engineered to give you a variety of euphoric sensations, as well as an increase in conscious connection with others. This is done by way of natural herbs known as adaptogens that let users better manage stress, compounds called nootropics that boost cognition, and other plant-based ingredients called botanics that handle flavor, function, and nutrition. Together, these adaptogens, nootropics, and botanics give us Kin’s euphoric beverages, which come in three different varieties. Here’s a rundown of the alcohol-free drinks offered by Kin. Kin Spritz is meant as a daytime drink that gives you a sunny boost of euphorics from the first gulp. The Kin version of a classic “summer spritz” has a flavor core of citrus and a ginger kick that gives it a unique flavor in front of the euphorics, which react to your own personal body chemistry to create a plethora of possible effects. Some report euphoric joy, while others report a relaxing calm sensation. And the cognitive brain boost courtesy of the nootropics in the drink can make it a valuable part of your daily routine. Kin’s nighttime drink comes with a light dose of melatonin, the substance your own brain produces when it’s time to go to sleep. Relaxation and euphoria are some of the common effects enjoyed by those who drink Dream Light, and it’s designed to be the perfect nightcap to help start the process of getting you to sleep, but without any strong side-effects. On the flavor side, it has an “earthy, smoky, and smoothly spiced palette." It also contains L-theanine and passionflower, which give a boost to your GABA levels, and l-tryptophan which supports the flow of serotonin, another important component of your body’s sleep process. Kin High Rhode is the tart, floral herbaceous euphoric that’s designed as a mixer. Alcohol is not encouraged to be used with this or any Kin product, but High Rhode makes a great combination with your favorite juices and sodas and can give you a euphoric boost in relaxation, clear thought, and social interactions. All Kin products can be purchased individually, or as part of a subscription plan at a discount. Gift sets are also available. So if you’re ready to say goodbye to hangovers and change the paradigm of "social drinking," you're ready to embark on your first journey into the world of euphorics. So head over to the official Kin site, where you can order any or all of Kin's alcohol-free drinks, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Fans of The Jetsons (and, presumably, readers of Futurism) are familiar with the science-fiction concept of perfect food at the touch of a button. And while we might still be a long way off from using a re-hydrating device to make a flawlessly cooked steak, technology is working it's way to the grill. And one prime example of this is the MEATER+ meat thermometer and Bluetooth repeater, which brings an unprecedented amount of precision to your grill even if you're not at your grill. If you’re not familiar with MEATER, it’s a total game-changer for anyone who loves to grill. It's similar to a traditional meat thermometer, but the MEATER+ adds extended Bluetooth connectivity range to the mix, giving you up to 165-feet of wireless range. Billed as the first-ever truly wireless smart meat thermometer, all of the sophisticated electronics that allow MEATER+ to monitor the internal temperature of your steak, fish, chicken, and so on are housed completely inside the MEATER+ probe. Translation: no need for any wires, period. MEATER+ has two separate temperature sensors in one probe: one for internal meat temperature and another for ambient grill temperature, giving users another layer of precision in crafting the perfect meal. But since MEATER+ also syncs up with the MEATER smart app, you don’t have to be a precise cook to get the meat exactly right. That's because the Guided Cook System takes you step-by-step through each part of the cooking process, and the Advanced Estimator Algorithm gives you the best available guess on how long the meat should rest after cooking. And as long as you know how to use a regular meat thermometer, you'll likely find MEATER to be even simpler to set up and use. The MEATER+ Bluetooth Repeater extends the MEATER’s wireless range to up to 165 feet, but if that’s not enough, you can sync up your phone and keep an eye on your meat wherever you have an Internet connection. With the MEATER app, you’ll get the cook guides mentioned above, smartphone alerts, and even the ability to monitor multiple cooks at once. The only thing it won’t do is take the meat off the grill or out of the oven for you. The MEATER+ is built to last from stainless steel and heatproof ceramic and is powered by a rechargeable single AAA battery that will take about 100 charges before needing to be replaced. The charging dock itself is a handsome bamboo number that will look great next to your grill or in your kitchen, where it can stand free or attach to any metallic surface courtesy of built-in magnets. And the whole bundle, including the thermometer, Bluetooth extender, and charging dock, costs just $99. If your mouth is already starting to water, head over to the official MEATER+ online store to place your order and change your culinary game for the better. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
People around the globe are having way fewer babies. By the year 2100, that might turn into a pretty big problem for humanity — rather than the relief one might expect. If they aren't already, dozens of countries' populations will be going into decline in this century, according to a new study published in the Lancet this week. 23 countries are expected to feel this effect intensify, with their populations dropping to half of what they are now by the year 2100. The global population will peak at 9.7 billion around 2064, according to the new projection, and then drop off to 8.8 billion towards the end of the century. "That's a pretty big thing; most of the world is transitioning into natural population decline," Christopher Murray, co-author and researcher at the University of Washington, Seattle, told the BBC. "I think it's incredibly hard to think this through and recognize how big a thing this is; it's extraordinary, we'll have to reorganize societies." The reality is that with more women receiving an education and entering the work force, combined with the wide availability of contraception, fertility rates are dropping, sometimes precipitously, around the world — a stark reversal of the baby boom following the Second World War. Countries including Spain, Portugal, and Thailand will have their populations more than halve by the end of the century — "jaw-dropping," according to Murray. But aren't fewer humans better for a ravished world that's rapidly being drained of its resources? The researchers suggest that there may be fewer babies being born, but any positive consequences for the environment would be offset by the challenges of a rapidly aging population. Much older populations "will create enormous social change," Murray told the BBC. "Who pays tax in a massively aged world? Who pays for healthcare for the elderly? Who looks after the elderly? Will people still be able to retire from work?" "We need a soft landing," he added. Declining populations around the globe will force our hand to come up with solutions. The success of economies around the world will become increasingly dependent on immigrants and open borders. Africa will only feel the effects of declining populations much later, with populations in several African nations ballooning, instead of shrinking, in population size by 2100. In fact, the researchers note that Nigeria is projected to become the second most populous country in the world, with 791 million people by 2100. "We will have many more people of African descent in many more countries as we go through this," Murray told the BBC, noting that the world will have to address "challenges around racism" as a result. It's unclear how the world should adapt to these looming realities. We've only seen limited success in promoting childbirth using policy tools like longer maternity and paternity leave, childcare, and financial incentives. "If you can't [find a solution] then eventually the species disappears, but that's a few centuries away," Murray said. Share This Article 
We all need a little help staying alert, focused, and productive. That’s why approximately 90 percent of Americans over the age of 18 consume caffeine in one form or another every single day. However, while caffeine is very good at making us feel awake, it doesn’t actually improve brain function. If you want to do that, you need to feed your brain, not just pump it full of stimulants. That’s why the scientists at TruBrain created Brain Food, an advanced nootropics formula designed to support the biological conditions necessary for peak cognitive performance. And now, with TruBrain Capsules, taking this advanced nootropics formula is easier and more convenient than ever. TruBrain was founded by a former Unilever executive and a team of UCLA neuroscientists who wanted to help regular people improve mental clarity, sharpen concentration, and boost creativity. To accomplish this goal they created Brain Food, a unique blend of nootropic compounds designed to support the biological conditions necessary for peak cognitive performance. What are nootropics? Though some companies market them as “smart drugs,” in reality nootropics are just nutrients, minerals, amino acids, and other compounds that serve as fuel for neurotransmission. Humans have been using nootropic compounds to boost mental performance for millennia. However, scientists today know a lot more about how nootropics work, and which ones have synergistic interactions with each other. This is the knowledge that helped TruBrain create Brain Food, the formula inside Trubrain Capsules. Unlike other versions of their Brain Food formula, TruBrain Capsules are caffeine-free, making them ideal for people who love their coffee but don’t want to overdo it with the caffeine. The main ingredient in TruBrain Capsules is noopept, a synthetic nootropic molecule that does two key things. First, it increases blood flow to the brain, thereby enhancing neuroplasticity, which is a brain cell’s ability to build new neural connections. More neural connections means higher brain function. Second, noopept makes acetylcholine receptors in the brain more receptive to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, which thus allows for faster and more efficient communication between neurons. If your brain is going to be functioning at a higher capacity, it’s going to need more fuel. For that reason, TruBrain Capsules also contain key raw nutrients that your brain’s attention system burns for energy. These raw nutrients include magnesium, a key mineral that an estimated 90 percent is deficient in; tyrosine, an amino acid that plays a vital role in communication between brain cells; and carnitine, which helps neurons break down glucose and fatty acids for fuel. The final ingredients in TruBrain Capsules L-Theanine, Centrophenoxine, and Uridine Monophosphate. L-Theanine is an amino acid that produces a sense of calm and relaxation and is especially effective in soothing nervousness and jitters. Centrophenoxine is a dietary supplement that has been shown to boost memory. And Uridine Monophosphate is a nucleotide that supports overall cognitive function and promotes restful sleep. TruBrain Capsules are not designed to increase your IQ. Unfortunately, that’s impossible. However, TruBrain’s nootropics have been shown by third-party clinical trials and EEG brainwave analysis to boost high alpha brain waves, which are indicators of an increased ability to focus, enhanced verbal fluency, as well as improved memory and learning. What does that mean in plain English? It means that if you’re looking for something that can help maximize your brain's existing potential, TruBrain Capsules are definitely worth a shot. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It’s not an exaggeration to say that when it comes to the future of human progress, nothing is more important than Artificial Intelligence (AI). Although often thought to only be associated with everyday entities such as self-driving cars and Google search rankings, AI is in fact the driving force behind virtually every major and minor technology that’s bringing people together and solving humanity's problems. You’d be hard-pressed to find an industry that hasn’t embraced AI in some shape or form, and our reliance on this field is only going to grow in the coming years—as microchips become more powerful and quantum computing begins to be more accessible. So it should go without saying that if you’re truly interested in staying ahead of the curve in an AI-driven world, you’re going to have to have at least a baseline understanding of the methodologies, programming languages, and platforms that are used by AI professionals around the world. This can be an understandably intimidating reality for anyone who doesn’t already have years of experience in tech or programming, but the good news is that you can master the basics and even some of the more advanced elements of AI and all of its various implications without spending an obscene amount of time or money on a traditional education. The Ultimate Artificial Intelligence Scientist Certification Bundle (which is currently on sale for just $34.99) comes with over 87 hours of expert-led content that will get you up to speed with some of the most important elements of AI and its two primary drivers—machine learning and deep learning—all while teaching you about the programming languages and development platforms that bring these technologies to life. In the Machine Learning A-Z course (which by itself boasts close to 120,000 positive ratings from over 650,000 students), you’ll wade through the various ways in which this multifaceted technology is used to create complex algorithms and coding libraries that can drastically reduce the amount of time it takes to create both physical and digital systems. Through over 280 lectures, this introductory course is an invaluable resource for learning about the basics of AI, along with the overarching ideas that give it its value. From there, you’ll be able to move on to the Deep Learning A-Z course. While similar to machine learning in many ways, Deep Learning networks actually require no human intervention. Whereas machine learning algorithms require large-scale data input and occasional human guidance, Deep Learning infrastructures actually use neural networks in order to “learn” from their own mistakes—making them incredibly valuable when it comes to creating advanced technologies. Using real-world examples that are easy to understand, this popular Deep Learning course will get you up to speed with the methods and themes that lie at the heart of some of the most advanced and exciting AI technologies, and there are plenty of hands-on exercises to reinforce your new knowledge. With your newly-acquired understanding of machine learning and deep learning, you’ll be ready to dive into the programming languages and tools that actually bring these platforms to life in the real world. In Python A-Z, you’ll learn how this ubiquitous and powerful programming language is used in order to create intricate algorithms that can allow users to gain valuable insights from complex data sets—all through lessons that teach you about both the basic terminology of the language along with the more nuanced ways in which it can be used to further technology. Finally, the Tensorflow 2.0 course will round out your AI education by teaching you how to actually create AI tools and solutions right on your laptop. Through over 130 lectures, this top-rated course focuses primarily on the industry models that are used to develop neural networks and engineering algorithms, and there are plenty of lessons that will teach you about time-saving tricks that will allow you to streamline your workflow. The future is undoubtedly built on AI along with the various sub-technologies and platforms that bring it to life. Even if you’ve never worked in a tech-related industry or written a line of code in your life, the Ultimate Artificial Intelligence Scientist Certification Bundle will help you stay competitive and in-demand in an increasingly AI-driven world, and it’s currently available for 95% off its usual price at just $34.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Thinking things through is important. We count on our brains to make split-second decisions and long-term ones, to process complex ideas quickly and synthesize relevant information at the snap of a finger. For some people, it feels like those skills come naturally. If you're indecisive, the very idea of making a decision might have you feeling sweat start to form on your brow right this second. As important as thinking is, you don't want to spend all day just processing information. You want to spend your days doing things. Experts recommend the 20/80 rule: spend 20% of your time thinking and 80% of your time doing. But that's only possible if you've mastered the art of thinking first. That's where the Mastering Thinking Skills Bundle featuring Timothy Kenny comes in. Get expert instruction that will train your brain to process information so you can spend more time doing. Not all thinking is the same. If you get stuck working through different possibilities in your head, you might miss out on opportunities. Studies recommend not overworking your brain, as it can perform worse when tasked with too much to do. Similarly, there is evidence that those who can quickly access their thinking skills often perform better. With the course Mastering Thinking Skills Vol 1: The 12 Fundamental Skills, you'll be able to tap into those skills quickly and get to thinking while other peoples' brains are still sputtering. By simply teaching yourself how to think more efficiently, you'll see improvements in your performance, whether it be at work, school, or just in your personal relationships. Once you know how to access your critical thinking skills quickly, you just might to start to pick up on more little details of the world around you—certain behaviors that people exhibit, the more subtle ways of communicating and providing subtext on top just talking or typing. These "mini languages" are all around us, you just have to be able to know how to read them. Mastering Thinking Skills Vol 3: 15 Secret Mini Languages walks you through a baker's dozen worth of mini languages, teaching you how to pick up on important cues and navigate the unwritten and unspoken words that are constantly on display. Once you have an awareness of these symbolic systems, you'll start reading situations differently and with more knowledge in your arsenal. Critical thinking is every bit as important in the boardroom as it is when standing in front of a canvas. Whether you want to use your skills to create or to master the art of negotiation and climb the corporate ladder, there is a course for you. Check out Mastering Thinking Skills Vol 2: Become a Creative Genius to see how your thinking skills can be applied while creating. Mastering Thinking Skills Vol 4: Mental Math will teach you how to think on your feet and work through math problems and other challenges without needing to sit down with a pen and paper. Thinking critically is a key to success in all parts of life. All it takes is a little training to teach your brain how to think in order to optimize your decision making and start seeing better outcomes. The Mastering Thinking Skills Bundle featuring Timothy Kenny has all the courses you need to accomplish that. This course bundle is valued at $796, but you can save 97% off the retail price right now. That means you'll pay just $21.99 for a collection of courses that will help supercharge your brain and teach you how to think critically. This deal is a no brainer, so grab it while you can! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
This past autumn, a professor at Wuhan University named Jau Tang was hard at work piecing together a thruster prototype that, at first, sounds too good to be true. The basic idea, he said in an interview, is that his device turns electricity directly into thrust — no fossil fuels required — by using microwaves to energize compressed air into a plasma state and shooting it out like a jet. Tang suggested, without a hint of self-aggrandizement, that it could likely be scaled up enough to fly large commercial passenger planes. Eventually, he says, it might even power spaceships. Needless to say, these are grandiose claims. A thruster that doesn’t require tanks of fuel sounds suspiciously like science fiction — like the jets on Iron Man’s suit in the Marvel movies, for instance, or the thrusters that allow Doc Brown’s DeLorean to fly in “Back to the Future.” But in Tang’s telling, his invention — let’s just call it a Tang Jet, which he worked on with Wuhan University collaborators Dan Ye and Jun Li — could have civilization-shifting potential here in the non-fictional world. "Essentially, the goal of this technology is to try and use electricity and air to replace gasoline," he said. "Global warming is a major threat to human civilization. Fossil fuel-free technology using microwave air plasma could be a solution." He anticipates this happening fast. In two years, he says, he thinks Tang Jets could power drones. In a decade, he’d like to see them fly a whole airplane. That would all be awesome, obviously. But it’s difficult to evaluate whether Tang’s invention could ever scale up enough to become practical. And even if it did, there would be substantial energy requirements that could doom aerospace applications. One thing’s for sure: If the tech works the way he hopes, the world will never be the same. Tang’s curriculum vitae flits between a dazzling array of strikingly disparate academic topics, from 4D electron microscopy to quantum dot lasers, nanotechnology, artificial photosynthesis, and, of course, phase transitions and plasmonics. He’s held several professorships, done research at Caltech and Bell Laboratories, published scores of widely-cited papers, edited several scientific journals, and won a variety of awards. He holds a U.S. patent for a device he calls a “synchrotron shutter," designed to capture electrons traveling near the speed of light. Tang says he first stumbled onto the idea for the plasma thruster when he was trying to create synthetic diamonds. As he tried to grow them using microwaves, he recalls, he started to wonder whether the same technology could be used to produce thrust. Other huge stories, like the coronavirus pandemic and the baffling saga of Elon Musk naming his baby “X Æ A-12,” were sucking a lot of oxygen out of the news cycle in early May, when Tang announced his invention to the world. A few outlets picked up Tang’s story, including New Atlas, Popular Mechanics, and Ars Technica, but no journalist appears to have actually talked to him.  Because of that, there was little fanfare surrounding the sheer scope of his ambition for the technology — and it went overlooked that Tang sometimes sounds as though he’s invented a hammer and is now seeing a lot of things as nails. After describing his plans to conquer aerospace with his new thruster, for instance, he starts to describe plans to take on the automotive industry as well — with jet-powered electric cars. "I think the jet engine is more efficient than the electric motor, you can drive a car at much faster speeds," he mused. "That's what I have in mind: to combine the plasma jet engine with a turbine to drive a car.” But you wouldn’t want to drive behind it, he warned, because you could be scorched by its fiery jet stream. Over the course of our interview, Tang also brought up the possibilities of using the technology to build projectile weapons, launch spaceships, power boats, and even create a new type of stove for cooking. On that last point, Tang said that he’s already built a prototype kitchen stove powered by a microwave air plasma torch — but it’s so deafeningly loud that it sounds like a constant lightning strike. Technically, the Tang Jet is an attempt to build a “plasma thruster,” a concept that's periodically gained attention in scientific circles. Michael Heil, a retired aerospace and propulsion engineer with a long career of Air Force and NASA research, told Futurism that Tang’s research reminds him of several other attempts to build air propulsion tech that he’s encountered over the years. Plasma thrusters like those that would power a Tang Jet have been around for a while. NASA first launched a satellite equipped with plasma thrusters back in 2006, but its capabilities are a far cry from what Tang is proposing with his research. Engineers have long dreamed of a plasma jet-powered plane, but every attempt has been smacked down by the technological limitations of the day. For example, New Scientist reported in 2017 that a team from Electrofluidsystems in Berlin attempted to build a similar thruster — but like every attempt over the previous decade, their work never became useful outside of the lab. The problems with these attempts aren’t so much faults with the theory — the concept of generating thrust with a plasma torch is fairly sound. Rather, issues begin to pop up when working out the logistics of building a vehicle that actually works. Tang has little interest in commercializing the jet himself. Instead, he wants to demonstrate its merits in hopes that well-funded government leaders or titans of industry will be inspired to take the ideas and run with them. "The steps toward realization of a full plasma jet engine would cost lots of money, time and energy," he said. "Such investment is beyond our present resources. Such tasks should be taken by aerospace industries or governmental agencies." That's a common mindset for scientists, said Christopher Combs, an aerodynamics researcher at the University of Texas at San Antonio. "That's what us academics do, we figure out the physics and say 'Well I don't want to make a product,'" he told Futurism. "It's kind of a common refrain to see people in academia who have had something that gets a lot of attention." Though he’s intrigued by the underlying principles of the Tang Jet, Combs says it’s unlikely that it will scale up to the size needed to lift a plane — in other words, the same challenges that proved insurmountable to previous plasma thrusters will rear their heads once again. The current prototype, for perspective, only produces about 10 Newtons of thrust — about the same as a medium-sized model rocket. "You're talking about scaling something by five orders of magnitude — more than 100,000 times!" Combs said. "Which almost never works linearly. Lots of engineering happens in the middle." And even if it were to scale perfectly, there’s the issue of power. Iron Man’s suit was powered by an “Arc Reactor,” and the flying DeLorean was powered by a “Mr. Fusion” unit that turned household trash into more than a gigawatt of power — both of which, unfortunately, are fictional. Fossil fuels store vastly more energy by weight than batteries, and that’s unlikely to change any time soon. And that’s too bad, because the Tang Jet needs a whole lot of power. According to a paper Tang and his collaborators published about the thruster prototype in the journal AIP Advances in May, the technology produces about 28 Newtons of thrust per kilowatt of power. The engines on the Airbus A320, a common commercial jet, produce about 220,000 Newtons of thrust combined, meaning that a comparably-sized jet plane powered by Tang Jets would require more than 7,800 kilowatts. For perspective, that would mean loading an aircraft up with more than 570 Tesla Powerwall 2 units for a single hour of flight — an impractical load, especially because the A320’s payload could only carry about 130 of the giant battery units. Long story short, no existing battery tech could provide enough juice. “Does this thing just become a flying Tesla battery?” Combs said. “With the weight of these batteries, you don’t have room for anything else.” The battery weight issue doesn’t doom the Tang Jet, but it pushes options for its power source into the fringe. Tang is banking on improvements to battery technology over the next years and decades; those Electrofluidsystem researchers speculated about nuclear fusion. Unfortunately, any possible answers could be decades away or impossible. It is worth noting that there exist compact nuclear fission reactors, like Russia’s KLT-40S, that produce enough power and weigh little enough that they could fit in a passenger plane or rocket.  But the safety and environmental implications of nuclear-powered aircraft are grim, and Heil was quick to point out that generating enough power isn’t the only problem facing a Tang Jet. Actually getting the electricity from the power source to the thrusters would pose its own difficulties, perhaps requiring superconducting materials that don’t exist yet. "You need power to generate thrust. And how do you move that power around on the aircraft?" Heil said. "Moving and controlling megawatts from the reactor to the jet is a huge challenge. You have to use big thick copper wires, that adds a lot of weight." Overall, both Combs and Heil questioned the feasibility of a practical Tang Jet based on the technology we have today. Without a quick fix to the energy problem, it’s certainly a tall order.  But both said they were fascinated by the research and hoped to see future progress. They also pointed out that a plasma thruster could be useful for pushing satellites or spacecraft that are already in orbit — though at that point it would need to bring propellant with it rather than using atmospheric air, since there’d be none in the vacuum of space. The bottom line, Heil and Combs agreed, is that we won’t have a firmer grasp of the future of the tech until Tang’s colleagues have evaluated and experimented with it. “I'm rooting for this, and I'd love to see it pan out," Combs said. "But the scientist in me has some questions and some concerns." More on Tang's plasma jets: Scientists Create Jet Engine Powered by Only Electricity Share This Article 
A new visualization by Twitter user Neopork shows just how much room there is inside Starship's cargo fairing. According to the graphic, you could fit two entire standard 40-foot shipping containers, and still be able to comfortably stand on top of them. What up space nerds! This is what SpaceX Starship looks like with 2 standard 40 ft. shipping containers AND a 6' person in the cargo fairing for scale. HUGE. Retweet if you like it.@elonmusk @Erdayastronaut @DJSnM @NASASpaceflight @ChrisG_NSF @SciGuySpace @13ericralph31 @SpaceX pic.twitter.com/NAyET6v5d1 — Neopork (@Neopork85) June 30, 2020  "There are no guarantees Starship will be successful, but the capacity to get this much cargo into space, on a reusable vehicle, is truly revolutionary," said Ars Technica's senior space editor Eric Berger in a comment highlighting the graphic. If all goes according to plan — a substantial "if" — SpaceX says Starship will be capable of ferrying 100 passengers, or 100 tons of cargo, into orbit and on to the Moon or even Mars. To accomplish such a feat, the spacecraft needs plenty of room. In late March, SpaceX released its Payload User's Guide to its massive spacecraft, noting how a Super Heavy rocket configuration of the Starship could carry 100 metric tons of cargo into low-Earth orbit (roughly 400 km up, where the space station is located) and 'only' 21 tons to geostationary orbit (at 36,000 km, where the majority of satellites orbit Earth) as it's a substantially longer trip. The fairing could fit objects that are up to 72 feet in length and 26 feet wide. The guide also points out that thanks to its massive cargo capacity, future Starships could be used to refuel spacecraft in orbit so they can go on to much longer journeys. We still don't know when SpaceX will launch its first Starship mission. But as Ars Technica pointed out in March, Starship will likely fly cargo missions years before humans get a ride. SpaceX is already building its eighth Starship prototype at its testing facilities in Boca Chica, Texas. The tank alone is absolutely ginormous, as recent photos illustrate. With booster, the rocket will tower at about just shy of 400 feet, almost 100 feet taller than the Statue of Liberty. Editor's note 6/30/22: An earlier version of this story misstated the orbiting height of the International Space Station. It has been updated. READ MORE: SpaceX releases a Payload User’s Guide for its Starship rocket [Ars Technica] More on Starship: Damn, This Photo Shows How Huge SpaceX’s Starship Really Is Share This Article 
Is there a ninth planet lurking beyond the orbit of Neptune? Astronomers have been observing strange gravitational patterns of a cluster of bodies known as "trans-Neptunian objects," or TNOs, that could be explained by the presence of  massive ninth planet in our solar system. The hypothetical planet, dubbed "Planet Nine," would orbit our star at hundreds of times the distance between the Earth and the Sun. It's been a contentious topic, with some writing off the odd behavior of TNOs as being caused by a cluster of much smaller space rocks. Others predict that such a planet would be five times the mass of the Earth, orbiting our star at about 400 times the Earth's distance from the Sun. Finally, there's the possibility that Planet Nine is actually a teeny-tiny black hole left over from the Big Bang. So tiny, in fact, that it'd only measure about five centimeters across — basically impossible to see with any kind of telescope. "There has been a great deal of speculation concerning alternative explanations for the anomalous orbits observed in the outer solar system," explained Amir Siraj, a Harvard undergraduate student, in a statement. "One of the ideas put forth was the possibility that Planet Nine could be a grapefruit-sized black hole with a mass of five to 10 times that of the Earth." So which is it then? In a new paper accepted into the The Astrophysical Journal Letters, Siraj, alongside a team of astronomers from Harvard University and the Black Hole Initiative outlined a newly developed method that could hopefully answer that question once and or all. Their plan is to look for accretion flares given off as the tiny black hole gobbles up matter surrounding it. If they find some, it'd mean that Planet Nine is actually a black hole. "In the vicinity of a black hole, small bodies that approach it will melt as a result of heating from the background accretion of gas from the interstellar medium onto the black hole," Siraj said. "Because black holes are intrinsically dark, the radiation that matter emits on its way to the mouth of the black hole is our only way to illuminate this dark environment," added Avi Loeb, professor of science at Harvard who was also involved in the research. The team is placing their bets on the upcoming Legacy Survey of Space and Time (LSST) mission taking place at the Vera C. Rubin Observatory in Chile. Astronomers involved in the mission are hoping to answer questions about the nature of dark energy and dark matter as well as the formation and properties of planets in our solar system. "LSST has a wide field of view, covering the entire sky again and again, and searching for transient flares," Loeb said. "Other telescopes are good at pointing at a known target, but we do not know exactly where to look for Planet Nine. We only know the broad region in which it may reside." According to Loeb, the LSST's "unprecedented depth" will be able to spot even the smallest of flares. It's not the only attempt to uncover the mysteries behind Planet Nine. Most recently, a different team of astronomers announced it's hoping to launch a fleet of thousands of "nanospacecraft" to search for the mysterious object. Unfortunately, that vision is still a moonshot, with cost estimates breaking the $1 billion mark — that is, if it's even feasible from a technological standpoint in the first place. READ MORE: Scientists propose plan to determine if Planet Nine is a primordial black hole [Harvard] More on Planet Nine: A Black Hole May Be Orbiting Our Sun. This Guy Wants to Find It. Share This Article 
Astronomers have created a 3D map of a cosmic structure so gigantic that it's almost impossible to even comprehend. The "South Pole Wall" is a flabbergasting 1.4 billion light years across and contains hundreds of thousands of galaxies, Live Science reports. That puts it on par with the Sloan Great Wall, the sixth largest cosmic structure ever discovered at 1.38 billion light-years across. “The surprise for us is that this structure is as big as the Sloan Great Wall and twice as close, and remained unnoticed, being hidden in an obscured sector of the southern sky,” Daniel Pomarède from Paris-Saclay University and lead author of a paper about the research published in The Astrophysical Journal today, told The New York Times in an email. “The discovery is a wonderful poster child for the power of visualizations in research," co-lead Brent Tully of the University of Hawaii, told the Times. To create their map of the South Pole Wall, the cosmographers had to use new sky surveys to peek past the "Zone of Galactic Obscuration," an area in the southern part of the observable universe that's obscured by the comparatively bright Milky Way. The new research builds on a 2014 discovery by the same team of cosmographers of a supercluster of galaxies — with the Milky Way being one of approximately 100,000 galaxies contained within — called "Laniakea." To put the size of the South Pole Wall into perspective, our own Milky Way galaxy is a mere 52,850 light years across. Counted in miles, the distance of the South Pole Wall end-to-end would end up have 21 zeroes attached to it. Estimates put the number of grains of sand on Earth at just 7.5 quintillion (18 zeros). These gigantic structures are made up of countless clumps called "cosmic webs" floating inside enormous clouds of hydrogen gas. Outside these larger structures, there's not a whole lot of stuff, as far as we know. To make the discovery, the team came up with a new technique to measure the dizzying size of the South Pole Wall, which takes into account the velocity of galaxies as they exert gravitational forces on each other. This new technique was even able to take dark matter into consideration, the mysterious stuff believed to make up approximately 85 percent of the matter in the universe. While dark matter remains a mystery, astronomers suggest it could be the scaffolding that determines the shape of these cosmic structures. As of right now, the largest cosmic structure ever discovered is the Hercules-Corona Borealis Great Wall, which spans 10 billion light-years. Even then, the Wall accounts for only a tenth the size of the observable universe, which spans about 93 billion light years. READ MORE: Astronomers discover South Pole Wall, a gigantic structure stretching 1.4 billion light-years across [Live Science] More on super structures: Strange Theory: Entire Universe Structured by "Quantum Static" Share This Article 
Sending a Mars astronaut suffering a medical emergency back to Earth would be effectively impossible — so future space travelers may have to conduct lifesaving surgical procedures in the near-zero gravity environment of space. That could be a messy — and potentially dangerous — endeavor, as Nina Louise Purvis, postgraduate researcher in space medicine at King's College London, writes in a new piece for The Conversation. We already know that space isn't kind on the human body. From dangerous levels of solar radiation to weakening bones and muscles, even a common cold could end up making space travelers' lives miserable. Stack the need of a surgical procedure on top of that and you're looking at a messy operating room. During zero gravity tests on animals — there's never been surgery on a human in space — scientists had to deal with some troublesome working conditions. "One problem was that, during open surgery, the intestines would float around, obscuring view of the surgical field," Purvis wrote. "To deal with this, space travelers should opt for minimally invasive surgical techniques, such as keyhole surgery, ideally occurring within patients' internal cavities through small incisions using a camera and instruments." Scientists have already tested laparoscopic surgery techniques like this in near-zero gravity environments. They worry, though, that astronauts might not be able to get over the horrors of performing the grisly surgeries on crew mates. Intestines aside, blood droplets would end up airborne, a risk not only to the surgeon's view, but increasing the risk of infection as well. According to Purvis, scientists are trying to tackle the issue with closed-surgery bubbles with a separate air supply inside spacecraft and blood-repelling surgical tools. These tools could also end up being manufactured in space using 3D printers, rather than schlepping them all the way from Earth. Another sci-fi option would be to have robots perform surgeries in space on our behalf — a practice that has already seen moderate amounts of success back on Earth. There's a lot we still don't know about what the realities of emergencies during missions to Mars would entail. The best option: perform as few surgeries in space as possible. READ MORE: From floating guts to 'sticky' blood – here's how to do surgery in space [The Conversation] More on space surgery: Here's Why NASA Wants to 3D Print Human Hearts in Space Share This Article 
There are basically two kinds of blenders that occupy a typical kitchen. One is the “special occasion” blender, which actually isn’t very special at all - a cheap one-speed wonder that you use to make margaritas twice a year. Then there’s the real connoisseur’s blender, which never gets hidden away in the pantry. You use it pretty much every single day, so a blender like that is a real investment. So if you’re looking to make the upgrade, you’re not likely to find one better than an Ascent Series Vitamix Blender. Each high-tech machine in the Vitamix Ascent Series is a top-of-the-line blender in its own way, and even if you selected one at random there’s very little chance that you wouldn’t be satisfied. But since Vitamix blenders are for people who know what they want in a blender, you’ll probably want more information than that before making your choice. The least expensive Vitamix Ascent blender is by no means a bargain-basement choice. The A2300 features a 1-10 speed dial, a manual stop/start switch, and pulse function. And like all of the Ascent Series, it also features SELF-DETECT technology, which lets it sense what container you have attached to it, and adjust its blend-settings to match it. The A2300 costs $499.95 from Vitamix’s online store. Next in line is the A2500, which like the A2300 is manually operated with a ten-speed dial. But it also has three preset program settings for smoothies, hot soup, and frozen desserts. You won't find that level of convenience with a traditional blender. You can get the A2500 for $499.95. Also priced at $499.95 is the A3300, which is essentially the A2300 with a touchscreen upgrade. Instead of a manual touch dial, pulse switch, and digital timer, we have touch start/stop, touch pulse function, and a touch programmable timer. Basically, if you prefer total control over preset programs, but touchscreen controls over manual switches and dials, the A3300 is for you. The top of the Vitamix Ascent line is the A3500, which has five program settings (the aforementioned smoothie, soup, and dessert settings, plus settings for dips, spreads, and self-cleaning), all controlled via touchscreen. You can get yours for $599.95 at the Vitamix online store. Although they aren't exactly cheap, all Vitamix Ascent blenders are available with 0% financing across 24 monthly PayPal Credit payments. So if you’re ready to take your blender game to the next level, you can get more information on the Vitamix Ascent series at the brand’s official site. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Have you ever had a moment where somebody asks you about some fact in a book you read, and you come up blank? You're not alone, and it can be a frustrating experience. Yet, we often forget that these aren't innate abilities. They're skills, and they're ones you can improve by learning speed reading and memory techniques, built on neuroscience and research. If you'd like to read more and remember more, the Speed Reading & Memory Master Bundle can show you how for just $50. The average reading speed isn't as fast as you might think; a meta-study found it was 238 words per minute (wpm). Reading activates a number of different areas of the brain, which work together to get through that book. Like any team, if one member lags, or if you're not interested in the task, it can be tough to get the task done. And we're being asked to do more reading as work than ever. The average worker gets 121 emails a day, and as we seek higher education to improve our careers, or take on more tasks that require technical manuals, memos, binders, and other material, reading will take up more and more of our time at work, if we let it. The Speed Reading & Memory Mastery Bundle starts by clearing away the bad habits, and moving on to advanced speed reading and memory techniques. The Ultimate Speed Reading Course: Why do we read slowly? Like any skill we need to improve, it's because we've built bad habits over time, such as going back and rereading when we don't need to, reading one word at a time, and reading out loud, even in our minds. Across its 49 lessons, this course explores those habits, how to undo them, and how to replace them with better habits that help you read faster and remember more. Speed Reading Simplified: Like any skill, there are techniques you can learn over time to be more efficient at reading. This 20-lesson course gives you a short, snappy guide to several techniques you can use to pick up your reading speed, especially when you've got a stack of required reading in the way of your actual work. Speed Reading Mastery: Double Your Reading Speed: Do you hear a voice in your head when you read this? Many do. It's called prosody, and it's useful when speaking, but less so when reading. That's just one of 43 specific habits this course will analyze, show you how to brush away, and let you read faster and more efficiently.  Improve Your Memory: We often think of memory as innate or genetic, yet it can be trained in all sorts of ways. Jump into this course, and you'll learn the basics of how memory works in the brain and explore various methods geared toward helping you to boost your memory and recall. Psychology of Memory: Strengthen & Improve Your Memory: Neurology and psychology work together in our daily lives, and understanding the psychology behind what we remember and what we forget is just as important as grasping how memory works. This course will walk you through the psychological perspective on memory, and how to make use of it as a skill. Short of deleting everything, we probably can't control the flood of emails, training materials, manuals, and more. But with the Speed Reading & Memory Mastery Bundle, you can dam that flood and get ahead at work. Save over 90% when you get it today for only $29.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For years, we've been promised a near future in which cars drive themselves as well as a human motorist — while their occupants scroll through Twitter or browse Netflix in a cozy cabin with comfy seats. That dream, formally known as Level 5 autonomy, is probably still many years out — but Tesla CEO Elon Musk believes it could be right around the corner. In a video message recorded for the opening of Shanghai’s annual World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC), Musk said he's confident Tesla will be able to deliver basic Level 5 autonomy in its vehicles as soon as this year. "I'm extremely confident that level 5 or essentially complete autonomy will happen and I think will happen very quickly," Musk said in the video. "I remain confident that we will have the basic functionality for level 5 autonomy complete this year." The news comes after Tesla has seen huge successes in the Asian market, selling almost 15,000 Model 3 vehicles in China in June alone, an increase of 35 percent month-over-month. One of the vehicle's key selling points: a futuristic self-driving feature. Tesla has been offering a "Full Self-Driving" package for nearly right half a decade now, and while the company's technology has come a long way, drivers still have to be paying attention to the road, with a light-up symbol on the dashboard reminding them to place their hands on the wheel while the system is engaged. In a recent step, Tesla released its “Traffic Light and Stop Sign Control” feature in April, which allows Tesla vehicles to navigate complex intersections, including stop signs and traffic lights, autonomously. But when can we expect to take our hands off the wheel once and for all? Musk did not elaborate what he meant by "basic functionality." As Electrek points out, Tesla would still need to improve the system substantially for Level 5 functionality. Musk himself seems aware of that. "I think there are no fundamental challenges remaining for level 5 autonomy," Musk said in the video. "There are many small problems," he said, adding that future iterations would be "able to handle the vast majority of situations." "Nothing is more complex and weird than the real world," the CEO admitted. The artificial intelligence systems used in self-driving technologies do have limitations — and not just related to software, but hardware as well. According to Musk, Tesla is working on heat-projection and cooling systems to give the computers in Tesla cars a major upgrade in the near future. Consumer behavior that will also have to adjust to the realities of full autonomy. And that will take a lot of building up of trust. Tesla's "Autopilot" feature has been implicated in a number of accidents, some fatal. In the most recent incident, a Taiwanese Model 3 owner allegedly had the feature turned on right before slamming into a flipped truck trailer last month. Other key players, including Lyft's self-driving vehicle division, are also eyeing Level 5 autonomy — in fact, the division itself is dubbed "Level 5." The company recently resumed testing its self-driving vehicles on public roads in California after a long coronavirus-imposed break. During the break, the company had to rely on computer simulations to teach its self-driving AIs how to expect the unexpected on public roads, according to a recent blog post. The company is claiming it's been a fruitful endeavor, reducing the need of testing physical self-driving vehicles on public roads "by several orders of magnitude." Amazon is also eyeing full self-driving technology. The e-retail giant recently purchased self-driving auto startup Zoox for $1.2 billion. According to investors, the move is likely a bid to enable autonomous last mile deliveries. Google spin-off Waymo has often been described as the frontrunner in the race to Level 5 autonomy, with the most collective miles driven autonomously on public roads. The company's self-driving minivans are already delivering groceries in Texas. Its flagship operation in Phoenix, Arizona has been taking passengers from point A to point B for years now. The global pandemic may have hurt operations and bottom lines for the likes of Tesla and Waymo — but it may have ended up highlighting the importance of robotic drivers as well, as Bloomberg points out. Without a driver behind the wheel, the risk of spreading the coronavirus is substantially reduced. The same goes for autonomous delivery robots on sidewalks, with demand for contactless delivery options exploding during the pandemic. But even with 2020 accelerating the need for such ventures, including fully self-driving cars, Musk is likely being overly optimistic about the tech. "The hype got ahead of the reality, but honestly, it’s gone way faster than I would have ever believed,” Gary Silberg, a partner at KPMG, a multinational professional services network, told Bloomberg. "I mean, it’s literally like putting somebody on the Moon. It’s that complex." Meanwhile, Tesla seems to relish the challenge. In April, Musk renewed his vow to deploy a million "robotaxi" vehicles by the end of the year, noting that "regulatory approval is the big unknown." READ MORE: Tesla (TSLA): Elon Musk says ‘very close’ to level 5 autonomy complete [Electrek] More on Tesla: Police Are Seeking Tesla Owners to Solve an Attempted Murder Share This Article 
When it comes to protecting your online privacy and security, the first thing you should probably do is subscribe to a VPN. And if you have not done that yet, this is your lucky day. Right now you can get a really great deal on a three-year subscription to CyberGhost VPN, which will give you comprehensive protection and anonymity without throttling connection speeds. Back in the day people thought the internet was this big anonymous place where they could do whatever they wanted. But now we know that is not the case. Pretty much every single thing you do online is being tracked and recorded by someone. Your internet service provider, or ISP, logs every website you visit, while websites you visit use your unique IP address to keep track of everything you buy or “like” on social media. When you use the free wifi at your local cafe or mall, hackers could be peeking in, just waiting to grab your usernames, passwords, and credit card numbers. What does all this mean? It means you always have to be looking over your shoulder when you access the internet. ISPs regularly sell the data they collect to data brokerage firms who turn around and sell it to shady internet marketing companies. Meanwhile, companies like Facebook, Microsoft, Netflix, Spotify, and Amazon have been swapping their user data with each other for years in an effort to build more complete algorithms aimed at getting us to buy more stuff. And of course, all this information can also be handed over to some government agency at any time. Luckily, if you don’t want people knowing what websites you visit, what books you read, or what movies and TV shows you download, you can get a VPN. VPN is an acronym that stands for virtual private network. When you subscribe to a VPN, you download special software that does two key things. First, it encrypts all outgoing and incoming data so that neither hackers nor ISPs can see what you are doing. Second, it hides your IP address by rerouting your internet traffic through the VPN servers. That means you can access blocked streaming services, safely enjoy P2P torrenting, shop, and bank more securely, play region-locked games, and never have to worry about prying eyes. Unfortunately, consumers have to be pretty careful when choosing a VPN service, because not all of them provide comprehensive protection. Some use outdated security protocols. Some have old servers that slow down your connection. Some even keep detailed logs of what you do online, which pretty much defeats the purpose of getting a VPN in the first place. Luckily, CyberGhost VPN is pretty much as good as they come. CyberGhost VPN has all the features you need to truly unlock the internet while remaining safe and anonymous. They use military-grade 256-bit AES encryption to shield your personal data from prying eyes. They maintain a strict no-logs policy so there is never a record of your online activity. They support the latest VPN protocols, such as OpenVPN, L2TP-IPsec, and PPTP. They have a network of over 6300 servers located in over 89 countries, and they allow unlimited bandwidth to ensure blazing connection speeds for fast downloads and HD streaming. And a single subscription allows simultaneous connection on up to 7 different devices, including computers, phones, tablets, and even routers. The best part about CyberGhost VPN, aside from all the premium features, is the price. Right now they are offering three-year subscriptions for just $99, or just $2.75 a month. And if you’re worried about making a big commitment, you don’t need to be, because CyberGhost offers a 45-day money-back guarantee. If you’re unhappy after trying CyberGhost VPN for six weeks, they’ll give you a refund and cancel your subscriptions, no questions asked. If you’re on the market for a VPN, give CyberGhost VPN a try. When a deal this good comes along, you’ve got nothing to lose. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The electric bike is having its moment. Given the economic and environmental benefits compared of ebikes compared to cars and motorcycles, not to mention the benefits of speed and reduced physical labor compared to traditional bicycles, it's not so hard to see why. So if you're thinking of taking the plunge yourself, the FAT20S900-MB 48V folding fat electric bike from Ecotric is one of the best you can get. Not only is it fun, comfortable, and easy to ride, but it also folds up for easier storage and transport. Featuring both pedal assist and on-demand throttle modes, the Ecotric FAT20S900-MB 48V will take you virtually anywhere you need to go. Challenging terrain and rough roads will become child’s play under its 20" x 4" tires. It can conquer steep hills as well as tough terrain including mud, snow, dirt, sand, and anything else you’re likely to encounter, with relative ease. But it’s also practical enough for everyday trips to the grocery store and for other daily errands. The Ecotric FAT20S900-MB 48V boasts a 500-watt electric motor with a removable 48-volt 13Ah lithium battery, which together can send you speeding along at up to 20 miles per hour. That's more than enough speed and power to get you wherever you’re going, no matter what’s in your way. Aerodynamically designed and constructed from sturdy aluminum alloy, this Ecotric ebike is built to last and absorb all manner of punishment. And as you can see, it looks pretty cool, too. It weighs in at 55 pounds, but it can be folded and stored in the trunk of your car or even under your desk at work without taking too much space. The removable battery takes between five-and-seven hours to charge. Another cool feature of the Ecotric FAT20S900-MB is the LCD screen, which can deliver important data on speed and battery power to the rider in a visually efficient manner. No Netflix, though, so keep your eyes on the road (or trail). The screen also has a USB port that lets you charge your phone while you’re riding, which is yet another reason for you to leave the car at home. The FAT20S900-MB from Ecotric is ergonomically designed and comes 90-percent pre-assembled. And you can get yours now with free shipping and handling and a generous 30-day at-home trial window. Plus, it comes with a two-year warranty. If that sounds like something you might be interested in, head over to the official Ecotric online store here to get more information on the FAT20S900-MB 48V, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA has been desperately trying to use the "mole" attached its InSight Mars lander to bury into the Martian soil for more than 17 long months, but progress has been slow. The Martian soil composition just wasn't what the scientists expected, forcing them to improvise. In the latest update, NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory outlined how the 16-inch, jackhammer-like mole, formally known as the Heat Flow and Physical Properties Package (or HP3), encountered its latest obstacle. While it was able to finally bury its entire length into the soil, according to an early June update, it seems to have had some trouble getting to the desired minimum depth of ten feet (or 3 meters). After a lengthy "hammering session" of 150 strokes on June 20, as JPL puts it, the mole caused "bits of soil jostling within the scoop — possible evidence that the mole had begun bouncing in place, knocking the bottom of the scoop." The mole's mission objective is to take Mars' temperature from below the surface. "Like studying the heat leaving a car engine, it measures the heat coming from Mars' interior to reveal how much heat is flowing out of the body of the planet, and what the source of the heat is," NASA wrote in a mission brief. But getting deeper might prove very difficult going forward. The mole's tether was found to be moving side to side now, according to images beamed back to Earth following the mole's June hammering session. The scientists' best guess is that the soil isn't providing sufficient friction. The soil beneath NASA's InSight lander proved to be "cement-like duricrust" according to JPL, that may have caused the mole to recoil and bounce around. The team behind the mole at the German Aerospace Center (DLR) are hoping to scoop up some nearby soil and throw it into the hole after the mole to provide some more friction. The news comes after scientists at NASA had to get creative to free the mole by hitting it with its scooping shovel back in March, after the mole's entire apparatus got stuck in the sand-like terrain. The team at DLR estimate that it may require 300 cubic centimeters of sand to fill the gaps, a "number of scrapes" of InSight's shovel scoop. READ MORE: The 'mole' on Mars from NASA's InSight lander may be stuck again [Space.com] More on the mole: NASA InSight Lander Finally Manages to Bury Its Mole Into Mars Share This Article 
Creating an effective workout regimen is hard. Actually sticking to it is even harder. However, a new workout app called Aaptiv is out to make both a whole lot easier. When it comes to working out, we all have different goals. Some people want to lose weight, others want to build muscle. Some people want to train for a 5k, while others want to run a marathon. Some people want to tone up a bit, while others want to sculpt every inch of their bodies. Unfortunately, whatever your goals happen to be, figuring out how to achieve them on your own can be very difficult and time-consuming. Even if you are able to create a routine that works for you, you still have to find a way to keep it interesting so you don’t get bored and lose your motivation. Of course, one solution to this problem is to hire a personal trainer. They can tell you exactly what you need to do to get the specific results you are looking for. And they can keep you motivated. But they will also cost an arm and a leg. Luckily, the Aaptiv workout app has created a better way to get and stay fit. And right now, you can get it for 50-percent off the normal price. Aaptiv is an advanced workout app that gives you unlimited access to thousands of different audio-based workouts. Each one is set to hit music from every genre, specifically selected to match the pace of the workout at hand. And each one features guidance from real fitness experts who provide tips, techniques, and encouragement. With Aaptiv, you get a fully customizable fitness experience. You can choose workouts by activity, such as outdoor running, treadmill running, elliptical, yoga, rowing, and so on. You can also choose programs tailored to specific fitness goals, such as Intro to Weight Loss, Walk to Run One Mile, Cross-Train to 5K, Total Body Training, Maintain Your Weight Loss, and many, many more. To get started you simply answer questions about your goals, what kinds of exercise activities you like to do, and what type of music you want to hear, and the Aaptiv app shows you all the workouts and programs that fit your criteria. And with over 30 new workouts added every single week, the catalog just keeps getting bigger and bigger. Want to track your progress? Get workout summaries that track all the key stats? That’s all built right into the Aaptiv app. And of course, you can make tweaks and adjustments to your routine at any time. Aaptiv was created specifically to help you power past the workout boredom that causes so many people to fall off the wagon. With science-based instruction, empathetic trainers, and uplifting music, it gives you all the tools you need for fitness success. And you can use it for any type of workout at home or at the gym, or wherever you are on the planet. Ready to give Aaptiv a try and take your health and fitness to the next level? That’s good because there has never been a better time. Right now, you can get 50-percent off a subscription to Aaptiv. But this deal won't last forever, so don’t wait. Click here and make working out fun again. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everyone knows that everything you do in the summer is better with music, whether you’re mowing the lawn, hanging out by the pool, or just grilling burgers. However, you definitely don’t want to be the annoying guy who makes everybody listen to his music by blasting it from a Bluetooth speaker. What you need for those hot summer days is a good pair of wireless and fully waterproof earbuds. And now, thanks to a cool company called xFyro, they don’t have to cost you an arm and a leg. xFyro was founded by a group of music lovers who believe stylish high-quality earbuds don’t have to be obscenely expensive. So they put together a team of engineers, designers, and musicians and asked them to create straightforward audio products that combine cutting-edge technology with beautiful style. Then they set prices that regular people can actually afford. The result of all this is a line of excellent products that look great and have amazing sound quality. And xFyro is so confident in these products that they offer a 100-percent satisfaction guarantee. When you buy their earbuds, if you don’t absolutely love them, you get a full refund with no questions asked. xFyro has a few different audio products and related accessories to choose from. However, without a doubt, their most popular product is the amazing xFyro xS2. With the xFyro xS2 wireless earbuds, you get all the ultra-premium features offered by other popular earbuds—noise cancellation, fully waterproof, mobile charging—at just a fraction of the price. These earbuds have a fully certified ingress protection rating of IP67, which means they block out all dust and can withstand being submerged in one meter of water for up to 30 minutes. That means you can wear them while working on a home remodeling project, taking a walk in the rain, or working up a sweat without a second thought. Of course, nobody wants earbuds that are dust-proof and waterproof if they don’t also sound great. Luckily, that’s not a problem with xFyre xS2. With Qualcomm CVC 6.0 noise cancellation technology, a sound-blocking aluminum alloy shell, and advanced earplugs made from a proprietary silicone, these earbuds give you crystal clear HD sound. They also feature a built-in microphone and a simple multi-function button that lets you answer, reject, and re-dial calls, as well as pause and play your music without having to pick up your phone. The xFyro xS2 Earbuds also feature the latest CSR Bluetooth 5.0 technology, providing seamless connectivity to devices up to 30 feet away. Their advanced rechargeable batteries provide an incredible eight hours of talk or playback time on a single charge or up to 300 hours of standby time. However, they also come with a compact magnetic storage case that doubles as a rechargeable 850 MAh power bank. When the case is fully charged, it gives you an additional 50 hours of talk or playback on the go. You can even use the case to charge other devices, like your phone. As you probably know, most earbuds with all the features we just talked about cost well over $200. But as is often the case with other earbuds, what you’re really paying for is a brand name. If all you care about is quality, you really need to check out the xFyro xS2s, because right now you can get these wireless, waterproof, noise-canceling earbuds for just $99. So order now before summer passes you by. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Drum roll please... The "gel-like" material China dramatically announced that it had discovered on the far side of the Moon last year was, well, melted bits of Moon rock. That's the somewhat deflating realization a team of Chinese scientists made after they studied the substance, discovered by China's Yutu 2 rover last July, as Space.com first reported. On January 3 2019, China's Chang'e 4 lunar probe made history by becoming the first spacecraft to land on the far side of the Moon, the mysterious, less-studied side facing away from Earth. In tow was the Yutu 2 rover, designed to crawl the rocky landscape over several freezing months. Then in September, China claimed that it's rover had stumbled upon an unusually colored “gel-like” substance on the bottom of an impact crater, puzzling scientists. The strange material was described as a "colored mysterious substance" in the rover’s diary, as translated by Google. And according to a new paper published in the journal Earth and Planetary Science Letters, a team of Chinese scientists were able to confirm their suspicions: the material, measuring 20 by six inches, is likely the result of material melting due to either meteor impacts or volcanic eruptions, or "impact melt breccia." As detailed in the paper, the glassy greenish substance is similar to two specific samples that were returned by NASA's Apollo 15 and 17 missions. Their guess is based on data obtained by Yutu 2's panoramic and hazard avoidance cameras, as well as the rover's Visible and Near-Infrared Spectrometer (VNIS) instrument. Thanks to bad lighting, that guess is still not, uh, set in stone yet. "We don't have samples from this region that would help inform the model parameters," NASA postdoctoral program fellow at the Goddard Space Flight Center Dan Moriarty told Space.com. "For this reason, the precise regolith composition results presented in this paper may not be completely accurate." READ MORE: Chinese scientists reveal analysis of weird substance found on the moon's far side by Yutu 2 rover [Space.com] More on the strange Moon substance: China Claims Its Moon Rover Found a Colorful “Gel Like" Substance Share This Article 
The Trump administration was hoping to flesh out NASA's budget to around $26 or $27 billion starting in 2021 — an increase in the neighborhood of $3 billion compared to 2020 intended to get the space agency back to the Moon by 2024. But according to a House appropriations bill released today, Congress has no intention of raising NASA's budget, setting aside the same $22.63 billion as last year. To put that into perspective, the US military budget is more than 32 times that. New York City alone has a budget of $97.8 billion — more than quadruple NASA's budget. Needless to say, the bill comes as a blow to the nation's space exploration efforts. The White House has made a big deal about NASA's ambitious plans, as part of the agency's Artemis missions, to return Americans to the Moon by 2024. But budgets have been tight, with NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine repeatedly knocking on Congress' door to ask for much-needed budgetary increases — which his agency was never awarded. Unsurprisingly, getting to the Moon is a costly affair. According to a June 2019 interview with CNN, Bridenstine claimed that putting astronauts back on the Moon could cost an additional $20 to $30 billion. In February, NASA human spaceflight chief Doug Loverro (who since has been replaced after mysteriously stepping down) announced that the agency will need $35 billion over the next four years to successfully complete the Artemis mission — again, on top of existing budgets. NASA wants to leverage the help of key commercial spaceflight players, including SpaceX and Blue Origin, to return American astronauts to the lunar surface. In April, NASA chose the two companies, alongside US-based spaceflight firm Dynetics, to submit designs for a lunar lander. The three designs were meant to have shared access to $3.4 billion, a sizable chunk of the agency's budget. The House Appropriations Committee came back with less than half that, setting aside only $1.56 billion, not just for the landers, but for exploration research and development as a whole. In other words, all three lander concepts now have to compete for just over $600 million. "The $628.2 million in funding for the Human Landing System (HLS) is an important first step in this year’s appropriations process," Bridenstine said in a muted statement. The House appropriations bill does include increases for NASA's science programs, funding for the Clipper mission to Jupiter's icy moon Europa, and an additional $400 million for NASA's Space Launch System — the agency's own (extremely expensive and behind schedule) efforts to develop a heavy-lift launch vehicle. Bridenstine has his work cut out, and will have to work with relatively limited resources going forward. "We still have more to do, and I look forward to working with the Senate to ensure America has the resources to land the first woman and next man on the moon in 2024," he said in his statement. READ MORE: House bill offers flat funding for NASA [SpaceNews] More on SLS: Boeing Just Powered Up NASA’s Most Powerful Rocket Ever Share This Article 
If you're still using sticky notes to write yourself quick, temporary memos around your desk, there's something you ought to know: with 50-billion sticky notes produced annually, they account for an unconscionable loss of trees on our planet. And as much as we all enjoy a well-placed sticky note from time to time, it's time to seek out more Eco-conscious alternatives, like whiteboards. Of course, most dry-erase boards don't offer the same speed and convenience of sticky notes. But luckily, that's where the Slope desktop whiteboard comes in. The Slope is a personal desktop whiteboard that acts as the perfect space for all the quick notes you find yourself jotting down throughout the day. If you're familiar with dry-erase boards, you already understand the basic concept. But the Slope is different thanks to its distinctive ergonomic design that fits into almost any workspace. Inspired by an open, groomed ski run (hence the name), the people at FluidStance engineered Slope to fit between any computer keyboard and monitor, unobtrusively. So unlike traditional whiteboards that hang on the wall or door, Slope is always there when and where you need it, and always at the perfect angle for writing. Most modern keyboards can also slide under The Slope when not in use, making it a novel space-saving solution as well. But it has a few other interesting features, too. Thanks to its sturdy steel construction, Slope is also an accommodating surface for magnets. And it comes equipped with a phone dock and cable storage space that makes an excellent office charging port for your smartphone. Apart from the countless sticky notes that each one can confidently replace, the Slope is environmentally friendly in other ways. The dry erase surface is powder-coated using a low emissions process, and FluidStance is planting a tree for every Slope it sells. One Slope will cost you $59 plus shipping and handling, but if you buy two or more, the shipping is on the house. And of course, each whiteboard comes with its own pen and attached eraser. Here's a review from Linda C., one of the Slope's many satisfied customers: "As someone who juggles responsibility for 12+ companies at the same this is a life saver. I can jot down what needs to be done next without looking for or using paper. Highly recommend!!" The Slope is a great addition for almost any workspace, particularly if you find yourself grinding through a lot of sticky notes on a daily basis. So instead of destroying all those trees, why not buy a Slope and say goodbye to the visual clutter of endless sticky notes? Head over to the Fluidstance online store right here and buy yours, now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A crewed mission to Mars is still many years out — if not decades. But as rocket technology makes massive strides, scientists are starting to wonder what the best way to get there could be. And one new idea, Space.com reports, involves a side trip to another of our star system's planetary bodies. To make visits to the Red Planet cheaper and faster, scientists are arguing that making a Venus flyby could make a lot of sense. In a white paper penned by a team led by John Hopkins planetary geologist Noam Izenberg, the researchers argue that Venus flybys not only "provide opportunities to practice deep space human operations," but "offer numerous safe-return-to-Earth options" as well. "There's science at two planets for much less than the price of two separate crewed missions," Paul Byrne, a planetary geologist at North Carolina State University, who worked on the paper, told Space.com. Broadly speaking, there are two ways to get to Mars and back: either you go when Earth and Mars orbits align, something that only occurs every 26 months, and wait until the planets align again for the return. As Space.com points out, that means astronauts could be trapped on Mars for as much as a year and a half. The other method is to use Venus slingshot to whip a spacecraft using gravitational forces, a process that could end up significantly reducing the amount of fuel needed to get to Mars. There are plenty of other advantages to this approach as well. Such a trip could be made every 19 months and allow for much shorter stays, down to just a month. It could also allow for much quicker and simpler emergency returns back to Earth if something were to go wrong. It's a two-birds-with-one-stone approach — the scientists are also excited at the prospect of getting a better look at Venus during the approach. Thanks to its proximity and lower lag, astronauts in the vicinity of Venus could even "control rovers on the surface and aircraft in the atmosphere in real time with a virtual reality headset and a joystick," John Hopkins planetary geomorphologist Kirby Runyon, who worked on the white paper with Izenberg, told Space.com. But there is a small drawback: The actual journey could take quite a bit longer, and solar radiation could pose more of a threat to astronauts' health thanks to Venus' close proximity to the Sun. Share This Article 
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo told reporters on Monday that the current administration is "certainly looking at" banning Chinese social media apps including TikTok, Reuters reports. The smash hit video-sharing app has been criticized for facilitating the collection of personal information by the Chinese government — a claim that its parent company ByteDance denies. "I don’t want to get out in front of the President, but it’s something we’re looking at," Pompeo told Fox News. Only last week, India, by far the app's largest market, decided to ban TikTok outright, alongside 59 other apps from Chinese developers, noting risks to national security and threats to the "sovereignty and integrity of India," according to an official statement. Hong Kong may soon follow that decision after China announced sweeping new national security laws for the embattled region, according to Reuters. This week's news comes after the US started placing severe restrictions on Chinese tech giant Huawei, a company that's been spearheading efforts to bring 5G technology to much of the developed world starting in May of last year. "The tide is turning against Huawei as citizens around the world are waking up to the danger of the Chinese Communist Party's surveillance state," Pompeo declared last month after the government announced a fresh set of sanctions against Huawei. Not all experts are convinced that those sanctions are productive. According a UK government report, US sanctions may force the Huawei to use less-secure technology. "We have worked on this very issue for a long time, whether its the problem of having Huawei technology in your infrastructure — we've gone all over the world and we are making real progress getting that out — we had declared ZTE a danger to American national security," Pompeo told Fox News on Monday. And the US may be aiming its sights at Chinese social media apps next as well. "With respect to Chinese apps on people's cell phones, I can assure you the United States will get this one right too," Pompeo added. To experts, the Huawei case could be just the first step. "Huawei is the test case," James Sullivan, head of cyber research at British security think-tank Rusi, told the BBC. "It's probably the start of a trend in the West where sanctions will seek to squeeze, or even sink, large Chinese tech companies." Pompeo claimed that using TikTok is akin to handing your private information over to the Chinese Communist Party. But the US government has yet to provide any proof that Huawei or TikTok actually facilitate that type of data handover. “We have no higher priority than promoting a safe and secure app experience for our users," read a statement from TikTok sent to Reuters. "We have never provided user data to the Chinese government, nor would we do so if asked." READ MORE: Pompeo says U.S. looking at banning Chinese social media apps, including TikTok [Reuters] More on China: Three Separate Countries Are Launching Mars Missions This Month Share This Article 
Now more than ever, people are working from home, which in turn means that more meetings and calls are being disrupted by those inevitable bursts of ambient noise from pets, kids, spouses, and whatever else is making noise while you’re trying to work. It may only be a momentary annoyance for those on the other side, but it’s mortifying to have that annoyance stem from your own home, especially if the call or video conference is an important one. Luckily, now, there’s a solution to the problem of working from home in a noisy household: Krisp, the noise-canceling app that’s trusted by telecommuters all over the world. No matter how hard you try, you can’t find a corner of your house that’s quiet enough for your work-from-home conference calls? Krisp solves that problem by making every part of your house a quiet corner, at least as far as the people on the other end of your calls are concerned. Krisp lets you mute all background noise in your internet communications, with support for more than 800 different apps and counting. How does it work? Krisp creates quiet and clarity by way of sophisticated AI technology supported by a Deep Neural Network. 20,000 sounds and 50,000 speakers were analyzed in order to create an app that can pick out noise from actual worthwhile sound, and screen it both coming and going. That’s right! In addition to canceling out noise from your own environment, Krisp can also cancel out noise from the people you’re talking with even if they aren’t using it. This creates an altogether more effective and clear connection between callers. You can get more information on how Krisp works, including a demonstration of the app in action, at the official Krisp site. But put simply it’s an additional layer between your microphone/speaker setup and whatever teleconferencing apps you prefer that can block out noise from all sides. Krisp has a premium version for power users that’s priced at $3.33 per month and billed annually, but it’s also available in a completely free version that’s designed for occasional remote workers with up to 120 minutes of use per week. It’s compatible with iOS devices as well as Windows, Mac, and Chrome, and the aforementioned 800+ communications app including Zoom, Meet, and other comparable services. And there’s also an Enterprise plan for larger businesses and call centers, with pricing available on request. Concerned about privacy? It’s understandable, given that Krisp will have a hand in all your audio and video conferences for the foreseeable future. But since all audio processing is performed locally on your device, there’s no risk of monitoring, or of your calls being spied on or recorded through the app. So if you're ready to turn the noisiest room in your house into the quiet meeting space of your dreams, head over to the official Krisp site to download the app for free and give it a try right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
According to an investigation by The New York Times, the number of murders has spiked in several larger US cities in the first half of 2020, compared to the same time period in 2019. Gun violence in New York is the highest it's been in 25 years. 14 people were killed and at least 106 shot in just one weekend in Chicago. In Los Angeles, homicides rose 250 percent week over week in June. The numbers paint an ugly picture. Overall, according to the Times, homicide is up 21.8 percent in 36 cities. Yet other types of crime, like theft and burglary, are trending down in the same cities. It's been a tumultuous couple of months even ignoring the pandemic, with mass protests erupting worldwide as a result of the death of George Floyd at the hands of Minneapolis police. Trust in law enforcement has reached new lows, with repeated calls for the defunding of police departments that have enjoyed massively inflated budgets during recent decades. And, of course, the US is still dealing with the deadly effects of COVID-19 — and cases are still soaring six months in. But experts are hesitant to draw a firm connection between a rise in murders and either issue. "The first explanation that I have is that this comes from people being locked inside (during quarantines) and a lack of social services," Phillip Atiba Goff, CEO of the Center for Policing Equity, told the Times. "All those things are things that we would expect to lead to higher rates of violence. That’s speculation, though." One extremely unfortunate effect of the lockdown has been an increase in domestic violence, with shelters having to deal with a massive increase in calls and texts for help while coping with the risks of spreading the virus. "Any kind of crime where most of it is between strangers or requires people being out and about would be down, and homicide is usually between people who know each other, so it might be affected differently," Jennifer Doleac, associate professor of economics and director of the Justice Tech Lab at Texas A&M, told the Times. But the picture is still incomplete. In fact, the pandemic may have nothing to do with it; we may be dealing with the effects of trends that have been around since before the Black Lives Matter protests and the coronavirus pandemic, as the Times suggests. Zooming out, this year's homicide rates may not even represent much of a jump. New York experienced the same amount of homicides in 2015 and Chicago's rate is still overall down six percent when compared to 2017. "These numbers do not tell a story that supports any ideological side of the debate around policing," Goff told the Times. "What it supports at most is a need for rigorous curiosity about a vital issue." "This is such a weird year in so many dimensions, and it’s going to take us a while to figure out what caused any of these differences in crime," Doleac told the newspaper. "It is perfectly reasonable to think the first half of this year may not tell us what the rest of the year will look like," she added. READ MORE: It’s Been ‘Such a Weird Year.’ That’s Also Reflected in Crime Statistics. [The New York Times] More on the pandemic: US Pandemic Advisor Says the Country Needs to Shut Down Again Share This Article 
Using a small device called the Miniature Radio Frequency (Mini-RF) instrument attached to NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO) spacecraft, a team of scientists found that there may be vastly more subsurface metals beneath the Moon's surface than previously thought. The discovery could force us to rethink the evolution of the Moon itself. The dominant theory is currently that a collision between a Mars-sized space object and the Earth sheered off the Moon as a result of collapsing gravitational forces clumping dust and debris together. The theory has often been used to explain why the Moon's composition is so similar to Earth's. But in reality, the material making up the lunar highlands, a bright silicate layer covering more than 80 percent of the moon, seemed to contain far fewer metal-bearing minerals than what you'd find on Earth. But darker regions and plains of the crust formed through volcanic processes, the Moon's "maria," seem to be more metal-rich — which has researchers scratching their heads. The Mini-RF instrument on board NASA's Moon orbiter found that the larger the crater, the more the material was able to transmit electric fields, a property known as the "dielectric constant." Scientists have found a direct link between this constant and the concentration of metal minerals including iron and titanium oxides. Yet, for craters between three and 12 miles wide, this constant didn't change. "It was a surprising relationship that we had no reason to believe would exist," Essam Heggy, co-investigator of the Mini-RF experiments from the University of Southern California and lead author of the paper published in Earth and Planetary Science Letters last week, said in a statement. Their hypothesis: meteors excavated metals from below as they battered the lunar surface, forming the craters in the process. That would mean there would be vast caches of useful metals lurking below a few hundred meters of Moon rock. In fact, the lower we'd dig, the more iron and titanium oxides we'd find, according to the researchers. That thinking echoes research released in June 2019 that suggests there is a "huge mass" of metal hiding beneath the Moon's four billion years-old South Pole-Aitken basin. "Imagine taking a pile of metal five times larger than the Big Island of Hawaii and burying it underground," Peter B. James, author of the paper, said in a press release. "That’s roughly how much unexpected mass we detected." “This exciting result from Mini-RF shows that even after 11 years in operation at the Moon, we are still making new discoveries about the ancient history of our nearest neighbor,” Noah Petro, LRO project scientist at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, who was not involved in the research, said in the newer statement. "The MINI-RF data is incredibly valuable for telling us about the properties of the lunar surface, but we use that data to infer what was happening over 4.5 billion years ago!" Petro added. READ MORE: There's more metal on the moon than we thought [Space.com] More on metal on the Moon: Scientists Are Baffled by “Huge Mass” Under the Moon’s Surface Share This Article 
Hypothetically speaking, finding a science fiction fan that doesn't appreciate Stanley Kubrick and Arthur C. Clarke’s 1968 film 2001: A Space Odyssey is possible. But it’s also a little bit ridiculous. The movie is one of the top tier classics of the genre and has inspired everything from Star Wars to Alien, not to mention countless science-fiction novels, short stories, and comic books. Now, for you or the hardcore 2001-iac in your life, there are two new premium pieces of merchandise that are worthy of one of the greatest films ever made. We’ll start with the more affordable of the two. It's a nearly ten-inch-tall vinyl Space Suit that's nearly identical to the one worn by the crew of the Discovery One spacecraft bound for Jupiter. Sculpted by the skilled craftspeople at Perfect-Studio, this hefty three-pounds special edition VCD (vinyl collectible doll) has detail and style to spare. For a limited time, you can get one for $95, a bargain compared to what you might pay for such a handsome item on the collector’s market. And besides, think of how cool it would look surrounded by your other action figures and/or VCDs. Check it out here and grab one for yourself (or that lucky loved one) now. But the VCD is really more of an appetizer for our main course: The Making of Stanley Kubrick’s 2001. This collector’s edition is the work of the people at Taschen, a publisher known for their uniquely detailed and elaborate coffee table books devoted to all and sundry. While we’re on the subject of Kubrick, you might be interested to know that this is the same company, and the same designers, who put together the equally impressive book Napoleon: The Greatest Movie Never Made, only this film actually exists. The Making of Stanley Kubrick’s 2001 is purported to be the most exhaustive publication ever devoted to 2001: A Space Odyssey and was created with the full cooperation of both Warner Bros. and the Stanley Kubrick Estate. The book is divided into four volumes and covers virtually every aspect of the film’s conception, production, promotion, and more in exhaustive detail. It contains a wealth of visual materials. Personal testimony from the film’s late writer Arthur C Clarke as well as photographs, concept art, and pre-production paintings are just some of the treasures to be found in this incredible collection. For $1,800, you’ll be getting an individually numbered special “Art Edition” of The Making of Stanley Kubrick’s 2001, signed by the late filmmaker’s daughter Christina Kubrick. Each collection also includes a 'Revolving camera and control panel' art print signed by the film’s art advisor Brian Sanders and suitable for framing. The first volume of The Making of Stanley Kubrick’s 2001 is devoted to stills from the film, the next best thing to watching the movie itself. The second volume is the behind-the-scenes material, including interviews with the cast and crew. The third volume is a facsimile of the movie’s original screenplay, and the fourth is a facsimile of the original 1965 production notes. As if that weren’t enough, there’s also a “small comic surprise” included in the package. So if you or someone you know is a diehard 2001: A Space Odyssey fanatic, head over to Sideshow to get your copy of Taschen’s The Making of Stanley Kubrick’s 2001 right now, while supplies last. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Subscription boxes have become pretty popular over the last few years, and it’s easy to understand the appeal. Everybody loves getting packages in the mail. Everybody loves surprises. Why not combine these two things and get a package full of surprises delivered straight to your door every month? Of course, the problem with a lot of subscription boxes is that they don’t offer much excitement beyond the initial unboxing. They either contain things you use up and forget, like fancy snacks or exotic cosmetics, or they contain little trinkets that just wind up collecting dust or, worse, going into a landfill. Luckily, some subscription boxes are more interesting than others. And if you or somebody you know is really into science, you’ve got to check out the Matter subscription box. As you may have guessed, the Matter subscription box is named after the matter that is all around us. The point of this name? To draw your attention to the relationship between all things, and the infinite possibilities our universe has to offer. As you probably know, matter is defined as any substance that has mass and volume, which is everything we see, touch, and feel every single day of our lives—including ourselves. But believe it or not, in the grand scheme of things, matter is actually incredibly rare. About 99.96 percent of the known universe is comprised of dark energy, dark matter, and non-luminous matter. Only 0.04 percent of the universe is comprised of the kind of visible matter we experience every day. And this tiny little sliver of existence is spread out across 93 billion light years. When you think about it in these terms, any “stuff” is rare. But cool stuff is even rarer. And if you’re the kind of person who enjoys contemplating these kinds of mind-bending ideas, the Matter subscription box is for you. Matter is a subscription box designed for anyone who appreciates the vast scale of our universe and the incredible variety of matter we observe within it. When you subscribe, each month you will receive a box with five-to-six amazing scientific artifacts. These include both natural and man-made materials, objects, and specimens that have been carefully selected as some of the most fascinating pieces of matter in the universe. Each month’s selection is curated according to a specific theme, and each item comes with an information card explaining what makes it special. It’s impossible to say exactly what you will receive when you subscribe to Matter. However, past boxes have included things like rare crystals, precious metals, dinosaur teeth, fired Civil War bullets, NASA computer chips, moon rocks, and so much more. How much does a subscription to Matter cost? That’s the beauty of it. Subscriptions are incredibly affordable, starting at just $25 per month. Plus, new subscribers get 30-percent off their first order. If you or someone you know is looking for an intellectually stimulating hobby, the Matter subscription box is it. Part museum and part lab project, every shipment is designed to spark curiosity and serve as the starting point for your own research. So don't wait around for the next month to begin. Order your box of Matter today and start your journey of scientific exploration. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Sleeplessness strikes in many forms. Trouble sleeping has been connected to mental health and emotional health concerns, and even if you're otherwise doing well, a bad night's sleep can put you off your game in a host of ways. Over time, sleep deprivation can even aggravate physical health issues such as obesity, heart disease, and diabetes. Fortunately, help is just an app away, with the highly-rated Relax Melodies. Available on Android, iOS, and Apple Watch, Relax Melodies draws on a number of methods to soothe you and help you get a full night's sleep. With over 50 million sleepers, it has been rated 4.6 stars on the Google Play Store and 4.8 on Apple's App Store. And now you can get a lifetime subscription for just $80, or 68% off. Relax Melodies uses a mix of techniques to help you set aside the day, get into a state where you're receptive to sleep, and drift off. Whether you need help dealing with insomnia or just occasionally need to relax, these techniques are approved by sleep experts. Soothing Sounds: The power of simple white noise lies in its ability to mask more disruptive sounds. If you're feeling the noise of your environment popping into your sleep cycle, Relax Melodies gives you a library of sounds to choose from to keep control of what you hear. You can also create a custom mix from the library, so if you want the crackle of a record with just a dash of the tide going in and out, it's as easy as tweaking a few sliders. Bedtime Stories: Sure, bedtime stories are great for kids, but they're also ideal for adults. Bedtime stories work by giving you a narrative to focus on that doesn't require a lot of time and effort to puzzle out, but isn't so simple you get bored and distracted. Relax Melodies has a vast collection geared to adults, in a wide range of genres, and is adding more all the time to give your brain something to focus on as you drift away.  Breathing Techniques: Rhythmic breathing has been used to help control the body for centuries, whether it's to control emotional responses, manage pain, or drift off. And it turns out our ancestors were on to something; breathing techniques have been shown to be effective for both managing sleep conditions and going to sleep. Relax Melodies will teach you how to use breathing to unwind after a long day. Guided Meditation: Meditation has been a popular technique to explore the mind and prepare for sleep for centuries, but it can be tough for newbies and those dealing with stress to sit with a mantra. Guided meditations use a calm voice to take you through the steps of meditation and lead you to more effective practice, not to mention better sleep. Mind-Body Exercises: Mind-body exercises combine breath control, gentle movement, and a focused mind to help set aside the stresses of the day. Relax Melodies has a full set of instructions for exercises you can do by yourself or with a partner to set aside what's keeping you awake and get you fully into the mindset of sleep. And, of course, you can keep it with you when you travel, as it's available on both iOS 10.0 and up, and Android 5.0, as well as all browsers. For just $80, a good night's sleep will no longer be just a dream. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Between thriving at work, reaching your fitness goals, and pursuing the zillion other ambitions you have, life can get pretty busy. And, finding the time to do all those things and get to bed at a reasonable hour can seem like a superhuman feat. The key is equipping yourself with the right tools and know-how to do those things smarter and faster. That's where The Superhuman Lifetime Subscription Bundle comes into play. Now on sale for over 90% off the usual price, this collection of apps is designed to give you a major leg up in multiple areas of life, from professional development and fitness to simply finding your center at the end of the day. Here's what's inside: Learning a new language keeps your mind sharp and your career options open.  This lifetime subscription to uTalk lets you pick any two of over 140 languages, teaching you real, practical vocabulary from native speakers, complete with independently verified translations, and broken down by topics. You can begin with the words you'll need most often, and then build on those skills from there. Use it on all your devices and you'll be speaking like the locals in no time. Got a huge backlog of books? Or a lot of materials to get caught up on for work? Improving your reading efficiency will help you get caught up and get ahead. This lifetime subscription to 7 Speed Reading syncs to the cloud, so you can listen to lectures on reading strategy and practice breaking bad habits to read more and have better comprehension of what you read. It comes with over 20,000 books to practice your skills on, and you can upload any article, text file, or PDF you want to practice on to tap into anywhere, anytime. "Never stop learning" is more than aspirational; it's often key to changing careers, developing new skills in the workplace, and getting promoted. Finding time for professional development, though, can be a challenge. Integrity Training's lifetime subscription offers over 600 courses from certified experts, whether you want to get the most out of Excel, go for your PMP, or boost your productivity, with courses easily accessed through any device covering Microsoft certifications, PMI, ITIL, CompTIA, and Microsoft Office. You can even work on your soft skills, learn the ins and outs of the business, and build your sales knowledge, all in your spare time.  Ready to reach your fitness goals? A lifetime subscription to Fitterclub gives you access to workouts and nutrition programs designed specifically for your needs, whether you're getting back into working out or looking for a new challenge. You'll choose the food you want to eat, and keep your workouts in your pocket so no matter where you go, you can get some exercise in. Keeping calm and not letting stress get to you is key for staying on track with and reaching your goals, and MindFi's lifetime subscription provides four mental exercises that reduce stress, sharpen your focus, and help you improve your interpersonal relationships. The app includes guided breathing exercises; short meditations to let go of frustration and other negative emotions; timers to focus, and closed-eye meditations to unwind at the end of the day. The Superhuman Lifetime Subscription Bundle contains close to $3,000 worth of content, but you can get it now for a steal, just $78.99 today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Just a few years ago, electric cars were a niche market, and it was difficult to imagine how they could ever go truly mainstream. Now, in a striking reversal, the market valuation of electric automaker Tesla now exceeds that of ExxonMobil, one of the planet's largest fossil fuel megacorporations. CNN drew attention to the turnabout in a story drawing attention to Tesla's meteoric stock price, which has as of this week exceeded prominent global brands including Disney, Coca-Cola, Toyota, and PayPal — that latter particularly striking, because it's the product of a merger with a predecessor company founded by Tesla CEO Musk, showing the mercurial CEO's astonishing global influence. At press time, Tesla's market capitalization — that's the economic term for, basically, the value of all its stock — stood at approximately $223 billion. Exxon, in contrast, was worth a little more than $187 billion. For perspective, Disney stood at $203 billion, Coke at $193 billion, Toyota at $204 billion and PayPal at $209 billion. The milestone is a long time in the making, and a product of disparate financial trends. Tesla's stock has, on the whole, been on a longterm upswing, while Exxon's stock price has fallen precipitously since the coronavirus pandemic — and perhaps, in the long view, a sense by investors that the future is in renewables rather than fossil fuels. To be fair, market capitalization is an imperfect gauge of a company's success. Toyota, for instance, made 8.8 million cars last year, while Tesla produced just 367,500. Even Musk, the CEO of Tesla, has expressed skepticism about his own company's valuation, tweeting in early May that "Tesla stock price is too high [in my opinion.]" READ MORE: Tesla is now worth more than Toyota, Disney and Coke [CNN] More on Tesla: Tesla Computer Hardware Stuns Competitors: “We Cannot Do It” Share This Article 
Every day millions of Americans use caffeine to give These High-Powered Nootropics Are Designed to Help Your Brain Reach Its Max Potentialthemselves a mental boost, and for good reason. Caffeine works by blocking the neurotransmitters in the brain that produce drowsiness. This keeps your neurons firing at full speed, which makes you feel awake. But what if you could do more for your brain than simply tricking it into being awake? What if you could actually feed your brain the fuel it needs to function at maximum capacity all the time? Well, with a well-designed nootropics supplement, you can. And when it comes to well-designed nootropics supplements, nothing beats Qualia Mind from Neurohacker Collective. Because they are sometimes marketed as “smart drugs,” there tends to be some confusion among consumers about what nootropics are. So before we go any further, let’s clear that up. Nootropics are chemical compounds that help create the biological conditions necessary for optimal brain function. As such, they don’t actually make you smarter. But they can make your brain work better. Nootropics include things like amino acids, vitamins, minerals, nutrients, and even stimulants such as caffeine. Some of these compounds serve as fuel for cognition. Others modulate various processes involved in neurotransmission. Studies have shown that nootropics supplements can enhance cognitive functions such as reasoning, memory, alertness, focus, willpower, creativity, flexibility, and verbal fluency. And that’s a pretty impressive list. Unfortunately, creating an effective nootropics supplement is not as simple as throwing a bunch of ingredients together. Formulating nootropics to maximize brain function requires a fundamental understanding of the complex interplay and synergy between specific ingredients at specific dosages. That’s what sets Neurohacker Collective apart from other supplement companies. Neurohacker Collective takes a complex systems science approach to formulating their nootropics supplements. What that means is they don’t just look to produce a certain effect in one system of the human body. Instead they take into consideration the entire ecosystem and its complex web of interactions. But that’s not the only thing that sets Neurohacker Collective apart. Unlike some companies, Neurohacker Collective is fully committed to real science and complete transparency. Their team is made up of top scientists in the fields of complex-systems modeling, neurobiology, organic chemistry, plus dozens of PhDs and medical doctors. And, amazingly, their formulas are not proprietary. Not only does Neurohacker Collective tell you every single ingredient in their products, but they also publish all of their research, explaining in painstaking detail the science behind each one. So what’s in Qualia Mind? Qualia Mind is one of the most advanced and comprehensive cognitive performance supplements on the market, specifically formulated to fuel cognition and promote long term brain health. It contains six different nootropic compounds, seven neuro-vitamins, two antioxidants, six adaptogen extracts, five amino acids, and two choline donors. These ingredients work synergistically to fuel neurotransmission, support the development of neurons and synapses, and promote neuroplasticity and neuroprotection. That means they will help you focus better, decrease procrastination, boost energy, overcome brain fog, and enhance creativity, while also optimizing memory and brain health as you age. Want the complete list of all 28 ingredients and what they do? Click here. Want to read about how they came up with this formula? Click here. We weren’t kidding when we said Neurohacker Collective was all about science and transparency. Each bottle of Qualia Mind contains 154 capsules, which constitutes a 28-day supply when taking the recommended dose. New subscribers get 50-percent off the first order, plus 14-percent off all subsequent orders. Your first purchase comes also with free before-and-after cognitive assessments from Cambridge Brain Sciences. If you are not completely satisfied with your results, Neurohacker Collective offers a 100-day money back guarantee. If coffee and energy drinks just aren’t doing the trick any more, it might be time to try feeding your brain the nutrients it truly needs to function at its best. So take a look at Qualia Mind. Read about the ingredients. Check out the research. Then give it a try. You’ve got absolutely nothing to lose, but plenty to gain. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Think you have privacy when you go online? Think nobody cares about what you’re buying, reading, or watching? Think again. Unless you use a VPN to connect to the internet, every single thing you do online is recorded by somebody. If you want true privacy when you go online, you need to take advantage of the amazing deals currently available from FastestVPN. Every time you access the Internet, whether it’s to pay your electric bill or look at memes on social media, you start by connecting to your Internet service provider (ISP). Their servers then route you to wherever it is you want to go. But because everything goes through your ISP’s servers, your ISP has a record of everything you do. And that’s only half the problem. The rest of the Internet is tracking you, too. Every time you visit a website, it logs your IP address, a unique number assigned to each device connected to a network. So basically, everyone knows what you’re doing all the time. Does that make you uncomfortable? It should. All of this information can be sold, stolen, or handed over to some government agency. Luckily, VPNs can help. VPN is an acronym that stands for virtual private network. When you subscribe to one, it helps safeguard your online security and privacy by building a kind of private tunnel which you use to access the Internet. When you access the Internet through a VPN, whatever information you send out gets encrypted before it gets to your ISP’s servers. Then, instead of going straight from your ISP’s servers to your final destination, your information is routed to the VPN’s servers, which can be located anywhere in the world. By encrypting your information before it leaves your computer, a VPN ensures neither your ISP nor anyone else can see or track what you are doing. And by routing you through their servers, a VPN hides your IP address, protecting your location and identity. So what does that mean for you in real world terms? It means you shop or bank online anywhere you want, even free wifi hotspots, and nobody can intercept your sensitive personal information. It means you can access websites and content that aren’t normally available in your country or region. And it means you can download all the movies, books, and audio you want without anybody knowing it was you. While any VPN is probably better than no VPN, not all virtual private networks offer the same level of protection. Some VPN services use outdated encryption. Some slow down your connection so much that you can’t stream high definition video. And some actually keep logs of all your activity, even though anonymity is the number one reason most people sign up for a VPN in the first place. Luckily, FastestVPN has all the premium features you need. That includes: If you’ve done some shopping around, then you already know most premium VPN services run between $30 and $100 per year depending on the length of your subscription. However, right now you can get a three-year subscription to FastestVPN for just $39.95. That’s a pretty unbelievable price for that long list of features. So if you’re ready to get serious about your online privacy, you need to take advantage of this deal before it’s gone. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A new simulation by CGI artist Slave Popovsky shows what a Tesla Roadster accelerating from 0 to 60 mph in a blistering 1.1 seconds could look like — thanks to the addition of SpaceX thrusters, which Elon Musk has teased previously. This is how fast 1.1 seconds 0 - 60mph take off should look like with Space X package thrusters on the Tesla Roadster. Computer worked out physics and then visualised in a render animation. Not sure how much gas but threw the effect in anyway. Enjoy @elonmusk #tesla #spacex pic.twitter.com/VzMukQPT2E — Slave' Popovski (@Pslavi) June 23, 2020  Tesla says its Roadster can accelerate to 60 mph in just 1.9 seconds, reach a top speed of  250 mph, and have a massive 620 mile range. Shaving that down to 1.1 seconds, however, would make it far and away the fastest accelerating consumer car on the planet. The fastest production cars have only been inching closer to the two second mark in zero-to-60 mph acceleration over the past few years. In a June 2019 interview with the Ride the Lightning podcast, Musk elaborated on the "SpaceX package," claiming that it could give the Roadster a staggering three Gs of thrust. "If you have three Gs of thrust, you can go in any direction," he said on the podcast at the time, as quoted by Electrek. “You can go up and accelerate with still more than 2 Gs." Back in May, Musk told retired TV presenter and car enthusiast Jay Leno that the "SpaceX package" will be "like full-on James Bond," where the "main thruster will be like behind the license plate so for acceleration, it drops the license plate and behind the license plate is a rocket thruster." Such a SpaceX package would be so large, it would need to replace the entire rear row of seats. In July of last year, Musk even told Electrek editor-in-chief Fred Lambert on Twitter that a Tesla Roadster "hover test" could take place by "maybe end of next year." READ MORE: Tesla Roadster concept video shows 1.1-sec, 0-60 mph acceleration with SpaceX thruster [Electrek] More on the Roadster: Meet the Guy Tesla Fired, Who Now Fixes Roadsters Share This Article 
The events of the last few months have forced all of us to devote more thought than we’d like to the subject of toilet paper. But even before the lock downs, many consumers were starting to see the inherent limitations of traditional toilet paper, and were looking for something more sustainable. So if doing what you can to help the environment is important to you, there are alternatives. Specifically, Reel is a new kind of bamboo-based toilet paper that's specifically designed with sustainability in mind. Regular toilet paper made from trees is tremendously wasteful, not to mention untenable in the long term. So the idea behind making Reel toilet paper out of bamboo is that it cuts down on the massive deforestation that is happening all over the world. That's a noble sentiment, but how does it feel? We’re all familiar with the stereotype attached to so-called "green" products: if it's better for the environment, it's lower quality. This is true with eco-friendly toilet paper as well, which is often much harsher than normal TP. But with Reel, the stereotype just isn’t true. But don't take our word for it. Take a look at what a "Reel" customer Kathleen P had to say: Kathleen’s reference to “helping those without access to toilets” is a nod to Reel’s policy of using a cut of their profits to fund sanitation projects in various developing nations -- meaning you have yet another reason to feel good about your toilet paper. Every roll of Reel premium bamboo toilet paper is made from 100 percent bamboo with plastic-free packaging. Each box comes with a generous 24 three-ply rolls, and costs $29.99 per box, as either a one-time order or a monthly subscription service that delivers a new box to your door every month. Each roll is also individually wrapped in 100 percent recyclable plastic-free material to avoid the need for the larger plastic wrapping you see with typical TP at the store. Given Reel’s environmental credentials, it almost goes without saying that it’s free of any inks, dyes, or chemicals. And with more than a million rolls sold so far, it seems safe to say that there are lots of happy customers out there who, as far as comfort or quality is concerned, don’t consider Reel a sacrifice for the greater good. But the only way you can know for sure that Reel premium bamboo toilet paper belongs in your home is to order a box for yourself. You can do so by clicking here to visit Reel’s online store. And if you care about the environment, you better not waste too much time before ordering: with some 27,000 trees cut down every day to keep the traditional TP industry going, there's not much time to waste. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Back in the day, there was no such thing as preventative healthcare. Human beings had no choice but to just sit around and wait for diseases and defects to pop up. Luckily, those days are over. After decades of research into the human genome, scientists today can identify hereditary dispositions and genetic indicators for a wide array of potential health issues before they become serious. All you have to do is take a DNA test. And thanks to the Health + Ancestry service from 23andMe, the testing could not be easier. For those who might need a little bit of a refresher, think of your DNA as a long string of words, with each word made of some combination of four different letters. This sequence is mostly the same for every human being. However, some of these words are different. And some of these differences are “markers” for certain diseases. When you take a DNA test, you’re looking for these markers. Of course, primary care physicians already screen their patients for potential hereditary health issues. Every time you see a new doctor, they’ll ask whether anyone in your family has suffered from x, y, or z. Actual DNA testing is just the next logical step. “Growing evidence suggests that the benefits associated with genetic screening as a whole could be lifesaving in many at-risk populations,” argues Dr. Michael F. Murray in Annals of Internal Medicine. Meanwhile, a review article published in Genes & Disease goes even further, arguing that genetic screening is “the future of preventative medicine.” Citing numerous medical studies, the authors argue that “understanding at a genetic level how a patient may be predisposed to certain health conditions” may help “elude health issues that may later consume a patient’s life.” While home DNA tests cannot offer the most complete picture of your specific health risks, they can be an excellent place to start. And that brings us to the Health + Ancestry Service from 23andMe. At 23andMe, their goal is to help regular, everyday people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. That’s why they created the Health + Ancestry Service. It uses the most advanced home DNA test in the world and state-of-the-art genetic screening to provide you with over 150 personalized reports on your genetic ancestry and health predispositions. Getting started with the 23andme Health + Ancestry Service could not be easier. Your at-home sample collection kit typically arrives three-to-five business days after you place your order. Once you receive it, just spit into the collection tube, seal it, and mail it back in the pre-paid packaging provided. And that’s it. No blood. No needles. Just spit. In three-to-five weeks, 23 and Me will send you an email telling you that your reports are ready to be viewed through your secure online account. The 23andMe Health + Ancestry Service provides 35+ reports on your genetic ancestry, 30+ reports on various genetic traits and characteristics, 11 reports on your genetic predisposition to various diseases, 8 reports on genetic links between various wellness and lifestyle issues, and 40+ carrier status reports that indicate whether you are a carrier for a given condition. These reports will tell you if there are any genetic indicators for the following diseases and conditions: All 23andme Health + Ancestry reports are fully backed by science and meet the highest quality standards. The DNA collection kit is FDA-approved. The Genetic Health Risk and Carrier Status reports meet FDA criteria for being scientifically and clinically valid. All saliva samples are processed in CLIA-certified and CAP-accredited labs. And personalized reports are based on well-established scientific and medical research. Of course, it’s important to remember that these reports are not diagnoses and that DNA tests cannot predict the future. That said, your reports can provide you with crucial insights so that you can be the best possible advocate for yourself with your primary care physician. So why leave your future health up to chance? Take a more active role in safeguarding your future health and get started with 23andMe’s Health + Ancestry Service today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
You probably remember the neural network that generates photos of people who don't actually exist. You might even remember the one that spits out photos of nonexistent cats, or the one that whips up fake résumés, or the one that dreams up listings for imaginary rental properties. Now, a programmer named Aldo Cortesi has created an even stranger algorithm — one that draws silhouettes for nonexistent animals, some of which look plausible and others which look like nothing you've ever seen before. In a post about the project, Cortesi wrote that he was indeed inspired by algorithms that generate human likenesses. "Looking at these images, it seems like the neural net would have to learn a vast number of things to be able to do what these networks were doing. Some of this seems relatively simple and factual — say, that eye colours should match," he wrote. "But other aspects are fantastically complex and hard to articulate. For instance, what nuances are needed to link the configuration of eyes, mouth and skin creases into a coherent facial expression?" "Of course, I'm anthropomorphising a statistical machine here, and we may be fooled by our intuition — it could turn out that there are relatively few working variations, and that the solution space is more constrained than we imagine," he added. "Maybe the most interesting thing is not the images themselves, but rather the uncanny effect they have on us." While he was mulling the implications of that tech, he heard about a database called PhyloPic, which collects silhouettes of animals. He wondered what would happen if he used that cache of data to train a new neural network, designed to create zoological designs. Curiosity got the better of him — and, he wrote, he was "pretty sure I would get a few good prints for my study wall out of it" — so he adapted existing machine learning code and trained the model using the PhyloPic database. In the end, he generated 50,000 images and sorted through them by hand to find the best examples (and, he admits, sometimes adding filters or flipping them for aesthetic purposes). The result is a menagerie of organisms that range from the plausible to the nightmarish — or like uncanny hybrids from Alex Garland's 2018 sci-fi flick "Annihilation."   He also produced a range of alarming-looking hominids: As well as winged insects: And other types of bugs: As well as things that, well, defy easy categorization: The whole thing is worth a read — and Cortesi's post contains even more examples of the grotesque creatures his algorithm generated. "Straying even further into the unknown, the model produced weird abstract patterns and unidentifiable entities, all with a vaguely biological, 'life-ish' feel to them," he wrote. READ MORE: Generative zoology with neural networks [Aldo Cortesi] More on neural networks: Watch an AI Die, Neuron by Neuron  Share This Article 
NASA astronauts Chris Cassidy and Bob Behnken got a tremendous view during their spacewalk on Monday. Their mission was to replace the International Space Station's old solar array batteries with lithium ion ones — but the demands of their relatively straightforward task didn't stop them from appreciating a brand-new sight outside the station. An image snapped by Cassidy showed the gleaming exterior of the ISS with SpaceX's sleek Crew Dragon vehicle docked in the center, recharging its batteries as it slumbered. Towards the bottom you can also see the Japanese space agency JAXA's H-II Transfer Vehicle, an expendable cargo spacecraft used for resupply missions. Yesterday @Astro_SEAL snapped this shot from our worksite on @Space_Station – @SpaceX’s Crew Dragon and @JAXA_en’s HTV in clear view. Not bad for a view while working… pic.twitter.com/DsV5owA3P9 — Bob Behnken (@AstroBehnken) June 27, 2020  "Chris and I had a great event last Friday and a wonderful view of Dragon," Behnken said during a post-spacewalk media conference, as quoted by Space.com. "It was just awesome to be able to look back and snap a picture and I think we got a good daylight shot that kind of showed HTV and Dragon all out there on the front of space station," he added. "It was pretty awesome." "Not bad for a view while working," Behnken later added in a tweet. SpaceX's next-gen Crew Dragon spacecraft seems to be exceeding expectations. During a press conference last week, Steve Stich, NASA’s Commercial Crew Program manager told reporters that "the vehicle’s doing extremely well." So well, in fact, that its solar arrays were dealing far better with the damaging radiation from the Sun "than predicted," according to Stich. Behnken and fellow NASA astronaut Doug Hurley successfully docked with the station on May 30 after a historic launch, becoming the first astronauts to return to space from American soil since the retirement of NASA's Space Shuttle in 2011. But Behnken won't have much time to rest. Alongside Cassidy, he'll tackle the next set of battery swaps during a spacewalk on Wednesday. Then on July 4, NASA is planning to have four of the five astronauts currently on board the station cram into the Crew Dragon to test its habitability. READ MORE: SpaceX's Crew Dragon capsule looked 'pretty awesome' in spacewalk, astronaut says [Space.com] More on Crew Dragon: NASA Says The SpaceX Crew Dragon Module Parked at the ISS is Generating Way More Power Than Expected Share This Article 
Researchers are hoping that tiny graphite-coated balls of uranium, likened by Wired to "radioactive gobstoppers," could revitalize nuclear energy production in the United States by making nuclear plants completely meltdown-proof. Wired reports that the poppy-seed-sized balls, dubbed Triso fuel (tristructural isotropic particle), are low enriched uranium and oxygen surrounded by a shell of graphite and ceramic. The design has been around since the 1960s, but so far they've been to expensive to make and couldn't meet the high demands of most nuclear power plants. The design is supposed to stop the uranium from ever melting — even at 3,200 degrees Fahrenheit. That kind of heat far exceeds your average nuclear reactor temperatures, which generally top out at 1,000 or 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit, according to Wired. "In the new reactor designs, it’s basically impossible to exceed these temperatures, because the reactor kind of shuts down as it reaches these high temperatures," Paul Demkowicz, director of the Advanced Gas Reactor Field Development and Qualification Program at Idaho National Laboratory, told Wired. "So if you take these reactor designs and combine them with a fuel that can handle the heat, you essentially have an accident-proof reactor," he added. Previous reactors used "control rods," a series of tubes made up of silver, boron, and other elements that are highly capable of absorbing excess neutrons. These rods are very large and extremely expensive to make. But by stuffing the reacting uranium inside a protective shell, experts told Wired, those costs could be cut considerably. "Now you don’t have to go build this large containment vessel that costs hundreds of millions of dollars for a reactor, because the fuel carries its own containment," Joel Duling, the president of the Nuclear Operations Group at BWXT, the company that makes the balls, told Wired. "So you can have a reactor that fits in a cargo container and still has all the safety features of a traditional commercial reactor." Duling sees a bright future ahead for BWXT's Triso balls. They've already been used by a handful of nuclear energy startups, according to Wired. Last year, the company was even awarded a contract by the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory to produce fuel for 3D printed nuclear reactors. The Department of Defense is already planning to use Triso fuel in their designs, including small modular and micro-reactor concepts, according to the Department of Energy. And a company called X-energy, Wired reports, is already using the Triso fuels inside billiard-ball sized "power balls" in its new reactor that produce 75 megawatts, a far cry from the capacity of a conventional nuclear reactor. "It is physically impossible — as in, against the laws of physics — for Triso to melt in a reactor," X-energy Clay Sell told Wired. "And when you start with a reactor that can’t melt, your safety case completely changes." READ MORE: Nuclear ‘Power Balls’ May Make Meltdowns a Thing of the Past [Wired] More on nuclear reactors: Engineers Are 3D-Printing a Nuclear Reactor Share This Article 
Researchers have yet to find any evidence of life on any other planet, including Mars. But that hasn't stopped some rogue scientists from making outlandish claims and self-publishing "evidence" of the existence of a microbiological presence on the Red Planet, as CNET's Jackson Ryan reports in an outstanding feature. Self-described neurobiologist Rhawn Gabriel Joseph — a man referred to by Ryan as the "Space Tiger King," a nod to the popular Netflix docuseries — is convinced that life already exists on Mars and Venus, and that we already have the evidence to back it up. The roots of Joseph's school of thought first started with the "labeled release" (LR) experiments on Mars in the 1970s, when NASA's Viking lander looked for biosignatures on the planet by carrying out a series of tests. While the lander found no significant amount of  organic molecules, some scientists, most notably then-NASA researcher Gilbert Levin, believed the results did indeed confirm the existence life on Mars. NASA refuted any such claims outright, writing that the experiments "provided no clear evidence for the presence of living microorganisms in soil near the landing sites." Joseph built on the research from this fringe group of researchers, by claiming that life was brought to the cosmos by a process called "panspermia," a theory that suggests life in space was "seeded" with microbes carried by dust and meteors. Over the decades, Joseph has attempted to get his work peer-reviewed and published in a variety astrobiology journals. He even went as far as creating his own journal, which he calls the Journal of Cosmology, likely an attempt to make his work appear more legitimate. The journal is not much more than an outdated website, and has published claims made by Richard Hoover, another former NASA scientist, who suggested that we discovered fossilized bacteria in space, as CNET reports — yet another claim NASA wants nothing to do with. In 2014, Joseph even attempted to sue NASA into examining a "biological organism" the agency's Opportunity rover discovered on the surface of Mars. He claimed the rover found a "mushroom-like fungus, a composite organism consisting of colonies of lichen and cyanobacteria, and which on Earth is known as Apothecium." It turned out to be a rock. Just last year, Joseph caught a break when the reputable Astrophysics & Space Science journal published a paper of his that claimed life on Venus had already been found. Based on photographic evidence made up of grainy black and white images, Joseph argues that Russia's Venera 13 lander found evidence of life on Venus in 1982. The paper is still online, as CNET found. The journal added an editor's note to the paper this month warning readers that "conclusions of this article are subject to criticisms that are being considered by the editors." Mainstream astrobiologists are not amused. "I feel like these guys have just poisoned the whole field," Paul Myers, a developmental biologist at the University of Minnesota, told CNET. READ MORE: The search for life on Mars and the Space Tiger King [CNET] More on life on Mars: Former NASA Scientist “Convinced” We Already Found Life on Mars Share This Article 
Editor's note 6/30/2020: DeAngelo pleaded guilty to numerous crimes, including 13 counts of first-degree murder and special circumstances, Monday, June 29, 2020. His sentencing is set for August 2020.  Joseph James DeAngelo, the 72-year-old former police officer suspected to be the notorious Golden State Killer (aka the Original Night Stalker and the East Area Rapist), was arrested this week [April 2018]. That's great news for the California communities terrorized by the Golden State Killer, who committed 51 rapes and 12 murders in California between 1974 and 1986. But, arguably, the biggest news: For the first time, a commercial genealogy website led to the suspect's arrest. That's raising some ethical questions about how we use that kind of genetic information. Here's a breakdown of we know, and what we don't. The main tool: a site called GEDmatch. It isn't quite like 23andMe or Ancestry. It's a place where people can share their genetic information publicly – which means there are no legal hurdles for the authorities if they want the data. It's possible investigators also used other genealogy sites to help identify DeAngelo. But the Sacramento County DA's office isn't offering specifics. 23andMe, Ancestry.com, and Family Tree DNA all claimed to not be involved, according to BuzzFeed News. GEDmatch contained genetic information from one of DeAngelo's relatives, Chief Deputy District Attorney Steve Grippi told The Sacramento Bee. “[Investigators] then followed clues to individuals in the family trees to determine whether they were potential suspects,” the Bee reported. “We found a person that was the right age and lived in this area — and that was Mr. DeAngelo,” said Grippi told The New York Times. We don't know what DeAngelo's relative was hoping to find out from a genetic test. Maybe it was more about their ancestors, or potential medical risks. What they did in the end, though, may have been to help close one of the most notorious serial killer cases in the U.S. Yes, but it's a little sketchy. Investigators set up surveillance around DeAngelo's home and got what Anne Marie Schubert, the Sacramento district attorney, called “abandoned” DNA samples — genetic material pulled from something DeAngelo discarded. Law enforcement corroborated this with a second sample, which matched the full DNA profile. "The second sample was astronomical evidence that it was him," Schubert told The Bee, adding, "There were a whole lot of holy s--- moments." GEDmatch claims it wasn't aware of the investigation: “Although we were not approached by law enforcement or anyone else about this case or about the DNA, it has always been GEDmatch’s policy to inform users that the database could be used for other uses, as set forth in the Site Policy,” according to a statement reported by The Verge.  “While the database was created for genealogical research, it is important that GEDmatch participants understand the possible uses of their DNA, including identification of relatives that have committed crimes or were victims of crimes.” Did you read the terms and conditions before you swabbed your cheek? No? Well, let us clue you in: most companies will hand over a customer's genetic information if law enforcement demands it, and has a warrant. Let's start with the positive. Doing this catches bad guys. Law enforcement has used familial DNA searches to solve a murder cases in the past. The LA Times names several individuals, including "The Grim Sleeper," who were apprehended in a similar manner. “I don’t want to be cavalier about privacy issues,” Robert Green, a medical geneticist and professor at Harvard Medical School, told Buzzfeed. “But if this was a legally approved use of a public database, or a legally issued subpoena or warrant for a private database, and it successfully identified a horrible criminal, I think that’s a really exciting and creative use of genealogical data.” However, this technique has also led law enforcement down the wrong path. That was what happened to Michael Usry, who, in 2014, was wrongly accused of committing a 1996 murder, according to the LA Times. In 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court deemed that a suspect's DNA "...like fingerprinting and photographing, [is] a legitimate police booking procedure that is reasonable under the Fourth Amendment." Basically, law enforcement can legally take your DNA without a warrant. Several states, however, have put limits on familial DNA searches. Some, such as Maryland and the District of Columbia, have banned the technique. At-home DNA tests are becoming cheaper and more easily accessible. And even if you aren't taking one (DeAngelo didn't) if relatives are, does that put you at risk? Much like the recent Facebook Cambridge Analytica Scandal, even if you didn't share your data, a friend might have. It's easy to imagine a future where everyone knows your genetic code. And you didn't even willingly contribute. Share This Article 
No matter what you've done online today, it involved Python. Visited Instagram? It runs on Python. Seen a fun video on YouTube? Python was driving some of its features. Python powers everything from special effects to search engines to industrial facilities to security systems. The answer why lies in the name. Python was built to be both powerful and flexible, supporting multiple styles and approaches to programming; making efficient use of system resources; limiting the steps needed for a program to run; and coming with a comprehensive standard library making it easy to get up and running. Since it first arrived in 1991, Python has become the developer's tool of choice, and the Epic Python Developer Certification Bundle, available for a limited time for $40, will take you through Python from the very beginning steps to some of its most complex uses. The bundle starts with four courses. "Python for Beginners: Learn Python from Scratch" will help you start with Python even if you've never opened a terminal before. Once you have those basics down, you'll learn about Python 3, the latest version, in "Learning Python 3 Programming for the Absolute Beginner," which will walk beginners and experienced developers seeking to pick up a new language through challenging questions with detailed explanations to really give you a sense of how Python functions. "Python 3 Complete Masterclass: Make Your Job Tasks Easier!" will help you get a fuller grasp of Python and its day-to-day uses, focusing particularly on task automation and other ways to use Python to boost your productivity. And you'll cap it off with "Learn Python 3 from Beginner to Advanced," which will give you a series of hands-on examples that begin simply and build up to more complex problems. With that firm grounding in place, you've got multiple choices on where to go next. Network Programming: "Python 3 Network Programming: Build 5 Network Apps" and the follow--up course "Python 3 Network Programming – Sequel: Build 5 More Apps" will take you step-by-step through ten apps that automate tasks and create useful tools on internal and external networks. Data Science: "Complete Data Science Training with Python for Data Analysis" will teach you the basics of working with data in Python, including the major data science packages; and "Practical Data Pre-Processing & Visualization Training With Python" will show you how to wrangle massive data sets and turn them into useful visualizations. Machine Learning: Once you've got the data science down, you can use machine learning to tackle giant datasets and draw useful patterns from them. "Statistics & Machine Learning Techniques for Regression Analysis with Python," "Working with Classes: Classify & Cluster Data with Python," and "Master Clustering Analysis for Data Science Using Python" will show you how to use clustering, the grouping of specific data points, and clustering analysis to draw new conclusions from data. Security: Finally, if you're looking for a career as a penetration tester, or are just curious to see how Python can help keep your data and your computer safe, "Python 3 for Offensive PenTest: A Complete Practical Course" will show you how to develop tools that probe networks for weaknesses and fight common hacker tactics, setting you up for further training as a "white-hat" hacker. Python opens the door to any number of coding careers, and if you're already working in coding or it's a part of your job, it gives you powerful tools to automate, analyze, and refine with a minimal amount of effort. Start learning today with The Epic Python Developer Certification Bundle while it's on sale for only $39.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Shakespeare wrote that sleep knits up the raveled sleeve of care, which is a nice turn of phrase. But it doesn't really capture how essential a good night’s sleep is to the daily functions of human beings. Yet, in the modern world, more human beings than ever are having trouble sleeping thanks to a variety of factors. And a lot of modern solutions such as sleep medications can end up leading to more problems down the road. Luckily, there's Som Sleep, a powerful, non-habit-forming daily sleep aid that's also a great tasting berry-flavored drink. Som Sleep's formula has been painstakingly developed to encourage sleep with minimal side effects. The Original Som Sleep Formula, better known as the "Som Stack," combines natural ingredients with green tea to give your body the nutritional building blocks of a good night’s sleep. The main sleep-inducing ingredients of the Som Stack are a proprietary blend of L-theanine, GABA, melatonin, as well as water, cane sugar, erythritol, natural flavors, citric acid, magnesium citrate, stevia leaf extract, and pyridoxine hydrochloride. That might not sound appetizing, but it tastes like berries, and is non-carbonated. Som Sleep is so effective that you should only take it if you need at least seven-to-eight hours of sleep. But it's also gentle enough to be non-habit-forming. You just take it half-an-hour before you plan on going to bed, and you’re looking at a night of deep, restful sleep. Som was engineered primarily as a sleep supplement, but it also has some other nutritional benefits. Every serving contains Vitamin B6 and magnesium, both critical nutrients for the process of biosynthesis. You can get plenty of information on Som Sleep by visiting the product’s official site. But if you’re experiencing regular insomnia it’s almost certainly worth a try. A 12-pack of Som costs $29.99, but with a subscription plan, you can get a 20-percent discount. And if you sign up for a Som Sleep sleep aid drink subscription, there are no additional shipping costs unless you opt for faster delivery. So head over to the official Som Sleep site right here to sign up for the subscription that works best for you. You've got nothing to lose except more sleep. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientists have discovered a new influenza virus in pigs, dubbed G4, that has the potential to be transmitted between humans. The virus contains a blend of genetic material, Science reports, from several strains including the H1N1 strain from the 2009 pandemic that killed 12,000 Americans. Humans have no immunity for the new virus, though it does not appear to have jumped to many humans yet, according to findings detailed in a new study published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences today. "From the data presented, it appears that this is a swine influenza virus that is poised to emerge in humans," Edward Holmes, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Sydney who was not involved in the research, told Science. "Clearly this situation needs to be monitored very closely." The team analyzed almost 30,000 nasal swags taken from pigs at 10 different slaughterhouses in different Chinese provinces between 2011 and 2018. They discovered 179 swine influenza viruses, with the great majority being the G4 virus. "G4 virus has shown a sharp increase since 2016, and is the predominant genotype in circulation in pigs detected across at least 10 provinces," reads the paper. They also note that the virus possesses "all the essential hallmarks of being highly adapted to infect humans," and should therefore be under strengthened surveillance. Due to "increased human infectivity" rates, the opportunity for "virus adaptation in humans" is greatly enhanced, and therefore "raises concerns for the possible generation of pandemic viruses," the scientists wrote. Many influenza viruses actually have made the jump from pigs to humans, as Science points out, but most do not spread between humans. The researchers found five human cases of illnesses that were linked to this particular type of virus, two of whom had neighbors who raised pigs. Experts are torn about whether the G4 virus will lead to the next pandemic. Martha Nelson, an evolutionary biologist at the U.S. National Institutes of Health’s Fogarty International Center, told Science that "the likelihood that this particular variant is going to cause a pandemic is low," but noted that "influenza can surprise us." Nelson also pointed out that the sample wasn't big enough to get a "good snapshot." "We need to be aware of this risk so that we can start taking measures to prevent spillover now, while it is still in pigs," Melinda Rostal, a veterinarian epidemiologist and zoonotic disease expert at EcoHealth Alliance, told Inverse. "It is important for people to know and remember that influenza viruses do continue to have the potential cause a pandemic, even as we continue the fight against the coronavirus pandemic," Rostal added. "The results of this study should be acted upon by veterinarians and public health officials in Asia and we should be aware of it." "We just do not know a pandemic is going to occur until the damn thing occurs," Robert Webster, a retired influenza investigator from St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital told Science. "Will this one do it? God knows." Share This Article 
You'll never get a whiff of it directly — but astronauts have long said that space leaves a distinctive residual smell on their suits. Though it varies with the teller, some say it evokes gunpowder, burned meat, and even raspberries. "At first I couldn't quite place it," former ISS science officer Don Pettit wrote in a 2002 NASA blog post. "It must have come from the air ducts that re-pressed the compartment. Then I noticed that this smell was on their suit, helmet, gloves, and tools. It was more pronounced on fabrics than on metal or plastic surfaces." Now, that smell is coming down to Earth. Omega Ingredients, a UK-based natural flavors company for the food and beverages industry, has created a fragrance that it claims smells like space. The company is hoping to bring the aptly named "Eau de Space" to market through a Kickstarter campaign, and has already smashed through its goal of $2,000 in funding. Omega founder Steve Pearce was first contracted by NASA to recreate a fragrance that smells outer space back in 2008, CNN reports. He took four years to come up with the unique smell. "NASA's goal of simulating Space during training is to eliminate any surprises Astronauts might experience in Outer Space," the Kickstarter description reads. "Practice makes perfect, and it is Rocket Science." "We've all had Space Ice Cream... this takes it a step further," it boasts. The smell of space is hard to pin down. "The best description I can come up with is metallic; a rather pleasant sweet metallic sensation," Pettit wrote. "It reminded me of pleasant sweet smelling welding fumes. That is the smell of space." Astronauts during NASA's Apollo missions also found that Moon dust seemed to have a similar smell, likening the odor to the smell of gunpowder. "Space definitely has a smell that's different than anything else," Discovery pilot Dominic "Tony" Antonelli said after a spacewalk in March 2009, as quoted by Space.com. According to Antonelli, the smell lingered once the station's outer hatch was locked again after a spacewalk and the inner door was reopened. The smell does seem to largely depend on the nose of the beholder. Over the decades, astronauts have also likened the smell to o-zone, sulfur, and even rum. The surface of planets, on the other hand, could be far smellier than outer space. For instance, Mars' deadly mix of iron, sulfur, acids, and carbon dioxide would end up making it smell like rotten eggs — not exactly what you'd want to wear on a fancy night out. If you were able to survive the trip, a deep whiff of Jupiter's lighter layers of gas could end up smelling like cleaning products and urine, since they're mostly made up of ammonia. READ MORE: This is what space smells like [CNN] More on space smell: NASA Says It Needs a New Space Toilet for the Artemis Moon Missions Share This Article 
Machine learning wouldn't exist if Stanislaw Ulam hadn't gotten annoyed at his game of solitaire. In 1946, Ulam was trying to figure out the probability of winning a game of solitaire. The "deterministic" models of the time, which didn't allow for randomness, didn't work. So instead he played, and documented, one hundred games, crunching the raw numbers that resulted. When he returned to work, he realized he could approach complex nuclear physics problems the same way, and the Monte Carlo method was born. As algorithms designed to recognize patterns modeled on the brain called neural networks were developed, this approach was refined to the point where now computers can "learn" by doing the same process, over and over again, and checking the result. If you've ever used CAPTCHA, you've been teaching an AI how to read text or a photograph. As machine learning expands, and is deployed on enormous datasets no human could manage, machine learning and big data have become hot careers. Between 2015 and 2018, Indeed.com found that machine learning engineer job postings had grown 344% with an average salary of $146,000. And whether you're looking to break-in, or simply refine your skills, the Complete 2020 Big Data and Machine Learning Bundle can put you on the cutting edge for just $40. If you're just starting out, or you want a refresher on the state of the art from the ground up, the ten-course bundle begins with Machine Learning for Absolute Beginners - Level 1, which has led over 20,000 students through the basic theory and fundamentals of machine learning and big data management. Once you've got the basics down, you'll move on to learning how to get computers to work together with Apache Spark and Hadoop. Big data and machine learning take enormous amounts of processing firepower, more than one computer can provide. Spark is a unified analytics engine; think of it as an air traffic controller scheduling where data goes and when it's processed. Hadoop, meanwhile, serves as scalable infrastructure underneath the computing, allowing you to quickly add more resources as needed to your projects. Both of these are worth studying on their own, as many industrial computing applications make use of both. You'll also learn how to effectively use MapReduce, which helps process data; for example, if you have a massive archive of names, MapReduce can break it down into first, middle, and last names, and then tell you how many of each there are.  From there, you'll move into Python. Python is the Swiss Army knife of modern coding, used in everything from Wikipedia and Google to web applications and the embedded scripting language in a huge number of popular software suites. In particular, you'll learn about Tensorflow, one of the most popular machine learning applications originally developed by Google, and Keras, an open-source neural network program popular with big data applications. Both of these are the current gold standard for neural networks and machine learning. Finally, you can wrap up with a course on Elasticsearch, an open-source search and analytics engine that's increasingly being used to do more common data analysis tasks, leaving more resources free for the more complex work. Our need to better understand big data isn't going away. As we strap health trackers to our wrists, report fake news to social media moderators, and track the climate through growing numbers of weather satellites, it'll become more central to any job, coder, or not. Getting a leg up now won't just improve your career, but give you some insight into the future. Right now, you can take the first step to understanding big data and machine learning with The Complete 2020 Big Data and Machine Learning Bundle, now on sale for only $39.90. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Feeling overwhelmed by debt? You’re not alone. In addition to mortgages, car loans, and credit card debt, more Americans than ever are drowning in student loan debt. We’re paying thousands of dollars a year in interest while barely making a dent on the principal. But here’s the good news: you don’t have to just sit there and let debt control your life. A game-changing startup called Credible is using tech to make it unbelievably easy to refinance student loans—not to mention other kinds of debt—with just a few clicks. If you’re still reading this, we probably don’t need to tell you that the student loan debt crisis is crippling the U.S. economy. As of 2020, there are an estimated 44.7 million borrowers on the hook for a mind-boggling $1.56 trillion in student loans, with an average debt of $32,731. In fact, student loans now constitute the second-highest debt category, right behind mortgages. At the rate things are going, some experts are predicting that 40% of all borrowers will default on their student loans by 2023. And already a whopping 32% of people who file for bankruptcy have significant student loan debt. All this debt isn’t just affecting individuals and households. It’s weighing down the entire economy. When people are crippled by debt, they can’t save for a downpayment on a home, or qualify for a mortgage, or get a loan to start a small business. And all of that stuff drives economic growth. Then there’s the social impact of debt. More and more people are holding off on getting married and having kids because they don’t feel they’re in a strong enough position financially. In fact, 13% of people between the ages of 20 and 45 said they decided not to have kids because of student loan debt. And this sort of thing can have a major impact down the road, as society starts to grapple with a generation of older parents. Unfortunately, what most people don’t realize is that there are steps you can take to reduce the burden debt places on your shoulders. That brings us to Credible.  In the past, refinancing student loans or any other kind of debt required a ton of leg work. You’d have to call around to a bunch of different financial institutions, provide your financial information to each one, and get individual quotes from each one. The whole process was incredibly tedious and designed to maintain the status quo. Credible was created to turn this system on its head. Credible is not a lender or a bank. It’s an online marketplace for student loan refinancing options. It allows you to compare multiple lenders side-by-side based on the criteria that are most important to you, such as total repayment amount, APR, repayment options, and monthly payment. All you have to do is fill out a simple form and in just two minutes you will receive up to 10 personalized prequalified offers. Some loan comparison sites only provide you with generic information about their products, which means the rates listed won’t necessarily be available to you. That’s what sets Credible apart. When you use Credible, they perform what’s called a “soft credit inquiry.” This type of credit inquiry does not affect your credit rating, but it does allow Credible to provide actual personalized quotes. Only after you choose to sign with a specific lending partner will the typical “hard credit inquiry” be performed. But by that time your rate will already be locked in. With Credible you can refinance federal, private, and ParetnPLUS student loans, lowering your interest rate or reducing your monthly payment. On average, people who use the service cut the interest payment on their student loan by 37 percent. Credible doesn’t just help people refinance student loans, either. They can also help you refinance mortgages or find new student loans, new personal loans, and new mortgages. So if you’re drowning in debt, don’t wait another day to take action. Fill out Credible’s simple online form, get your personalized refinancing options, and regain control of your life. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Imagine that you're crammed inside a claustrophobic spacecraft, in zero gravity, hurtling at tens of thousands of miles per hour — and you have to poop. Designing a toilet that works in space has posed a serious challenge for NASA since the early days of space travel. Now, the space agency is calling for your help. The just-launched "Lunar Loo Challenge" is a collaboration between NASA's Human Landing System Program, its Tournament Lab, and a startup called HeroX, which organizes crowdsourcing campaigns (HeroX co-founder Peter Diamandis also started Singularity University, which owns Futurism.) If you submit a design, you could even take home a $20,000 cash prize — not to mention the knowledge that you've changed the trajectory of human space travel. "We want to press this community of makers, garage tinkerers and citizen scientists to really see what ideas they could bring up," said Michael Interbartolo, who works on NASA's Human Lunar Lander Crew Module development team and helped organize the challenge, in an interview with Futurism. The idea is to seek the public's help to devise a space toilet that can work in both microgravity and lunar gravity. Designs, according to documents provided by organizers, must allow for "simultaneous urination and defecation" and accommodate "500g of diarrhea per event," all the while making sure that "the crew is not exposed to urine, feces, or other collected materials." "If you ever pooped in space, you know that they need help," Christian Cotichini, the CEO HeroX, told Futurism. "I've got some video I can send you. It's not pretty." "They really need to come up with a new design," Cotichini added. "Also, the data I've looked at, one of the most unsatisfying elements of your typical astronaut's experience of being in space is doing number two." In other words, space bathrooms can get extraordinarily nasty. NASA has known that since the Space Race, when astronauts had to contend with the infamous "Apollo Fecal Containment Device," a glorified poop bag the crew had to literally stick to their behinds. To make sure the bags didn't balloon into gas-filled hazards, astronauts had to add special pouches of germicide to break down the stool. "The crew really hated the Apollo bags," Interbartolo said. "Some of the crew members didn't like it so much they tried to hold it in." In one particularly horrible incident, during the 1969 Apollo 10 mission, a fragment of poo escaped and floated through the cramped cabin — to the astronauts' horror. "Give me a napkin quick," commander Tom Stafford said, according to the official NASA transcript. "There's a turd floating through the air." The Apollo 10 mission took eight days. The Russian space program was the first to construct a proper space toilet for use on board the Mir space station in the mid-1980s. Cosmonauts were treated to a device that could suction away waste away from their bodies with the help of a light vacuum. Back then, urine was usually vented into space. In fact, frozen flakes of urine managed to seriously damage one of Mir's solar panels. Fast forward several decades, and arguably not much has changed. The toilet on board the International Space Station isn't drastically different than the Mir-era Russian toilets. The seat itself is a rudimentary plastic one — a far cry from the comfort of an Earthly water closet. Solid waste is collected inside a container which is shot back at Earth, where it burns up in the atmosphere. Pee gets sucked into bags via a hose with a fan, and the station's Urine Processing Assembly recycles it into drinking water for the crew. Space isn't for the weak spirited. Luckily, a new toilet for the International Space Station is already in the works. The "Universal Waste Management System (UWMS)" is meant to standardize the toilet experience in space and thereby reduce costs. For NASA, a new space toilet is crucial, because it's planning to return the first humans to the surface of the Moon since the Apollo era as part of the Artemis program — as early as 2024, if everything goes according to plan. It's also an important undertaking because space tourists could soon start to crowd Earth's orbit, and eventually perhaps even the Moon's surface. And if you were wondering, there's little interest to going back to the bad old days of Apollo-era space defecation. "Based on the Apollo feedback of the lack of a toilet and having to use fallbacks, there was no way we knew we could go back to the Moon with an archaic system like that," Interbartolo said. "So we need a more capable system." Another design possibility is that on the surface of the Moon, astronauts could cut launch weight by jettisoning human waste and leaving it behind. There's a precedent for that strategy. Over several Apollo missions, astronauts left 96 bags of feces, urine, and vomit on the lunar surface. During longer trips, the weight would grow dramatically. NASA estimates that it'd need to manage about 600 pounds of solid waste on a mission to Mars, for instance. "There's probably a lot of stuff that eventually you're offloading from the lander just to reduce your dry mass going back up to orbit," Interbartolo said. But away from the Moon, he envisions that the lander itself will "be potentially capable of doing a urine dump in orbit." Leaving waste behind on other worlds, though, comes with the risk of contamination. Scientists are worried that our waste could end up wreaking havoc on alien ecosystems — vanishingly unlikely on the Moon, but within the realm of possibility on Mars. That's why they've come up with the basic guiding principle of "planetary protection." Essentially, the idea is to keep our germs and trash to ourselves, especially if space travel becomes commonplace. Even on the Moon, according to Interbartolo, "anything within several meters of the Lander is considered contaminated." Interbartolo and Cotichini both hope that opening the door to new ideas from the public could help solve the vast range of challenges to using the bathroom in space. "We've seen this across all organizations," Cotichini said. "No matter who you are, you know, there's more creative energy in the people that don't work for you than the people that work for you." So what will pooping on the Moon look like in 2024? It might not be great, but with the help of amateur NASA collaborators, it could well be the best — and most hygienic — that it's been in the history of space travel. "The beauty of these NASA challenges is you get to work on a NASA project," Cotichini said. "You don't have to be an astronaut. You don't have to have a degree. You get to participate." Share This Article 
After it went public a few weeks ago, stocks for the electric and hydrogen-powered car startup Nikola Motors soared enough to give it a valuation of over $20 billion, a princely sum that surpassed valuations of both Ford and Fiat-Chrysler, two of America's oldest automakers. Nikola's promise is to revolutionize trucking in the US using hydrogen fuel cells, technology that turns potential energy from molecular bonds in hydrogen into electrical energy. But not everybody is buying that hydrogen is the future of long-haul transportation. After Nikola's great financial run, Tesla's outspoken CEO Elon Musk tweeted that "Fuel cells = fool sells," on June 11. Musk and his fans took to mocking the concept of hydrogen fuel cells, with Musk deriding the tech as "staggeringly dumb." It's worth pointing out that Musk isn't a neutral party. Tesla announced that its own semi truck is officially going into "volume production" earlier this month — less than a week after Nikola Motors went public. And, of course, he might feel defensive about another auto company naming itself after famed inventor Nikola Tesla. Nikola is also taking aim at Musk's pet project at Tesla, the long-awaited Cybertruck, a stainless steel monstrosity intended to appease the pickup market. In February, Nikola unveiled the Badger, its own take on the pickup truck, with an estimated 600 mile range thanks to a combination of hydrogen fuel cells and lithium ion batteries. In an interview with Observer today, Nikola CEO Trevor Milton responded to Musk's provocations — with a series of counterattacks couched in polite disinterest. "I think it’s kind of a compliment," Milton told Observer, referring to the fact that Tesla announced it would ramp up production of its Semi truck the same week Nikola went public. "I mean, it’s nice to know that we’re affecting Elon’s decisions," he added. "We have nothing against Tesla. But you can definitely tell that we’re scaring them because now he’s dedicated all of Tesla’s resources to the semi truck project." To Milton, the idea of of generating hydrogen to use it as energy storage for a truck makes sense, since "in trucking, weight is everything," as he told Observer. "How much a truck weighs empty determines how much freight it can move." "Hydrogen is also much lighter," he continued. "A hydrogen semi truck can weigh up to 10,000 pounds lighter than a battery electric truck." He also specifically dissed the Cybertruck, a move that seems calculated to raise Musk's ire further. "I grew up on a farm, and I’ve owned trucks my entire life," he told the newspaper. "I think Tesla’s Cybertruck isn’t built for real truck owners; they are built for Tesla fanatics." Even with its grand hydrogen fuel cell ambitions, Nikola had to resort to adding a lithium ion battery to its hydrogen-powered pickup. "Because I don’t believe one size fits all," Milton told the Observer. But do hydrogen fuel cell-powered trucks, let alone cars, really stand a chance of becoming commonplace? For years, Tesla has been investing resources into building out a Supercharger network to enable Tesla owners to charge their cars on the go — and quickly, without having to wait hours at the gas station. When it comes to hydrogen cars, at least in the US, chargers are few in far between. According to a map by the US Department of Energy, there are only 47 hydrogen fueling stations in the US and Canada, with the vast majority in California. As expected, Nikola is planning to change that with plans for 700 hydrogen stations across the US for semi trucks, according to Milton. With so few available hydrogen chargers, consumer demand has been predictably slow. Only a handful of hydrogen fuel cell powered vehicles are currently on sale in the US, and sales have been sluggish, with fuel cell car sales actually dipping in 2019. The top seller, Toyota's Mirai, sold only 1,502 units that year. It's a catch 22: Without chargers, demand isn't going to increase much. Without demand, companies are less likely to invest in the technology and building out charger infrastructure. The range isn't the question. A 2020 Toyota Mirai can already drive over 300 miles on a full tank of hydrogen according to official EPA ratings. It's somewhat reminiscent of the early days of the electric vehicle. In 2010, practically nobody was buying an electric vehicle in the U.S., according to government sales figures. Years later, dozens of models from a variety of international carmakers are selling hundreds of thousands annually. The million — or billion — dollar question: Will we see the same spectacular rise in the sales of hydrogen-powered cars? Nikola is flipping Tesla's approach on its head, by starting with long-haul trucking and then following up with consumer vehicles. "To be honest with you, there’s a lot of money to be made in selling trucks, whereas there’s almost no money in [selling] cars," Milton told the Observer. "That’s why we love trucking." Trucking in the US is a massively important industry, generating over $700 billion in 2017 alone. Trucking accounts for 71 percent of all freight in the US with truckers making up almost six percent of the entire full-time job market. In 2016, Nikola first unveiled its first futuristic hydrogen truck, the Nikola One, with the Nikola Two and Tre following in 2019. The company still has yet to make a single dollar in revenue. That didn't stop the company from suing Tesla in 2018 for two billion dollars. Its claim: Tesla's semi truck, announced in 2017, looks too damn much like their own. Design patents were upheld in court back in April, with the lawsuit moving forward. Nikola's Tre however bears almost no design similarities with Tesla's semi. But hydrogen power does have a significant Achilles heel, with its current tech riddled by inefficiencies. According to current studies, electric cars achieve efficiencies of anywhere between 70 and 90 percent, depending on the model and how much energy it takes for electricity to be transported prior to storage. In contrast, "45 percent of the energy is already lost during the production of hydrogen through electrolysis," read a March 2020 press release by Volkswagen. "Of this remaining 55 percent of the original energy, another 55 percent is lost when converting hydrogen into electricity within the vehicle." That would give hydrogen-powered cars an efficiency of only 25 to 35 percent. "In concrete terms this means that a hydrogen car consumes two to three times more electricity for the same distance than a battery car," the statement concluded. "But we cannot afford this kind of energy waste." Yet Milton argues that hydrogen could still win. "Everyone has inefficiency," he told the Observer. "Do you know how much inefficiency there is in the grid that burns natural gas or coal to power an electric car? It’s weight and the cost-per-mile to move a vehicle that matter." Milton's dream is to make powering a hydrogen truck cheaper than a diesel or battery one. It's a tall order that will end up heavily depending on the renewable energy sector as well since that's where Nikola wants its energy to come from to generate hydrogen fuel. The CEO is optimistic. "We are a brand new company, so all we have to go is up," he told Observer. "It might take some time to get there. But investors are patient with us." READ MORE: Nikola Founder Hits Back at Elon Musk Doubts, Explains His Grand Plan: Q&A [Observer] More on Nikola: Nikola’s Futuristic Hydrogen-Powered Semi Is 100% Emissions Free Share This Article 
Have you ever wondered if your hangovers were trying to tell you something? It’s not uncommon to imagine that they’re warning you that you should stop drinking so much alcohol. But when it comes to a replacement drink that still provides some social lubrication, your options tend to be limited. But Kin's euphoric beverages are mood-altering non-alcoholic drinks that might just be the answer. Plus, they won’t give you hangovers. What are euphorics? They’re non-alcoholic drinks that are engineered to encourage conscious connection. This is accomplished through herbs known as adaptogens that help you manage stress, compounds that aid cognition called nootropics, and plant matter that boost flavor, function, and nutrition called botanics. Mixed together in various permutations, they give you the entire Kin line, which is made up of three different products (so far). Kin Spritz is a daytime boost that comes ready to drink all on its own. Billed as Kin’s answer to the classic “summer spritz,” Spritz boasts a citrus flavor core with a kick of ginger in addition to Kin’s proprietary blend of euphorics. The euphorics will react to each drinker’s body chemistry in order to produce unique effects, anything from relaxing calm to, well, euphoric joy. And the accompanying brain boost makes this a recommended part of your daily routine, especially compared to alcoholic beverages. Kin also makes a euphoric beverage for bedtime. Dream Light can produce effects ranging from “warm and fuzzy” to “calm and floaty,” but no matter how you experience the sensations in question, you’ll find yourself better prepared for a good night’s sleep. A light dose of melatonin (the substance your own body produces in order to put itself to sleep) will begin the process of a healthy night’s sleep without any tranquilizing effects, while flavorwise it boasts an “earthy, smoky, and smoothly spiced palette.” L-theanine and passionflower work together to boost GABA levels while l-tryptophan supports serotonin, another important component of your body’s own natural sleep rhythms. High Rhode is described as a tart, floral herbaceous euphoric that is meant to be used as a mixer. Like all euphorics, different people will respond in different ways to its effects, but sensations of relaxation and clearer thought are common, as well as greater, more pleasurable social interaction. You aren’t supposed to use any Kin euphorics with alcohol, but a Kin mixer with High Rhode and whatever juices or soda you enjoy most comes highly recommended. Especially by the satisfied customers that have caused High Rhode to be - as of this writing - temporarily out of stock. You can get a 500ml bottle of Dream Light for $39.99, while a 4-, 8-, or 12-pack of Kin Spritz will set you back $4.99 per 8-ounce can. And all Kin products can be purchased on a subscription plan at a discount. So if you’re curious about euphorics (and at this point how couldn’t you be?), head over to Kin’s official site here to place an order now. And if you know anyone else who might be trying to decode a message from their regular hangovers, Kin beverages are also available in gift sets. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Have you been thinking about installing a solar energy system in your home? If so, that’s a good thing. There has never been a better time to go solar. However, solar energy isn’t always right for everybody, and the process can be extremely complicated. So, is solar worth it? If you’re serious about finding out, the very first thing you need to do is get a free estimate and consultation from the experts at Understand Solar. For a long time people have been saying solar panels would revolutionize the energy industry. But it wasn’t until recently that this prediction finally started to come true. Thanks to a number of interrelated factors—including solar-friendly industry regulations, government tax incentives, lower equipment costs, and improved technology, just to name a few—the cost of installing solar energy systems has dropped about 70 percent over the last decade. As a result, not only are solar panels more affordable than ever, but when you factor in the money you’ll save on energy and the value they add to your home, going solar could be the best financial decision you will ever make. Or it might not. Is solar worth it in your area? That's a tough question to answer on your own. Though we’ve come a long way, investing in solar panels is still not the best option for everyone. The cost-benefit ratio and ROI depends on a number of complicated factors, including the architectural features and geographical location of your home, the prevalence of solar contractors and suppliers in your area, and the laws and regulations in your state or municipality. That’s where Understand Solar comes in. Understand Solar is a third-party solar energy advocate entirely dedicated to helping consumers navigate the process of researching, financing, and installing solar energy systems. If you are completely new to solar energy, Understand Solar will teach you everything you need to know, from how solar energy systems work, to how they connect to the public grid, to how much solar panels cost, and how long they last. Understand Solar can also explain all your financing and leasing options, as well as any government tax incentives that may be available to you. Once you understand the basics of solar energy, Understand Solar provides a free, personalized, commitment-free solar energy assessment. All you have to do is fill out a simple online form that asks for a few basic details about your home. After that, a solar energy expert will contact you via phone to discuss your assessment and answer any questions you may have. At this point, you may learn that, for one reason or another, solar energy is not right for you. However, you might discover that solar panels can make you a lot of money. Over the last few years we’ve started to get a better idea of how solar energy systems affect the value of homes. And the news is good. “There is increased demand for green living,” according to Zillow senior economist Sarah Mikhitarian. “More than 80% of buyers now say energy-efficient features are important in selecting their home. We are increasingly finding that these attributes are important to prospective home buyers. This is part of the reason that there is a premium associated with it. The other piece is that there is true value provided by solar panels — namely, future energy savings.” One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1-percent to the value of the average home, with higher rates occurring in major urban areas. Another study found that buyers are generally willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another study concluded that, assuming your house gets enough light, you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar installed. Of course, those are all just estimates. The exact value of your investment will depend on where you live, the size of your home, how many solar panels you install, the projected long term electricity rates, and how you choose to finance. However, experts say that, in some cases, an investment in solar panels can outperform traditional investment portfolios over the course of 20 years. If all that sounds complicated, that’s because it is complicated. So if you’re thinking about going solar, start with a free solar assessment from Understand Solar. Your representative will crunch all the numbers and lay out all your options in a manner that’s easy to understand. Then, only when you are ready, Understand Solar will arrange in-home estimates with experienced installers in your area. So, is solar worth it? If you’re ready to find out, why wait another day? Click here right now to get started with a free solar energy assessment from Understand Solar. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Astronauts on board the International Space Station will be about to sigh a big sigh of relief: the space station is getting a brand spanking new toilet, as Space.com reports. The new system called the Universal Waste Management System (UWMS) is meant to be the (smelly) testing grounds for zero gravity toilets to be used during long space flight, such as a journey to Mars. It's also meant to standardize the toilet experience in space and thereby reduce costs — as well as lead to the development of smaller fecal canisters to improve stowage efficiency, according to NASA. A NASA spokesperson told Space.com that the new and improved lavatory could be headed to the ISS as early as this fall, but a spacecraft has yet to be picked out for the special delivery. The goal of the new toilet is also to make sure that we don't have to leave human waste behind and thereby risking cross-contamination on distant planets. In fact, during Apollo 11, US astronauts left 96 bags of human poop on the lunar surface. Many scientists argue we should go back and dispose of it properly. Long-distance space travel could end up accruing a lot of waste. In fact, NASA estimates that we'd need to manage about 600 pounds of solid waste on a mission to Mars. "Our future goals are to stabilize and dry the metabolic waste to make it microbially inactive and possibly reuse that water, reduce the amount of consumables for the potty, because it does really accumulate on a long mission," Jim Broyan, program manager for Environmental Control and Life Support Technology and Crew Health and Performance at NASA, said during a May 20 meeting, as quoted by Space.com. The toilet on board the ISS right now dates back to the 90s. In the past, astronauts have struggled with aim. It also proved to be clunky to use, especially for women. In February 2019, Russian media reported that the toilet on board the ISS burst, spilling gallons of fluid. The lucky astronauts had to mop it up with towels. The new toilet will have an adjusted shape and will include toe bars for astronauts to hook their feet into. The same model will eventually fly on NASA's Orion spacecraft that's headed to the Moon later this decade. READ MORE: The International Space Station is getting a new toilet this year [Space.com] More on space toilet: Scientists’ New Goal: Make the ISS Bathroom Less Disgusting Share This Article 
When it comes to being a truly great visual artist or illustrator, the unfortunate fact is that most people believe that they have to be born with a certain set of skills. This myth causes countless potential artists to give up on their passion before they’ve even started. But the truth is that regardless of whether you’re trying to launch a full-fledged career in illustration or simply want to learn a new hobby, it’s entirely possible to acquire the skills you need through good old-fashion practice and perseverance. Of course, it still helps to have a decent teacher by your side. And while you may not be able to sign up for any in-person courses at the moment, you can take advantage of the wildly popular Fundamental Drawing Bundle for Beginners. The training comes with 12 courses and 340 lessons that will teach you how to create incredibly realistic drawings and designs even if you’ve never put a pencil to paper in your life. Taught by top-rated instructor Brent Eviston, this $39.99 bundle will teach you how to work in both physical and digital mediums through detailed courses that rely on a combination of easy-to-follow lectures and examples that you can follow along with on all of your devices. Here is just some of the material that’s covered in this comprehensive bundle: In the Art & Science of Drawing: Form and Space course, you’ll learn how to produce drawings that give the illusion of 3D objects occupying deep space. Although this is often one of the most important ways in which artists create realistic imagery, it can also be the most difficult, and this course makes this intimidating topic easy for beginners. In the How to Draw Heads: Step-by-Step & From Any Angle course, you’ll tackle another notoriously challenging topic in the world of design by learning how to draw both male and female comic-style heads in a variety of ways. This individual course alone has over 900 positive reviews from over 6,000 students and remains one of the most popular in the bundle. Next, you’ll dive into more abstract elements by learning how to draw dynamic comic book heroes from start to finish. By focussing on everything from initial character development and background scenery to the nuanced elements of action-drawing and rendering, you’ll be able to create entire graphic novels from scratch. There’s also a course that offers an extensive explanation of how to use graphite pencils in order to improve your shading. Through 56 lessons that offer a bird’s eye view of an artist demonstrating their technique, you’ll quickly get a feel for the unique and incredibly important art of sketching and shading. And these four courses only represent a third of the entire bundle, which is also packed with instruction that walks you through editing digital images in Adobe Illustrator, drawing 3D objects in specific environments, capturing the profiles of animals, and much more. Don’t let a lack of proper education hold you back from pursuing your love of illustration and design. The Fundamental Drawing Bundle for Beginners will get you to where you need to be for a fraction of what you’d pay for a similar in-class education, and it’s currently available for just $39.99—over 95% off its usual price today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With over 500 Starlink broadband-beaming satellites already in orbit, SpaceX is looking to move ahead with rolling out its internet service. The Elon Musk-led company is now seeking beta users to test it out, ZDNet reports. The service's website now invites users to apply to become early adopters of the service. "Get updates on Starlink news and service availability in your area," it reads. Once signed up, users get an email: "Starlink is designed to deliver high-speed broadband internet to locations where access has been unreliable, expensive, or completely unavailable. Private beta testing is expected to begin later this summer, followed by public beta testing, starting with higher latitudes." SpaceX's latest batch of 58 Starlink satellites were launched into low-Earth orbit on June 13, bringing the total up to 540. That's enough for "minor" coverage, according to Musk. 800 satellites will upgrade that to "moderate" coverage. The company has Federal Communications Commission (FCC) permission to launch up to 30,000 satellites to build out its broadband constellation. The news comes after the FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said he had "serious doubts" about SpaceX delivering enough broadband service to rural areas in the US to meet requirements of a federal subsidy program to bring internet to remote areas. The problem with satellite broadband is that it often isn't as responsive, with a latency in the upper hundreds of milliseconds — wired broadband services at home usually have a latency in the single or double digits. But Starlink might be far more responsive than traditional satellite internet. Musk claimed during a conference earlier this year that "we're targeting latency below 20 milliseconds," as Ars Technica reported. READ MORE: SpaceX Starlink internet prepares for beta users [ZDNet] More on Starlink: DARPA Is About to Launch a Military Version of SpaceX’s Starlink Share This Article 
For years, Hany Farid has been warning Congress, the media, and anyone else who would listen that society is losing the battle against disinformation online. With the rise of sophisticated, hyper-realistic deepfakes and other forms of manipulated media and the approaching 2020 presidential election, his warnings seem more prescient than ever. Farid, a professor at the University of California, Berkeley's electrical engineering & computer science program, is among the foremost experts in digital forensics — the practice of developing technology that can identify doctored media. On Thursday, Farid's going to give a keynote address on digital forensics at the Spark + AI Summit. Futurism caught up with him in advance to learn what he sees as the greatest digital threats and how to combat them. Our conversation, lightly condensed and edited for clarity, is below. Futurism: Dr. Farid, I'm so glad we could find time to talk. For years, you've been one of the leading experts sounding the alarm over digital disinformation, and I'd love to hear what you've been up to lately. In this seemingly endless battle against deepfakes and other misleading media, what's caught your eye most recently? Hany Farid: Some on the right think there's this overarching bias against conservatives in tech. I don't think there's any evidence for that. But six months ago, when I testified, it was primarily about the elections, the 2020 election. That's still a concern, but it's not even number one or number two. It was COVID and Black Lives Matter. And then number three was even voter suppression. It's been a bizarre few months. At the turn of the year, I thought "this is going to be the year about preserving our elections." But this year got derailed. It's really been about COVID misinformation, which can be deadly. There are people who believe that you can kill the virus by blowing a hairdryer down your throat, by drinking silver, by drinking bleach. You can see a direct connection between the nonsense online and people's actions. It's not just scammers and trolls and Russian influencers. It's literally the President of the United States with this incredible megaphone. And then when Twitter puts a warning label on one tweet, he signs an executive order. So we've been focusing primarily on three things. COVID-19 and how it's spreading. We continue to be concerned about the election. But most recently, the Black Lives Matter protests: how technology is being weaponized against people of color, how it's being used to propagate this narrative that Black Lives Matter is violent, how it's being used to stifle the voices of people of color online. People talk about freedom of speech, but what happens when your freedom of speech infringes on 100 other voices? They don't want to consider that. The one thing I will say was almost universal was the dislike of Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook. Everyone agrees that he's a wanker. It's amazing how that changed! He was gonna run for president, remember? Oh yeah, his Iowa tour. We really avoided the worst possible timeline there. And now he's persona non grata. Now everyone agrees he's a greedy power-hungry creep. Anyway, I continue to think that deepfakes are a real threat. But the reality is around COVID, we're not dealing with deepfakes. We're dealing with people tweeting, the President tweeting. Good old-fashioned fake news; there's nothing sophisticated. Deepfakes are not a fundamentally new concept. They're part of an evolving landscape of misinformation. I think the way deepfakes are going to manifest themselves – the threat is not so much the day-to-day, low-level fake news, the conspiracies, lying, cheating, stealing. It's going to be the one video two days before an election that goes viral. Or it's going to be nonconsensual porn, which is one of the main ways women are victimized by deepfakes. The irony here, and I don't know if it's good news or bad news, is you don't really need deepfakes. You have this bazooka, but you can use a spitball to do the same thing. So why not just use the spitball? I think the stakes have never been higher for the country and the world. The Trump campaign, without being partisan about it, they play dirty. Their campaign manager named their re-election campaign the "Death Star." We know what the game is going to be like. So I want to circle back to some of the things you brought up, but before we do I'd like to focus on the technological side of things: more on deepfakes and other technologies like that, even if they're not the greatest concern right now. Almost exactly a year ago, you warned that the scientists and engineers working to detect deepfakes and similar disinformation were hopelessly "outgunned" by the people creating them. Is that still true? Yeah, absolutely. We're outgunned in a couple of different ways. First is the research community. The computer vision, the computer graphics, the machine learning communities are huge. And the forensics community is tiny. There are just fewer of us, that's all it is. And that's not to say all the people working in computer graphics or computer vision are my nemesis. They're just developing the technology that allows this to happen. Part two of being outgunned is the tech companies because tech companies control the flow of information. Even if I develop really, really good deepfake detection, I need Mark Zuckerberg to stop saying "Well, I don’t want to be the arbiter of truth." There's this disconnect between Facebook saying "we're going to spend all this money to detect deepfakes" on the research side. Then on the other side, on the policy side, they say "We don't want to be the arbiters of truth." So which is it? Why are you detecting these things if you're not interested in stopping it? I'm glad you brought that up because I wanted to ask you about this ongoing debate over whether scientists should be responsible for how their work is used. To use the classic example of a deepfake of President Trump announcing a nuclear strike: should the engineer building the algorithm that makes that possible refuse to publish their work over ethical considerations? Or do they need to focus on navigating the publish-or-perish system and leave it up to someone else to regulate how it's used? First of all, this is not limited in this field. Every scientific discipline, you always have to think about what you're doing. Physicists in particular have been thinking about this for a long time, given their history in developing atomic weapons. Computer science is a little bit of a younger field. And it tends to suffer from a techno-utopian worldview — this idea that technology can solve all our problems, which we're seeing lately is not the case. Last week, the week before, Microsoft, IBM, a couple companies said they will no longer license facial recognition software to law enforcement because of all the ongoing issues. Should people developing facial recognition think about bias issues, misuse issues? Absolutely! But for a long time they didn't give it the time of day. I think the days of the computer scientist going "Hey our hands are clean, you can’t blame us for how people are using our technology" are over. I'm not saying don't innovate, but you have to have the conversation. You have to think about the ethics of developing technology. These can't be afterthoughts. Part of the problem is technologists aren't well-trained to think about these issues. This is really where you see the problem of diversity in the tech sector. If it's a bunch of White dudes, there is no diversity of ideas. With so few women, so few Black people and people of color in tech, you're not getting that richness of debate that you might get with a diversity of views. For those who say diversity doesn’t matter, I would say part of the reason we have racial bias in our algorithms is because of this. When they train those datasets, there are no Black people in the room — the algorithm has never seen a Black person before. The answer is yes — we should take responsibility. Not as an afterthought, but as a forethought, you have to think "Hey this is not cool, we're not going to build it." Or "We're going to build safeguards." The way it works now is "Let's build a piece of technology, let's put it on GitHub, and let's see what happens." But when you put software online, some batshit crazy things happen. And when you tell engineers this — that they need to think about how their work is used, they disagree. I've had people scream in my face about it. But I think they'll be proven wrong. I promise I only have one more question on the bazooka instead of the spitball, then we can stop talking about years-old tech. When you gave that warning, it was right around the time that all these websites like "thispersondoesnotexist.com" that showcased hyper-realistic generative adversarial networks started to pop up. Does tech like this have you concerned? Or is it the same old problem with some new gloss? It's part of the continuum, but here's the real threat of thispersondoesnotexist: After it was launched, they went and fixed all the errors, removed all the artifacts. So now I can carpet-bomb the internet with fake profiles. So the scale at which you can operate is scary. My favorite example was this teen who created a fake Congressional candidate using a thispersondoesnotexist photo — and he got verified by Twitter and all these levels. But I was a victim of this thinking. I used to think, "Okay, you can create a version of a person who doesn’t exist. But it's not a face swap video, it's not a recording." So I thought "well, it's not the biggest problem." But it lends so much credibility to these fake accounts, because fake accounts used to not have pictures. We're absolutely seeing the creation of fake accounts on Twitter, on LinkedIn. And with added legitimacy, that's a real concern as it far as the good old-fashioned problem of fake news. Well, I suppose this is the million-dollar question, but at a high level, how do we fix it? Is it up to politicians? Tech companies? Engineers? Who should assume responsibility? It is the question, and the answer is "yes" to all the above. It's a complex problem. And it's also important for us in the public to stop being so gullible, so easy to manipulate, so fast to assume the worst in the people we disagree with. But it starts at the top. It needs reform. The idea that there's no liability for what's published — no other industry has this freedom. We need to hold companies liable, and then there will be more accountability because they don’t want to be sued. And then technologists need to think "should you really be making this?" "Should you make it so easy for anyone to download and use?" And number three is the public. You've got us, the knuckleheads in the trenches, liking and retweeting and sharing, amplifying misinformation again and again. We've got to stop being so goddamn stupid, frankly. Or maybe gullible is a better word. Well, it's interesting that you bring up reform after talking about Trump's executive order earlier. It sounds like a similar argument about Section 230, sort of like that ClickHole headline: "The Worst Person You Know Just Made A Great Point." I assume that there are many differences between what you're proposing and what Trump wants and different motivations behind them, but could you go into that more? It's really unfortunate that he waded in at the time he did. We were starting to get some real serious discussion. We've been talking about this for years with thoughtful people from across the spectrum. He stepped in and really politicized it. So now any conversation about 230 now is really reactionary, back to where it started. There are two parts of Section 230. One part, (c)(2), says that "if you take down content, we won't hold you liable for not taking down content that you miss." It's what lets a platform, for instance, remove a post from the President that incites violence and protects them from the government stepping in. That should remain. What we need to change is (c)(1), which covers the duty of care. It says "do what you want, we don't care." It abdicates platforms from being responsible for what users post. You can't just build a car, have it explode, and be like "Cars are really complicated. We build a lot of cars, we're not responsible." So what we are saying is there has to be a reasonable duty of care, and that will realign the tech industry with every other industry in the world. If you have products that you are willingly allowing to be used for harm, that needs to change. That's not what Trump's executive order was about. Trump's executive order was "I don’t like you calling me out for lying." And that's what we need to protect. I'd like to circle back to what you brought up toward the beginning about the new, higher-priority issues. One of the things that's most interesting to me about digital disinformation is how it feeds into and amplifies existing worldviews. Whether it's because of social media or news feed algorithms promoting bad info or deliberate disinformation campaigns, things like wearing masks during the pandemic or support for the Black Lives Matter protests have become contentious political issues within our culture war. Some are convinced that both of them are hoaxes. It feels almost reductive to ask such a simple question about this, but how did this happen? What do we do about it, and how do we, as a society, reckon with it? It turns out there's a really simple answer. The answer is the underlying business model of social media. They are, at the end of the day, in the attention-grabbing business, so they can extract your personal data and deliver ads. It turns out, and I don't think this should be too surprising, that the most outrageous, sensational, conspiratorial content is the most attractive. The problem is the algorithm. So what does Facebook want to do? They A/B test. If my newsfeed — I happen to be on the left side of the political spectrum — if it's a whole bunch about Trump, I'm out. I'm done. So they give me a whole bunch of things that align with my worldview. The fact is that if engagement is what you're optimizing for, the conspiratorial, the divisive, works. So how do we change that? If you think about the time Facebook and Twitter came out, 10-15 years ago, it was a time we weren't really comfortable with commerce online. I'm a technologist and even when Amazon wanted my credit card I said "I don't want to put that online." So Facebook needed to find a way to monetize in spite of that. But now, the landscape has shifted. We're more comfortable with online commerce. So I think that maybe there's a better business model out there. But then there's Facebook and Google, you have these two gorillas in the room sucking all the oxygen out of the debate. The irony here is that Google will say "government regulation is bad for business" but the reason Google is here is because the Department of Justice came in, slapped Microsoft for forcing Internet Explorer down everyone's throat, and left oxygen for Google. So you're giving this keynote speech about digital image forensics. Before I let you go, is there anything else you want to add — anything you're planning on addressing — that I might not have known to ask about? I wrote the keynote and even recorded it before the Black Lives Matter movement really started gaining steam and we understood the breadth and the depth of this. I have been really troubled by how this has impacted the Black Lives Matter movement. And there are real civil rights issues here. There are many, many concerns here about how technology is being weaponized against Black people. When trillion-dollar companies have their knee on the neck of Black people online, we need to hold them accountable. Reddit said "We stand with Black lives" but they're profiting off of the KKK, the racists, the gay-haters. You can't give a platform for this vitriol and say "Black lives matter." You can't have it both ways. And we saw this with #MeToo. To me, this feels even a little bit bigger, because of the timing with COVID. But you saw this back then too. A company will say "We stand with women," but when you look at the board, the C-suite, the record of sexual harassment within the company, it falls apart. Yeah, there are a lot of upsettingly hollow statements out there. But what about companies like Amazon, which said it would ban police from using facial recognition for a year? That's tangible, but then it turned out that the ban was more of a recommendation — it was less harsh. Is that any improvement? I'm pretty cynical having been in this space for a while. I don't think it was empty. They did something, right? Now, what happens in a year? It depends on what they're going to do in the interim. Are they going to refine the technology and address the issues? Or is it just "Get off our back, everyone's going to forget about this?" If that's the case, then that's empty. And then there's IBM that said it stopped providing facial recognition altogether — it wasn't a moratorium. I think these gestures have the potential to be empty, but we need to hold them accountable a year from now and see what they do. More on Dr. Farid: DARPA Spent $68 Million on Technology to Spot Deepfakes Share This Article 
NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope just caught the "bat shadow" of a newborn star moving — a sight the space agency evocatively compared to a pair of flapping bat wings. "The shadow moves. It’s flapping like the wings of a bird!" Klaus Pontoppidan, an astronomer at the Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) in Baltimore, and lead author of a paper about the discovery in the Astrophysical Journal, said in a statement. The star, called HBC 672 and located some 1,400 light years away in the Serpent nebula, is just one or two million years old — practically a baby in cosmic terms. It casts the shadow due to a warped and flared disk surrounding it. "You have a star that is surrounded by a disk, and the disk is not like Saturn’s rings — it’s not flat," explained Pontoppidan. "It’s puffed up. And so that means that if the light from the star goes straight up, it can continue straight up — it’s not blocked by anything." But if the ring does block it, the light "doesn't get out and it casts a shadow," he added. The disk surrounding the young star is likely made out of gas, dust and rock and has two peaks on opposite ends, like a horse saddle. Light cast through this ring ends up looking like a pair of flapping wings. The disk itself is too small and far away for Hubble to observe it directly, so the team had to resort to examining its massive shadow. The astronomers suspect a planet in the star's orbit could be warping and shifting the shape of the ring, and therefore the movement of its shadow. Such a planet would take an estimated 180 Earth-days to circle its parent star. The star may be extremely young, but its ring of rock and dust is enormous. The size of just the shadow alone would be hundreds of times the size our entire solar system, according to NASA. Light would take more than a month to travel that distance. By taking additional pictures using filters, the team was able to create a gorgeous, colored image of the star and its "bat shadow." READ MORE: Hubble Sees Cosmic Flapping ‘Bat Shadow’ [NASA] More on Hubble: Hubble Captures Heartbreaking Images of Dying Stars Share This Article 
Alarming allegations against Tesla claim that the electric automaker sold cars with batteries that it knew could spontaneously combust, back in 2012. That was the year that the company was in a frantic rush to meet production goals for the Model S, its first all-electric sedan. As Tesla sprinted to get the Model S out the door, trouble emerged on the production line, Business Insider reports: Its battery-cooling system occasionally cracked and leaked, a problem that could make batteries short or even explode. Tesla knew about the problems, according to internal documents and sources familiar with the matter who spoke to BI. And yet it sold the cars anyway. Tesla manufactured several Model S components out of an aluminum that was particularly susceptible to cracking, according to the investigation. When it cracked and coolant spilled onto a battery pack, it would eat away at the batteries, rendering them useless or potentially triggering a dangerous explosion. The kinds of battery coolant used by electric automakers leaves behind a flammable residue as it evaporates, making it a serious fire hazard. "When we disassembled the Tesla Model X, a technician accidentally spilled coolant in the battery pack, and it sat there for a long time," Jason Schug, former automotive engineer and current vice president of the automotive consulting firm Ricardo Strategic Consulting, told BI. "There was no immediate danger, but when we removed the battery modules, quite a while later we found a lot of corrosion on the battery cells, and it was bad enough that some of the cells were leaking electrolyte," he continued. "If this were to happen in the field and go unnoticed, it could result in bricking the battery." Internal documents reviewed by BI show that Tesla knew about the cracking parts and that employees were sharing concerns about them even while Model S vehicles were being delivered to customers. Tesla appears to have attempted to cover the flaw, currently under investigation by the National Highway Transportation Agency, by patching the cars' software to limit how far they could travel on a single charge after multiple reports of spontaneous combustion. To be fair, the breakneck speed at which Tesla rolled out the Model S — the automaker's future depended on its success — made technical flaws inevitable. "Every part of the vehicle [Tesla designed] was breakthrough innovation, so it was almost guaranteed there would be serious production problems," University of Michigan industrial and operations engineer Jeffrey Liker told BI. But BI reports that the flaws could have been avoided. The company commissioned third-party testers to check its cooling system — but according to employee testimony, Tesla ignored the results when they revealed troubling weaknesses. "When you're launching a new component, there's always going to be difficulties and issues on line during first launch and especially when you're Tesla and you're asking your vendors to launch with a limited R&D," a former employee who left Tesla in 2014 told BI. "We did have problems with it leaking." READ MORE: Tesla knew its Model S battery had a design flaw that could lead to leaks and, ultimately, fires starting in 2012. It sold the car anyway. [Business Insider] More on Tesla: Tesla Batteries Are Catching Fire Hours After Car Crashes Share This Article 
NASA announced today that it's renaming its Washington, DC headquarters after Mary W. Jackson, the first Black engineer in the space program. "Today, we proudly announce the Mary W. Jackson NASA Headquarters building," said NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine in a statement. "It appropriately sits on 'Hidden Figures Way,' a reminder that Mary is one of many incredible and talented professionals in NASA’s history who contributed to this agency’s success. "Hidden no more," Bridenstine continued, "we will continue to recognize the contributions of women, African Americans, and people of all backgrounds who have helped construct NASA’s successful history to explore." Jackson was hired by NASA's predecessor, the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, in 1951. According to NASA, at the time Jackson was likely the only Black woman alive working as an aeronautical engineer. She went on to work on the Apollo program, which successfully launched a series of American astronauts to the Moon during the 1960s and 1970s. At the same time, NASA has often struggled with racial justice. There wasn't a single Black astronaut in the Apollo Moon missions that Jackson worked on — and, as NASA acknowledged in its press release about the renaming of its headquarters, her career started in a segregated area of Langley Research Center. Jackson's work — alongside other pioneering Black aerospace scientists including Dorothy Vaughan — gained widespread attention after the publication of the 2016 Margot Lee Shetterly book "Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race." Shetterly's book was later adapted into the acclaimed 2017 film "Hidden Figures," in which Jackson was played by musician and actress Janelle Monáe. "We are honored that NASA continues to celebrate the legacy of our mother and grandmother Mary W. Jackson," said Carolyn Lewis, Jackson’s daughter, in the NASA statement. "She was a scientist, humanitarian, wife, mother, and trailblazer who paved the way for thousands of others to succeed, not only at NASA, but throughout this nation." Share This Article 
For thousands of years, humans have been coming up with new and inventive ways to conceal the effects of aging. And the reason is simple: nobody likes getting old. Fortunately, scientists today know more about the root causes of aging than ever before. And now innovative companies like Neurohacker Collective are creating incredibly advanced anti-aging supplements like Qualia Life that puts this scientific knowledge to good use. Rather than “concealing” the effects of aging, Qualia Life is designed to slow the aging process at the cellular level, and postpone the negative effects of time on the human body. Use coupon code PROD15 for 15% off any product/order, including subscriptions. Aging is fundamentally about energy. When you’re younger, you have more of it. That's why you recover more quickly from a night out, from exercise, from jet lag, or from an injury. Not to mention the fact that your skin and hair and joints are all able to replenish themselves with ease. But when you get older, you have less energy, and all that starts to change. You start to feel more mentally and physically exhausted, and you do not recover as quickly. Physically speaking, your face and body starts to look more weathered. Why does this happen? To put things as simply as possible, the root cause of all aging is a loss of energy on the cellular level, and there are basically two major theories for why this occurs. One says cellular energy decline is the result of accumulated cellular and mitochondrial damage. In other words, it’s the result of wear and tear on a cellular level. The other theory speculates that it is the result of genetic programming, with some genes getting overexpressed while others get underexpressed as we age. These two theories of cellular energy decline aren’t in competition with one another. They just look at the problem from two different vantage points. The reality is these “causes” are interrelated. Gene overexpression and underexpression can cause cellular damage. Cellular damage can impair gene expressions. The good news is that the scientists and researchers at Neurohacker Collective have spent untold hours researching how to intervene in this process. And the result is a revolutionary anti-aging supplement called Qualia Life. Qualia Life is not the only anti-aging product that aims to reduce the effects of cellular energy decline. However, the other products out there tend to take one-dimensional approaches to cellular aging. Some, for example, focus solely on boosting NAD+, an essential molecule that helps produce energy and regulate gene expression. Other products focus solely on boosting ATP, which is a cell’s primary form of energy produced with the help of NAD+. These products may be better than nothing, but they don’t offer the best solution to cellular aging. Neurohacker Collective believes in a whole systems approach to health. That’s why Qualia Life is the first anti-aging formula designed to address all aspects of cellular energy decline simultaneously. It doesn’t just upregulate the production of NAD+ and ATP. It contains 36 different ingredients that act synergistically to strengthen and support the entire network of molecules, pathways, and processes involved in cellular health. Want to learn even more about the science and ingredients of Qualia Life? Click here. Of course, Qualia Life is not some magic pill that will stop the aging process altogether. However, it addresses the fundamental root causes of cellular energy loss, which leads to a noticeable boost in overall energy, enhanced productivity, increased focus, improved athletic performance, and more restorative and restful sleep. Qualia Life is available in both capsules and a berry-flavored drink mix that is intended to be blended with a base such as almond milk or dairy. Capsules come in bottles of 160, and drink mix packets come in boxes of 20. When you subscribe to monthly shipments, you get 50-percent off your first shipment of a cancel-anytime subscription. If you’re tired of trying to cover up the signs of aging and are ready to address the problem on a cellular level, Qualia Life is at the cutting edge of anti-aging nutrition and could be just what you need to feel younger than you have in years. With a 100-day money-back guarantee, you have nothing to lose. So why wait? Click here to try Qualia Life for yourself, today. And don't forget to use coupon code PROD15 for 15-percent off. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.  Share This Article 
The European Union may not reopen its borders to the United States due to the latter country's apparent inability to control the spread of the coronavirus, The New York Times reports. That would mean the US would be joining Russia and Brazil on the list of countries from which residents won't be allowed to travel to Europe this summer. At the time of writing, the US has reported more than 2.3 million COVID cases and experienced more than 120,000 deaths as a result — more than twice as many cases and deaths as the next top spot, Brazil, a country with two thirds of its population. After a deadly battle with the coronavirus, many European countries have effectively "flattened the curve" and are experiencing substantially lower numbers of new infections and deaths. The EU has already blocked US visitors apart from "essential travel" since mid-March, but that's subject to change as of July 1, when the bloc is planning to reopen its borders. Now, though, it's unclear whether the US will be among the countries from which the EU will start to allow visitors at that time. The news comes after president Donald Trump closed US borders to European travelers in March. Back then, the situation was essentially the inverse, with the US only starting to get hit while European countries, especially Italy, were seeing exponentially rising numbers in new infections. Earlier today, Anthony Fauci, the US' top epidemiologist, warned of a "disturbing surge" in new infections. Health experts in Florida, Arizona, Texas, and Oklahoma have been raising fears over hospitals filling up soon. The continued ban of US travelers could hit Europe's tourism industry hard and could have devastating effects on business relations, according to the Times. The EU has yet to finalize its list of countries. A recommendation list is expected early next week. According to officials, the list will be revised every two weeks. Share This Article 
A team of astronomers from Harvard and other institutions are collaborating on a new project to scan the skies for technological signatures from alien civilizations. It's a noteworthy new project, as it's the first to receive a NASA grant for SETI-specific research in more than 30 years, according to a statement. "Technosignatures relate to signatures of advanced alien technologies similar to, or perhaps more sophisticated than, what we possess," said Avi Loeb, the chair of the Harvard astronomy department Harvard, in a statement. "Such signatures might include industrial pollution of atmospheres, city lights, photovoltaic cells (solar panels), megastructures, or swarms of satellites." Loeb's collaborators say that the discovery of myriad exoplanets in recent years has the potential to shake up SETI research. "The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence has always faced the challenge of figuring out where to look," said Adam Frank, professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Rochester, and the primary recipient of the grant, in the statement. "Which stars do you point your telescope at and look for signals?" "Now we know where to look," he added. "We have thousands of exoplanets including planets in the habitable zone where life can form. The game has changed." An initial study will scan the skies for signs of extraterrestrial solar panels and pollutants, according to the team — two possible indicators of the presence of technological activity beyond Earth. "The nearest star to Earth, Proxima Centauri, hosts a habitable planet, Proxima b," explained Loeb. "The planet is thought to be tidally locked with permanent day and night sides. If a civilization wants to illuminate or warm up the night side, they would place photovoltaic cells on the day side and transfer the electric power gained to the night side." By looking for specific wavelengths, the astronomers are hoping they could get a chance of spotting sunlight reflecting off those hypothetical solar panels. Polluting gases in the atmospheres of other planets could also indicate the presence of intelligent life. To Loeb, a different civilization would show "detectable signs of artificially produced molecules," like refrigerant gases we've released into Earth's atmosphere. "The fundamental question we are trying to address is: are we alone?" Loeb pondered. "But I would add to that: even if we are alone right now, were we alone in the past?" READ MORE: Scientists collaborate on new study to search the universe for signs of technological civilizations [Harvard University] More on SETI: Experts: China Is Pulling Ahead in Race to Identify Extraterrestrials Share This Article 
If a star is gigantic enough, it can collapse in on itself to form a black hole. Stars that are still huge, but not big enough to become black holes, tend to explode in supernovae, eventually transforming into what is known as a neutron star. What has long puzzled scientists is that the smallest black holes tend to be at least five times the mass of the Sun, while neutron stars are at most 2.5 times the mass of the Sun. Inside those boundaries lies what has become known as the "mass gap" — a mysterious range between the mass of black holes and neutron stars. Now, though, a new discovery by a team of European astronomers seems to fit into that gap, suggesting a new class of objects that were thought to be impossible. Using the National Science Foundation's Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) in Louisiana and the Virgo detector in Italy, a team of experts discovered an unusual celestial object that's about 2.6 times the mass of the Sun. "The reason these findings are so exciting is because we’ve never detected an object with a mass that is firmly inside the theoretical mass gap between neutron stars and black holes before," Laura Nuttall, a gravitational wave expert from the University of Portsmouth's Institute of Cosmology and Gravitation, and co-author of the paper published in The Astrophysical Journal today, said in a statement. "Is it the lightest black hole or the heaviest neutron star we’ve ever seen?” The object — dubbed a "black neutron star" by the BBC — was first detected in August, when it merged with a massive black hole of 23 solar masses, transforming into a final black hole of 25 solar masses some 800 million light-years from Earth. The two objects were extremely different in mass, making it an highly unusual merger. "It's a challenge for current theoretical models to form merging pairs of compact objects with such a large mass ratio in which the low-mass partner resides in the mass gap," Vicky Kalogera, professor at Northwestern University in the United States, and co-author, said in the statement. The mass ratio was so off, Kalogera likened it to "Pac-Man eating a little dot" and "in one bite." "This discovery implies these events occur much more often than we predicted, making this a really intriguing low-mass object," she added. But we still can't say for certain that we know what it actually is. "The mystery object may be a neutron star merging with a black hole, an exciting possibility expected theoretically but not yet confirmed observationally," Kalogera said. "However, at 2.6 times the mass of our sun, it exceeds modern predictions for the maximum mass of neutron stars, and may instead be the lightest black hole ever detected." READ MORE: 'Black neutron star' discovery baffles astronomers [BBC] More on neutron stars: Astronomers Watch Neutron Star “Charge Up" Before Huge X-Ray Blast Share This Article 
Who doesn’t love a great video game? Whether you’re relaxing with a humble round of Tetris after a long day at work or engaging in an epic Call of Duty battle with your friends online, a great game inevitably makes life much more enjoyable—allowing us to escape from the monotony of everyday life and into a world that’s filled with endless possibilities. But even the most avid gamers don’t seem to understand that instead of simply playing games, you can actually create your very own pro-level games from scratch, thanks to a series of increasingly powerful and popular development platforms that make it easy to build everything from simple 2D games to multifaceted 3D environments with nothing more than a laptop. Long thought to be only the purview of experienced programmers with years of coding experience on their resumes, game design and development is now an exciting and increasingly lucrative world that anyone can conquer, as long as you have access to the right instruction. With eight courses and over 400 lessons taught by gaming and development experts focused on multiple genres, the Absolute Beginner's Guide to Learning Unreal Engine for Game Design & Animation bundle will teach you how to work with one of the world’s most popular game development platforms in order to create engaging games from scratch, and the entire training package is on sale for just $39.99. With 55 hours of training, this all-in-one bundle is equally well-suited for first-time developers looking to start off on the right foot and more seasoned programmers who are interested in adding the widely-used and versatile Unreal platform to their development toolkit. If you’ve never written a line of code or worked with any type of game development tools before, start with the introductory module, which will get you up to speed with Unreal’s base-level command structures, graphic assets, simple animation methods, video rendering, and more. With the absolute basics under your belt, you’ll be ready to move on to more advanced topics that will teach you how to do everything from creating 2D characters and scenery to building complex 3D characters that can follow a virtually limitless number of user commands and inputs. There’s the Introduction to 3D Character Animation course that walks you through the various ways in which you can craft 28 motion-capture animations using Unreal’s intuitive tools and commands; the Facial Animation course that will teach you how to create incredibly vivid and expressive facial animations using the latest key-frame animation techniques; the Cloth Animation course that introduces you to the art of creating intricate and subtle textures that will bring any gaming environment to life, and much more. Unlike other web training resources, this one actually uses real-world examples and hands-on instruction modules that make it easier and more enjoyable to learn the content. For instance, one of the more popular courses in the bundle is dedicated to teaching you the nuanced elements of game design by showing you how to create a Fortnite clone from scratch—through over 90 lectures that demystify every aspect of the build process. This training also puts a heavy focus on the graphic elements of level design, and you’ll finish your instruction having mastered the art of building detailed landscape elements ranging from grass and flowers to mountains and snow textures. Turn your love of gaming into a full-fledged career by learning how to build pro-level games of your very own. Regardless of your previous experience with coding or development, the Absolute Beginner's Guide to Learning Unreal Engine for Game Design & Animation bundle will teach you everything you need to know in order to get started, and it’s currently available for just $39.99—over 95% off its usual price for a limited time. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It was meant to revolutionize the transportation industry. But after more than a decade of derision and ridicule, Segway's stand-up, two-wheeled scooter is no longer. The Segway — in 2020, synonymous with the mall cop and those annoying city tours — is finally ending production, Fast Company reports. When it was first announced in 2001 — the year of the iPod, the Xbox, and Steven Spielberg's "A.I. Artificial Intelligence" — the Segway, which you could control just by leaning, seemed futuristic. Now, its demise seems like it's been a long time coming. Only 140,000 Segways had been sold over 19 long years — not exactly a booming business. Speaking of booming business, e-scooters and e-bikes have taken the lion's share of the industry since then. Remember "hoverboards?" Even those sold like hotcakes. But the company's eponymous ugly duckling didn't survive. The PT, the company's latest iteration, is big and heavy. Its design has barely changed, as Fast Company points out. Heck, you've probably never even heard of it. Making matters worse, it was tricky to even drive (ride?) the damn thing — something Segway itself was painfully aware of. "Kick scooters are taking off, and retroactively," Tony Ho, VP of global business development at Segway, told Fast Company. "There’s a reason the kick scooter is the dominant form factor now, precisely because it’s simple and easy to learn. There’s no learning curve." That lack of intuitive interface could even be dangerous. In 2010, the company's then-owner died after accidentally driving one of the company's scooters off a cliff. Despite its shortcomings, the "Segway" will forever be enshrined in the history books of technological also-rans of the 21st century. Whether it was part of what drove innovation in transportation forward is a different matter. Perhaps the Segway rolled so that the e-scooter could zoom. The Segway is survived by the company's Ninebot, a two-wheeled self-balancing scooter, and the Electric Drifts, a bizarre and death-defying take on motorized roller skates. It will be sorely missed. READ MORE: Exclusive: Segway, the most hyped invention since the Macintosh, ends production More on motorized transportation: Watch a Hoverbike-Riding Cop in Dubai Wipe Out Catastrophically Share This Article 
With only one percent the atmospheric density of Earth and a third of the gravity, navigating the skies of Mars will pose a massive challenge. Next year, NASA will need to tackle both problems as it attempts to take a giant leap from scanning the Red Planet's geographical features using surface-bound rovers to launching a small helicopter, dubbed Ingenuity, to get an unprecedented aerial view of the planet's surface. On July 20, the softball-sized helicopter, outfitted with two sets of four-foot blades, will be embarking on its lengthy journey with the agency's fifth Martian rover, Perseverance. And when it gets there, to call flying a drone on Mars a challenge would be a vast understatement. "This is very analogous to the Wright brothers moment, but on another planet," MiMi Aung, the project manager of the Mars helicopter at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, told The New York Times. Only thanks to the miniaturization of electronics, better battery tech, and new materials was NASA able to build and successfully test Ingenuity. They even had to test it in an experimental chamber with low pressure to simulate Mars' thin atmosphere. Early prototypes were extremely hard to control. The blades were able to bounce up and down erratically thanks to the lack of air pressure. Later tests were far more successful due to new and stiffer materials being used for the blades. "It’s quite astounding when you lift one of these blades, if you hold it in your hand, you think you’re going to lift something substantial, and it’s as light as air and, at the same time, extremely stiff," Havard Grip, research technologist at JPL, told the Times. In February 2021, if the launch and journey to Mars go according to plan, NASA is planning to drop the helicopter on flat ground. Scientists will attempt to fly Ingenuity up to five times over 30 days. The most ambitious flight plan will involve a 500 foot round trip in  just 90 seconds. READ MORE: Mars Is About to Have Its ‘Wright Brothers Moment’ [The New York Times] More on flying on Mars: Researchers Want to Explore Mars Using “Nanocardboard” Aircraft Share This Article 
According to new research, the frozen dwarf planet Pluto may have started its life as a hot world with a massive underground ocean of liquid water — suggesting, tantalizingly, that it could have harbored life. Until now, Pluto was widely believed to be a giant boulder of ice, shielded from the Sun's radiation thanks to the sheer distance from its star. But new evidence, scientists say, suggests that it once had a liquid ocean — and that it may still be there, under its frozen surface. "Even in this cold environment so far from the Sun, all these worlds might have formed fast and hot, with liquid oceans," Carver Bierson, UC Santa Cruz graduate student and first author of a new paper about the work published Monday in the journal Nature Geoscience, said in a statement. The researchers suggest that the process of Pluto accreting matter may have generated sufficient heat to allow a subsurface ocean to form. "For a long time people have thought about the thermal evolution of Pluto and the ability of an ocean to survive to the present day," co-author Francis Nimmo, professor of Earth and planetary sciences at UC Santa Cruz, said in the statement. "Now that we have images of Pluto's surface from NASA's New Horizons mission, we can compare what we see with the predictions of different thermal evolution models." The hot and cold start scenarios of Pluto's evolution would result in the planet's surface looking quite different at present day, the scientists argued. "If it started cold and the ice melted internally, Pluto would have contracted and we should see compression features on its surface, whereas if it started hot it should have expanded as the ocean froze and we should see extension features on the surface," Bierson said in the statement. "We see lots of evidence of expansion, but we don't see any evidence of compression, so the observations are more consistent with Pluto starting with a liquid ocean," Bierson added. Whether Pluto has stayed warm enough to allow this ocean to remain liquid is another question. Bierson calculated that gravitational energy released by new material hitting the planet's surface in its early days would be enough. But that energy would end up radiating away over time. "How Pluto was put together in the first place matters a lot for its thermal evolution," Nimmo said. "If it builds up too slowly, the hot material at the surface radiates energy into space, but if it builds up fast enough the heat gets trapped inside." If it took less than 30,000 years, according to his calculations, Pluto would have had a "hot start." But if it took millions of years, sadly, that hot start would be almost impossible. Share This Article 
Hot Jupiters are exoplanets that are roughly the size of Jupiter, but orbit their respective star at a short distance — in extreme cases taking only 18 Earth hours to complete a full orbit. This means they tend to be extremely hot — hence their name. Plenty of questions remain as to how they're formed, or how they move over time. Do they approach or escape from their parent star during their life cycle? A new study published in the Astronomical Journal today outlines a new discovery of an extremely young hot Jupiter class exoplanet called HIP 67522 b, some 490 light-years from Earth. Its well-studied parent star is just 17 million years old, making the newly discovered planet several million years younger. That makes it the youngest one of its kind ever found and could shed some light on the unique characteristics of hot Jupiters. The discovery was made using NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS), which can measure the dip in brightness emanating from the star as the planet passes between us and its star. HIP 67522 b is roughly ten times the diameter of Earth, suggesting that it's a gas-dominated planet — just like Jupiter. Astronomers suggest there could be three different reasons for why hot Jupiters ended up so close to their star. Either they formed right there and then — an exceedingly unlikely hypothesis — or they slowly approached their star over time. Their inward migration could have either started this migration when still shielded by the disk of gas and dust that surrounds a recently birthed star system. Or — the third hypothesis — they were forced there when the gravity of other planets could have driven them closer later in the lifetime of the star system. This last hypothesis however is looking less likely (albeit, hasn't yet been fully ruled out) with HIP 67522 b's discovery, since it's so young. "Scientists would like to know if there is a dominant mechanism that forms most hot Jupiters," Yasuhiro Hasegawa, astrophysicist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory who was not involved in the research said in a statement. "In the community right now there is no clear consensus about which formation hypothesis is most important for reproducing the population we have observed." "The discovery of this young hot Jupiter is exciting, but it's only a hint at the answer," he added. "To solve the mystery, we will need more." READ MORE: Young Giant Planet Offers Clues to Formation of Exotic Worlds More on hot Jupiters: Doomed Exoplanet Sets Record for Shortest Orbit Around a Star Share This Article 
For centuries, sailors used the night sky to navigate the seas. But once humanity transitions to traveling and living in space, the equation changes. It's why scientists on board the International Space Station are looking for a GPS alternative for deep space travel. Rather than relying on satellite constellations, scientists are proposing we use neutron stars — or the dead remains of stars that exploded in a supernova — as "cosmic lighthouses," according to a new NASA statement. More specifically, the scientists are eying pulsars, rapidly spinning neutron stars, that emit x-rays in tight spinning beams, just like a lighthouse. A washing machine-sized x-ray telescope called NICER (Neutron star Interior Composition Explorer) attached to the outside of the space station is already creating a GPS-like map of neutron stars. The idea of using this map as a way to navigate has been referred to as "XNAV" in the past and could allow autonomous spacecraft to travel through space while knowing exactly where they're going. "GPS uses precisely synchronized signals. Pulsations from some neutron stars are very stable, some even as stable as terrestrial atomic clocks in the long term, which makes them potentially useful in a similar way," Luke Winternitz, a researcher at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, said in the statement. Other approaches such as NASA's Deep Space Atomic Clock (DSAC) could also one day act as a GPS for deep space by measuring how long it takes for information to bounce from node to node, down to the nanosecond. The neutron star approach, however, uses faraway celestial objects as a way to self-locate — not atomic clocks. The concept has already proven promising. In 2018, scientists already demonstrated that such a pulsar-based navigation system is functional from on board the space station. The experiment called SEXTANT (Station Explorer for X-ray Timing and Navigation Technology) could pinpoint the location of an object moving at thousands of miles per hour through space. "It effectively turns the 'G' in GPS from Global to Galactic," Jason Mitchell, director of the Advanced Communications and Navigation Technology Division for NASA, said in the statement. "It could work anywhere in the solar system and even carry robotic or crewed systems beyond the solar system." But as of right now, the tech driving such a conceptual galactic GPS is still pretty bulky. Mitchell claims future XNAV devices could be shrunk down. "For example, it would be interesting to fit an XNAV telescope into a small satellite that could independently navigate the asteroid belt and characterize primitive solar system bodies." As for right now? NASA scientists are figuring out if such a navigation system could help NASA's planned Lunar Gateway station for launching future trips to Mars. READ MORE: Future space travelers may follow cosmic lighthouses [NASA] More on XNAV: NASA Officially Activates Its “GPS for Deep Space” Share This Article 
Your IP address reveals more about you than you realize. One study conducted by the Canadian government found that just by identifying an IP address, a researcher can determine your physical location, some of your web history, your email address, and. depending on how your computer and network are configured, even your city and state. A virtual private network, or VPN, hides your IP address, and one of the top-rated VPNs, Hola VPN Plus, has a lifetime subscription available for just $35 today. VPNs connect you to websites through a company's private servers and connection, instead of directly through your internet service provider (ISP). That way, the IP address is your VPN, not your computer's. You can also access servers anywhere in the world, so if you're traveling and find your favorite streaming service or podcast app is blocked, you can simply log into the VPN from the right location, and get back to your show. Hola VPN Plus, available at a 95% discount, is one of the most popular services around with 210+ million users. The lifetime subscription allows up to five devices per account at any given time, with unlimited bandwidth, so everyone in the family can protect their privacy. Split-tunneling technology allows you to decide what traffic goes through those servers and what doesn't, so if you need to tap into your music server or print a document, you won't have to choose between privacy and speed. And with support for all popular operating systems, browsers, mobile platforms, and even smart TVs, you can watch what you want without worrying about what you're revealing. Hola VPN currently sports an impressive 4.4 out of 5 stars from over 1 million votes on the Google Play Store and a 4.9 out of 5-star rating from more than 300,000 user ratings on the Chrome Web Store. Needless to say, this app is the real deal. Protecting your privacy online has a lot of challenges, so take at least one of those off the list with the right VPN. Grab a lifetime subscription to Hola VPN Plus for only $34.99 today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everybody loves dinosaurs. Massive and mysterious, they inspire more childlike wonder than any other creature in the history of our planet. Now, thanks to the dinosaur fossils for sale at Mini Museum, you can build your own private collection of rare dinosaur bones without spending an insane amount of money. Since its launch in 2014, Mini Museum has been making miniature collections of rare and unique objects from the earth and beyond that span billions of years of natural and human history. These collections have included things like extraterrestrial amino acids, tile fragments from Roman baths, water from the Amazon River, moon rocks, Egyptian mummy beads, Apollo 11 specimens, pieces of the White House, and of course dinosaur bones, among many other things. More recently, however, Mini Museum started offering individual specimens in an effort to cater to collectors with more specific interests. And as you would expect, their paleontology collection is especially popular. So, if you or someone you love is into prehistoric animals, you have to take a look at some of the incredible dinosaur fossils for sale at Mini Museum. OK, our first entry isn't a dinosaur. But it is prehistoric, and it is awesome. The legendary woolly mammoth evolved in Siberia from the steppe mammoth about 400,000 years ago. Until it disappeared between 5,000 and 10,000 years ago, it was a dietary staple for humans across Asia, Europe, and North America. And now you can own your very own piece of woolly mammoth meat—though you definitely don’t want to eat it. The Mini Museum Mammoth Meat specimen is a fragment of woolly mammoth muscle tissue. It comes from a well-preserved woolly mammoth leg discovered near the Indigkra River in Siberia, Russia, that has been radiocarbon dated to 19,551 years old. Specimens vary in size, shape, color, and texture – but each one comes in an acrylic jar housed inside a glass-topped riker display box. And they all come with a small information card and certificate of authenticity. Amazingly, these mammoth meat specimens have not been encased in resin, which means you can actually open the acrylic jar and feel its leathery texture if you so desire. That said, Mini Museum recommends you leave the jar shut at all times to preserve the integrity of the specimen, and because “it can be fragrant when exposed.” What else would you expect from a piece of 20,000-year-old meat? With its beak-like mouth, distinctive horns, and bony shield on the top of its head, the Triceratops is without a doubt one of the most recognizable of all the dinosaurs. While you might assume the Triceratops lived during the Jurassic Period, seeing as how it was featured so prominently in Jurassic Park, that is not the case. Like a lot of other dinosaurs in Jurassic Park, including the Tyrannosaurus Rex, the Triceratops actually lived during the late Cretaceous Period. Thanks a lot, Spielberg! The Mini Museum Triceratops Bone specimen is a fragment of a Triceratops bone recovered from South Dakota’s Hell Creek Formation. The sizes and shapes of these specimens vary, but most are roughly two to three centimeters in length. All are housed in a glass-topped riker display case and come with an information card and certificate of authenticity. Last but not least we have a specimen from a dinosaur that needs no introduction. Though we now know the Tyrannosaurus Rex probably had feathers, this 40-foot 14-ton theropod dinosaur is still one of the most fearsome and badass predators ever to walk the earth. And now you can own a piece of T-Rex bone. The Mini Museum Tyrannosaurus Rex Bone specimen is a fragment of a bone recovered from South Dakota’s Hell Creek Formation. Sizes and shapes vary widely with this specimen, but most are two to three centimeters in length. All are housed in a glass-topped riker display case and come with an information card and certificate of authenticity. So, if you’re looking for an unbelievably cool once-in-a-lifetime gift, even if it’s just for yourself, this is definitely it. Don’t wait around until they are all sold out. Take a look at the dinosaur fossils for sale at Mini Museum. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Virtual reality, as a concept, has been around for decades. And for as long as it’s been in the public consciousness, the concept of VR sex and virtual reality porn has been very close behind. It’s natural, after all, for the mind to wander towards the sexual extrapolation of any new technology. But now this VR sex is no longer just a hypothetical. It's becoming science fact thanks to the innovative, immersive experience of Titan VR by KIIROO. Titan by KIIROO is the first-ever interactive vibrating stroker that will bring the all-important fourth dimension to your virtual porn experience. It’s outfitted with touch-sensitive vibration technology across nine bullet vibrators in the “real-feel” sleeve, all engineered to intensify your climax. With Neuromancer tech like this in your home, your real concern will be finding adequate reasons to go outside. But what sets KIIROO’s Titan apart is its connectivity with other online devices. By connecting to another person’s device, you can feel everything they do through vibrations in your own device, while giving them total control over speed and intensity. And if you don't have a VR sex partner on deck, you can still enjoy this cutting-edge tech in conjunction with more than 4,000 VR videos and counting, with customized vibration patterns synced up to the action. Of course, not going outside is en vogue in a big way these days, which may account for why more people than ever are interested in Titan by KIIROO. Increased demand has led KIIROO to offer the full Titan VR Experience for the price of a standard Titan VR kit. That means in addition to the Titan by KIIROO stroker you get a VR helmet (compatible with most iPhone, Android and Windows phones), KIIROO Aqua Premium Water-Based Intimate Lubricant, and KIIROO® Pure Premium Toy Cleaner. That's at least a $200 value, all for $149. If you’re ready to enter (so to speak) the world of VR sex, there's no better choice than KIIROO’s Titan VR Experience, especially at the limited-time price point of $149. And the KIIROO online store offers free shipping for all orders over $100. All shipments are guaranteed to be discreet, if for no other reason than to keep your neighbors from wanting to come over and try it out for themselves. And if for some unfathomable reason you decide to return it before it’s open, you can get a full refund. So, head over to the official KIIROO site and let your journey into cutting edge VR sex begin. With the full Titan VR Experience available for less than $150, there's been no better time to indulge your curiosity and give yourself the second-best imaginable reason to stay home and do some creative social distancing. Hopefully, the future of the human race will survive this innovation in sexual pleasure. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A telescope called eROSITA on board the Spektr-RG space observatory has captured breathtaking X-ray observations of the entire sky, Science Alert reports. The X-ray instrument was built by the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics in Germany (MPE), and was launched along with the Russian-German space observatory Spektr-RG in July 2019. The instrument's observations, 165 gigabytes collected over 182 days, have been compiled into a stunning map of the sky that contains more than one million shining X-ray objects. “This all-sky image completely changes the way we look at the energetic universe," Peter Predehl, the Principal Investigator of eROSITA at MPE, said in a statement. "We see such a wealth of detail — the beauty of the images is really stunning." Most of the bright X-ray objects, around 77 percent, are active galactic nuclei, or supermassive black holes that are actively absorbing material at the center of galaxies. In between, there are clusters of galaxies that give off shining halos due to trapped gas caused by huge concentrations of dark matter. "We were all eagerly awaiting the first all-sky map from eROSITA," Mara Salvato, the scientist at MPE who was involved in the research, said in the statement. "Large sky areas have already been covered at many other wavelengths, and now we have the X-ray data to match," she added. "We need these other surveys to identify the X-ray sources and understand their nature." The team is already working hard on subsequent maps as well. "Overall, during the next 3.5 years, we plan to get 7 maps similar to the one seen in this beautiful image," Rashid Sunyaev, lead scientist of the Russian SRG team said in the statement. "Their combined sensitivity will be a factor of 5 better and will be used by astrophysicists and cosmologists for decades." "With a million sources in just six months, eROSITA has already revolutionized X-ray astronomy, but this is just a taste of what’s to come," Kirpal Nandra, head of the high-energy astrophysics group at MPE, said. "This combination of sky area and depth is transformational." "Over the next few years, we’ll be able to probe even further, out to where the first giant cosmic structures and supermassive black holes were forming," Nandra added. READ MORE: This Is What The Entire Sky Looks Like Through X-Ray Eyes [Science Alert] More on X-ray observatories: Astronomers Detect Biggest Explosion Since the Big Bang Share This Article 
A new study sheds reveals the spectacular final stages of stars nearing the end of their lives. Using fresh observations of two distant nebulas collected in multi-wavelength form by NASA's Hubble space telescope, a team of astronomers made several new discoveries about what stars go through as they die. "These new multi-wavelength Hubble observations provide the most comprehensive view to date of both of these spectacular nebulas," Joel Kastner of Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York, lead author of the new paper published in the journal Galaxies earlier this week, said in a statement. "As I was downloading the resulting images, I felt like a kid in a candy store," he added. Kastner's team found that the nebulas split apart over a surprisingly short period of time. They also suspect that each nebula core once contained two stars in a close dance with each other, a process that creates vast dust clouds as seen in the Hubble's images. As they spin around each other, one star loses mass which is absorbed by the other. Over time, researchers suggest that this could lead to the lower-mass star being eaten up by its energetic twin, a process which could eventually lead to a butterfly-like pattern. "The suspected companion stars in NGC 6302 and NGC 7027 haven't been directly detected because they are next to, or perhaps have already been swallowed by, larger red giant stars, a type of star that is hundreds to thousands of times brighter than the Sun," Bruce Balick, professor at the University of Washington in Seattle and co-author of the new research, said in the statement. "The hypothesis of merging stars seems the best and simplest explanation for the features seen in the most active and symmetric planetary nebulas," Balick added. "It's a powerful unifying concept, so far without rival." In the case of the Butterfly Nebula, the researchers suspect that the star spun "like a spinning top that's about to fall," according to Kastner, throwing out gas in erratic patterns. The Jewel Nebula, in stark contrast, showed that something "recently went haywire at the very center, producing a new cloverleaf pattern, with bullets of material shooting out in specific directions." READ MORE: Hubble Provides Holistic View of Stars Gone Haywire [NASA] More on Hubble: These Rare Exoplanets Have the “Density of Cotton Candy” Share This Article 
An international team of physicists claim they may have found evidence for a long-theorized type of subatomic particle called the axion. The axion was first suggested in the 1970s to explain discrepancies in particle physics. They have also become a popular way to explain the existence of dark matter, the nebulous stuff that makes up 85 percent of the mass of the universe. But scientists have never found direct evidence of them before — until, perhaps, now. As part of the XENON1T Dark Matter Experiment, detailed in a lengthy New York Times story about the discovery, researchers set up two tons of ultra-pure liquefied xenon in a vat under an Italian mountain. Xenon is a noble gas that is extremely stable, an inertness that makes it a perfect candidate to detect the presence of any particles that pass through it. The team announced that they found a "surprising excess of events" of particles interacting with the xenon particles — events that the scientists couldn't account for using the standard model of physics. The scientists suggest there are three explanations for this excess. One is contamination in the tank. It could also be caused by neutrinos, a well-established particle. The third explanation is far more bold, and could have sweeping implications in the world of physics. The interactions could be as a result of axions — potentially the first observation of the elusive particle. While axions are not currently a proposed direct explanation for dark matter, they could've set the stage for the creation of dark matter in the early stages of our universe. Scientists are undeniably excited by this third possibility, though they're also urging restraint due to the other potential explanations. "I’m trying to be calm here, but it’s hard not to be hyperbolic,” Neal Weiner, a particle theorist at New York University, who was not involved in the research, told The New York Times. "If this is real, calling it a game changer would be an understatement." "If this bears out, and if is a big question, this is the biggest game changer in my corner of physics since the discovery of cosmic acceleration," Chanda Prescod-Weinstein, a physicist at the University of New Hampshire who also wasn't involved, told Live Science in an email. Others are calling for more time before popping the champagne corks. "Despite being excited about this excess, we should be very patient," Luca Grandi, a physicist at the University of Chicago and co-author of the yet-to-be-peer-reviewed paper, told Quanta Magazine. A much larger experiment, with sensitivity levels dialed up, had to be delayed by the coronavirus lockdown in Italy. It may still take place later this year, according to the Times. To put the statistics in perspective, Kai Martens, a physicist at the University of Tokyo who worked on the experiment, told Live Science that there's about a 2 in 10,000 chance that random background radiation was behind the excess events rather than axions themselves. That kind of probability falls well short of the threshold physicists typically try to achieve before considering a discovery to be well-established. So far, the dominant explanation for the existence of dark matter has been the existence of so called "weakly interacting massive particles," which have the amusing acronym "WIMPs." WIMPs are hypothetical particles that are extremely high in mass and could account for most if not all of dark matter. But over time, physicists have become increasingly interested in exploring the possibility of axions as well. READ MORE: Seeking Dark Matter, They Detected Another Mystery [The New York Times] More on axions: Scientists May Have Identified the Particles That Make Up Dark Matter Share This Article 
In the early 2000s, astronomers spotted mysteriously bright spots on Saturn's moon Titan, each more than 3,000 miles wide. Astronomers had long pondered whether they could be evidence of lakes or seas on the moon. Now, a new study takes that theory a step further, claiming the spots are the remains of dried up lakes — a conclusion that could have bold implications for the existence of extraterrestrial life in our star system. "Titan is still currently the only other place in the universe that we know to have liquid on its surface, just like the Earth," Jason Hofgartner, planetary scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, lead author of the new study, published this week in Nature Communications, told Science News. Titan, the second-largest moon in our system, has long fascinated astronomers. Observations by NASA's Cassini spacecraft dating back to 2004 found that Titan has an active weather system. But rather than water falling from the sky like here on Earth, it rains methane and ethane on Titan, albeit on only extremely rare occasions. Some of these hydrocarbons are thought to have collected in larger bodies of liquid over time. Further puzzling researchers is the fact that these pools of liquid were concentrated around the moon's poles, not near its more central regions. Now, the NASA team says that only lake beds could explain strange reflections appearing in data they analyzed from the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico, the Green Bank Observatory in West Virginia, and the Cassini spacecraft. According to Hofgartner, the liquid could have traveled from the equator to the poles as part of a greater weather pattern on Titan called the "methane cycle." The liquid may have also evaporated as a result of the Sun's radiation. But for definitive answers, we'll have to wait until we find out more about Titan's mysterious landscapes. NASA is planning to send a dronelike spacecraft to Titan by 2034 as part of its Dragonfly mission. Unfortunately it won't be visiting the dry lakes region, "but there’s always… comparative geology that you can do from one place to another," principal investigator on NASA’s Dragonfly mission and planetary scientist Zibi Turtle told Science News. READ MORE: Flat spots on Saturn’s moon Titan may be the floors of ancient lake beds [Science News] More on Titan: Saturn’s Moon Titan Is Drifting Off Into Space, NASA Says Share This Article 
An international team of researchers has found that the red supergiant star Antares is even more gigantic than initially thought, Space.com reports. Previous research found that Antares, which is located about 550 light-years away in the Scorpius constellation, is about 700 times larger than the Sun — but that number increases dramatically when mapped in a different spectrum. "The size of a star can vary dramatically depending on what wavelength of light it is observed with," Eamon O’Gorman, astronomer at the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies and lead author of a new study about the project published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics this week, said in a statement. "The longer wavelengths of the [Very Large Array] revealed the supergiant’s atmosphere out to nearly 12 times the star’s radius," O'Gorman added. The team used the latest readings from both the Very Large Array combined with the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array to study Antares' atmosphere — and, in the process assembled the most detailed map in existence of any star besides our Sun. Supergiant red stars are the largest stars found in the universe in terms of volume, but not mass. They're relatively cool and form from stars that start to collapse in on themselves. Once their time is up, they collapse into a supernova. The region just above red supergiant's surface, the chromosphere, is cooler than the Sun's. Its chromosphere is also far more extensive, stretching to 2.5 times that of its radius, compared to the Sun's chromosphere, which extends to only 0.5 percent of its radius. “We found that the chromosphere is ‘lukewarm’ rather than hot, in stellar temperatures,” O’Gorman explained. "The difference can be explained because our radio measurements are a sensitive thermometer for most of the gas and plasma in the star’s atmosphere, whereas past optical and ultraviolet observations were only sensitive to very hot gas and plasma." By scrutinizing the star's chromosphere, they could even tell where winds on its surface start from. "Knowing the actual sizes and temperatures of the atmospheric zones gives us a clue of how these huge winds start to form and how much mass is being ejected," co-author Graham Harper of the University of Colorado said in the statement. READ MORE: New map reveals just how enormous the supergiant star Antares really is [Space.com] More on red giants: Giant Star Betelgeuse May Have Eaten a Smaller Companion Share This Article 
Sure, we all have ideas about how, if given the opportunity, we could make the world a better place. Some might add a little extra atmospheric protection from the sun, while others might throw some more freshwater into the mix, or fewer volcanoes or earthquakes. Sadly, with the possible exception of Elon Musk, none of us will ever get the chance to actually craft a planet of our own. But this fun, complex Planet board game acts as a pretty interesting simulation. In Planet, players are charged with building the best ecosystem that will allow life to flourish and grow. To start, they get a 12-sided, 3-dimensional planet core. Over the course of each game’s 12 rounds (one for every side of each player’s planet), players must strategically place magnetic “landscape tiles” that are divided into sections representing four components of any balanced ecosystem: oceans, deserts, mountains, and frozen lands. The way players arrange their planets allows them to collect animal cards that are matched with certain landscape configurations: for instance, the bear card goes to the player with the largest forest next to a mountain range, while the biggest tundra next to an ocean gets the penguin card. There’s an added complication in the form of a secret landscape designation for each player, but the basic goal is to collect the most animal cards in addition to other points and multipliers that are awarded throughout the game. Whoever does that can say their planet is the most habitable for animal life, and thus wins the game of Planet. Like a lot of fondly remembered games before it, Planet is a good mix of strategy and luck, as players attempt to arrange their planets according to both the luck of the draw and how their opponents' planets are arranged. And the more times you play, the more strategic nuances will become clear to attentive players. Each copy of Planet comes with four planet cores (meaning you can play with 2-4 players), 50 magnetic landscape tiles, 45 animal cards, five natural habitat objective cards, and a first player token. As you might expect with a complex game, it also comes with an illustrated copy of the game’s rules. And all these components are made with high-quality materials that provide maximum durability and playability. In other words, they're built to last. Planet typically takes between 30 to 45 minutes to play and is a little on the brainy side, so it might be too complex for players under the age of 8. But the game was engineered to encourage useful skills such as strategic thinking, problem-solving, and creativity. It's also meant to build general awareness of the environment and the relationship between different ecosystems on our own real-life planet. So if you’re ready to try your hand at constructing a thriving, teeming world from scratch, head over to the Fat Brain Toys online store right here, and buy your copy of Planet right, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Over the past few years, online video streaming has become the primary source of entertainment for millions of Americans. But with people spending more and more time at home, streaming has had an even bigger moment as of late. That means there’s a good chance you might feel like you’ve watched everything worth watching on Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime, and other major streaming services. Perhaps you've even grown tired of the content that the major streamers provide. Luckily, there's another option, and it’s loaded with science-focused programming that’s educational as well as entertaining. It’s called CuriosityStream, and it's the streaming service for people who love to learn. CuriosityStream is the product of John Hendricks, who also founded The Discovery Channel. Its library of films series, and original content are in the vein of the golden age of basic cable, before reality TV and fictionalized shows took over. But just like The Discovery Channel of old, every single film, episode, or feature found on CuriosityStream will encourage learning and, of course, curiosity in viewers. That includes thousands of programs, both CuriosityStream originals and treasures from its extensive archive, covering topics from science to history to technology and everything in between. Programs like Stephen Hawking’s Favorite Places, in which the late physicist takes viewers on a tour of his favorite places in the entire universe. Another example is Frank Lloyd Wright: The Man Who Built America, a compelling documentary about the famed architect. If your home entertainment diet could use a little more education and a little less vegetation, CuriosityStream would likely look like a bargain even at a comparable price to Netflix or HBO Max. But instead, CuriosityStream is offered at prices that are unbelievably affordable. An entire year of CuriosityStream will set you back just $19.99, which is less than $1.67 per month. That's less than a cup of coffee will cost you. And if you don’t feel like committing to a whole year, you can also go month-to-month, which is still only $2.99 a month. All of CuriosityStream’s programming is available in beautiful high definition. But videophiles can also get 4K streaming plans for $9.99 a month or $69.99 per year, which is still a bargain. And CuriosityStream comes without any geographic restrictions, so you can watch anything and everything available on the service no matter where you are in the world. So if you’re ready to sign up for CuriosityStream, head over to its official site right here and find out everything else you might need to know. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
"Project manager" is where the buck both starts and stops in organizations across the world, and it's a uniquely flexible title that gives you the tools to transition between industries and take a leadership role. The Project Management Certifications Tests + Courses Bundle will help you nab three of the most important certifications in the field for just $25. Project managers, or PMs, are responsible for planning, procuring, and executing a project. They serve as the project's representative, addressing concerns, correcting errors, and mediating between departments on a project as needed, a first and often the only point of contact for a project. They're the ones who keep departments talking to each other, ensure the budgets aren't blown, and that everyone sticks to the schedule. As such, they're in demand. The Project Management Institute (PMI) anticipates that by 2027, the world will need 88 million project managers, and there won't be enough PMs to go around. If you want to capitalize on this demand and start your own career as a PM, you'll need to be certified first, and each course in the Project Management Certifications Tests + Courses Bundle helps set you up for success. The first step is securing the Certified Associate in Project Management, or CAPM. Certified by the PMI, CAPM is an entry-level certification awarded on the completion of a 150-question exam and maintained by retaking the exam every five years. This first course, with 29 lectures, contains the 23 contact hours you need to have completed before you can even sit for the exam. Plus, it also gives you detailed explanations of 750 questions across five practice exams to prepare you to pass with flying colors. Even if you don't plan to maintain your certification, earning one will help you develop a managerial mindset and open new doors inside and outside your industry. Next, you'll prepare to earn your Project Management Professional (PMP) certification. A PMP certification is universally recognized across the world and across industries, making it an ideal path to a career change for an experienced project manager. This course's 52 lectures will cover the required hours needed to take the PMP exam, using the questions on five sample exams to explore the process of managing a project, from initiation to closure. It also lays the groundwork for the top tier of certifications.   Any project faces some risk, and project managers are expected to find and mitigate that risk as much as possible. A PMI-certified Risk Management Professional (PMI-RMP) is trained to locate both threats and opportunities for the project and its staff, and to limit the one while maximizing the other. The 13 lectures and five mock exams included in this course will delve into all aspects of risk management and how it applies to projects, by looking at and taking apart the questions in the exam. Along the way you'll learn all aspects of risk management: How to identify risks; effective and tested evaluation strategies; prioritizing risks to make more effective decisions; and how to choose and implement the right strategy for mitigating the risk. The course also serves as the 30 necessary educational hours needed to take the PMI-RMP exam, so when you're done, you'll be set to jump right in. Whether you're already certified or just starting out, the Project Management Certifications Tests + Courses Bundle offers an ideal opportunity to refresh your skills and get your course hours in at your pace, instead of having to book an entire weekend or cram night classes around family. Step forward and take the lead for both your organization and your career for only $24.99 with the Project Management Certifications Tests + Courses Bundle. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re like most people, you’re using the Internet without any real assurance that your data/private information is safe from prying eyes. Online marketers, law enforcement, hackers, and who knows who else might be able to see your browsing habits, credit card numbers, Internet account passwords, and more -- unless you’re browsing with a virtual private network, or VPN. And it comes to choosing the right provider, NordVPN is on of the most popular and affordable names in the VPN businesses. Put in layman’s terms, a VPN acts as a private, encrypted tunnel between your computer and whatever you connect to online, with no security leaks in between. With a VPN, anyone trying to monitor your Internet activity, including your own Internet Service Provider (ISP), will come up empty handed. If you think a VPN is too complicated or expensive, you must not be aware of what many consider to be the best VPN in the game: NordVPN. With NordVPN, you get the security and privacy mentioned above, along with a myriad of other security and support features, all of which are included in the service’s low, low price. As mentioned above, NordVPN will conceal your data from would-be snoops. This includes not only your ISP, but also other ISPs you might use when you're not at home, including on public wifi networks. And NordVPN itself won't have access to your data thanks to its independently verified “no-log” policy. As NordVPN puts it, “We don’t track, collect, or share your private data. It’s none of our business.” And if for some reason your VPN service is interrupted, NordVPN also has what’s called an “Automatic Kill Switch” that will completely block your device from accessing the Internet until the VPN is back online. With all this talk of Internet privacy and security, you might be wondering if there are any additional reasons for a regular person to use NordVPN. If you do any International traveling, you might have encountered governmental censorship. Another less nefarious issue when traveling abroad is that websites sometime restrict access from certain countries for a variety of reasons, which can be frustrating. But with NordVPN, all geographic restrictions become a thing of the past, as do bandwidth limits and any other external restrictions on your online activity. A regular NordVPN subscription will set you back $11.95 per month. However, right now, you can save a significant amount of money by going for a one-year or three-year plan, which cost $6.99 and $3.49 per month, respectively. That's a savings of up to a 70 percent. And all of NordVPN's plans will protect not just one, but up to six different devices (smartphones, computers, tablets, and nearly any other Internet-connected device). So if you’re ready to start taking you online security and privacy seriously, head over to the official NordVPN site right here and sign up today. You have 30 days to give the service a try with a money-back guarantee, so there’s virtually no reason not to take advantage of this incredible deal. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
The European Space Agency's Solar Orbiter probe just made its first close approach of the Sun, getting within 77 million kilometers (47.8 million miles) of the star's surface — about half the distance between Earth and the Sun. During its approach, it snapped the closest images of the Sun ever captured — which will be released in mid-July, according to a statement. “We have never taken pictures of the Sun from a closer distance than this," ESA’s Solar Orbiter Project Scientist Daniel Müller said in the statement. While we've been able to zoom in further using solar telescopes from Earth such as the Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope in Hawaii, this spacecraft was able to get a much clearer look from outer space, unobstructed by Earth's atmosphere. "For the first time, we will be able to put together the images from all our telescopes and see how they take complementary data of the various parts of the Sun including the surface, the outer atmosphere, or corona, and the wider heliosphere around it," Müller added. Scientists will also be able to get an unprecedented peek at the structure and composition of solar winds, according to the scientists. "For the in-situ instruments, this is not just a test, we are expecting new and exciting results," Yannis Zouganelis, ESA’s Solar Orbiter Deputy Project Scientist, said in the statement. The Solar Orbiter will get even near to the Sun later, getting as close as 42 million kilometers (26 million miles) — closer than Mercury. The record still belongs to NASA's Parker Solar Probe, which in November 2018 became the closest man-made object to the Sun ever sent into space, at just 24 million kilometers (15 million miles)  from the surface. The images taken by the Solar Orbiter will take a week to travel the 134 million kilometers (83 million miles) back to Earth. The images will then be processed and released to the public in mid-July. READ MORE: Solar Orbiter makes first close approach to the Sun [ESA] More on the Sun: The Highest Def Photo of the Sun Looks Like Popcorn Share This Article 
Scientists have identified a green glow in the atmosphere of Mars caused by sunlight releasing oxygen atoms from carbon dioxide — the first time such a glow has been observed on a planet other than Earth. As oxygen is abundant in Earth's atmosphere, a similar one can be observed from the International Space Station. It's the same effect that gives auroras their green hue. "One of the brightest emissions seen on Earth stems from night glow," Jean-Claude Gérard of the Université de Liège, Belgium, and lead author of the new study published in Nature Astronomy today, said in a statement. "More specifically, from oxygen atoms emitting a particular wavelength of light that has never been seen around another planet." Scientists have predicted this green glow to occur on Mars as well for roughly 40 years. Only now — thanks to the European Space Agency and Russian space agency Roscomos's ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter (TGO), which entered the Red Planet's orbit in 2016 — were we able to confirm the phenomenon. The researchers put the TGO in a special observing mode and pointed its instruments directly down at Mars. According to data collected between April and December of last year, they found evidence of the green oxygen glow in all altitudes ranging from 20 to 400 kilometers, with the strongest at 80 kilometers. "We modeled this emission and found that it’s mostly produced as carbon dioxide, or CO2, is broken up into its constituent parts: carbon monoxide and oxygen," Gérard explained. "We saw the resulting oxygen atoms glowing in both visible and ultraviolet light." "The observations at Mars agree with previous theoretical models but not with the actual glowing we’ve spotted around Earth, where the visible emission is far weaker," Gérard added. "This suggests we have more to learn about how oxygen atoms behave, which is hugely important for our understanding of atomic and quantum physics." The discovery could also prove helpful for future missions to Mars. For instance, studying the Martian atmosphere could tell us about atmospheric density and how it could interact with satellites and landers. READ MORE: Mars: Green glow detected on the Red Planet [BBC] More on Mars: This Plan For a Martian City Under a Dome is Breathtaking Share This Article 
According to a new study in The Astrophysical Journal, there could be dozens of intelligent alien civilizations hiding in our galaxy, all capable of communicating. "There should be at least a few dozen active civilizations in our Galaxy under the assumption that it takes 5 billion years for intelligent life to form on other planets, as on Earth," Christopher Conselice, Professor of Astrophysics at the University of Nottingham and lead author of the study, said in a statement. "The idea is looking at evolution, but on a cosmic scale," he added. The researchers say the numbers suggest there are a number of technological civilizations in the Milky Way galaxy. "In the strong criteria, whereby a metal content equal to that of the Sun is needed (the Sun is relatively speaking quite metal rich), we calculate that there should be around 36 active civilizations in our Galaxy," Tom Westby, first author and assistant professor at the University of Nottingham, said in the statement. Previous estimations have been based on educated guesses and opinions — something that can cause numbers to "vary quite substantially," according to Westby. But the astronomers say their estimation takes the latest research into account. "Our new study simplifies these assumptions using new data, giving us a solid estimate of the number of civilizations in our Galaxy," Westby added. Hidden in the cool research is a major bummer: the average alien civilization would be 17,000 light-years away. It's also possible that all other intelligent civilizations already kicked the bucket a long time ago. But finding them could give us important clues about our own humanity as well. "If we find that intelligent life is common then this would reveal that our civilization could exist for much longer than a few hundred years, alternatively if we find that there are no active civilizations in our Galaxy it is a bad sign for our own long-term existence," Conselice said. "By searching for extraterrestrial intelligent life — even if we find nothing — we are discovering our own future and fate," he added. READ MORE: Research sheds new light on intelligent life existing across the galaxy [University of Nottingham] More on alien life: Harvard Prof: Deep Space Signal May Be From Alien Civilization Share This Article 
For a long time there were two different sets of rules when it came to investing. Regular everyday people only got to invest in publicly traded assets like stocks and bonds, while rich people and institutional investors got to add real diversity to their portfolios with things like private real estate, which offered more stability and greater returns. Luckily, things are different now. Advancements in technology and subsequent changes to SEC regulations have democratized the financial services industry in recent years. Now, innovative online investing platforms like Fundrise let anyone invest in private market real estate like a billionaire. Modern portfolio theory says diversification is the key to long term investing. It’s supposed to limit your exposure to risk by balancing the poor performance of one type of asset against the better performance of another. The problem, of course, is that “diversification” is a relative term. When the only assets in your portfolio are publicly traded stocks and bonds, you really don’t have that much protection from major fluctuations in the economy. Wealthy people have always understood this. That’s why they have historically allocated up to 30 percent of their portfolios to private real estate. However, private real estate was not an option for smaller investors. The technology required to break billion-dollar real estate investments up into smaller pieces did not exist, which meant you had to be able to write some pretty big checks to get in the game. But now things have changed. And companies like Fundrise are giving people new options they never thought possible. Fundrise is a simple online investing platform that allows you to truly diversify your portfolio by investing in the private real estate market. Investing with Fundrise is similar to investing in traditional pooled funds. However, instead of putting your money in a portfolio of public stocks and bonds, you’re putting it into eREITs (real estate investment trusts) or eFunds, which are simply portfolios of privately held real estate assets. These diversified portfolios are handpicked by Fundrise’s real estate experts for their ability to produce revenue, and they include everything from single-family rental houses to multi-building apartment complexes. Fundrise offers four types of accounts based on the amount of money you want to invest and your investing experience. They also offer three different investment strategies. The Supplemental Income strategy is designed to maximize quarterly dividends; the Long-Term Growth strategy is designed to maximize total return over many years, and the Balanced Investing strategy splits the difference. Once you place your initial investment, it will immediately be invested in a series of different investment funds that are suited to your strategy. And everything can be managed online. Fundrise has a proprietary auto-invest tool that helps you fine-tune your portfolio, and their mobile app allows you to track your investments in real-time. As a Fundrise investor, you will see returns in the form of long term property appreciation as well as quarterly dividends from revenue-generating properties in your portfolio. The result is annual returns between 8.7 and 12.4 percent, with an annualized dividend yield of 7.75 percent. The best part about Fundrise is that it’s specifically designed to make private market real estate investing an option for anyone. Their proprietary software keeps the fees incredibly low at just 1 percent, which means you actually keep the money you earn. Plus you don’t have to be accredited to invest with Fundrise. There’s no credit check, no minimum income, no minimum net wealth. If you can afford the minimum investment of $500, you’re in. Whether you are a first-time investor, or you’ve been slowly building your portfolio for years, Fundrise has an account level that’s right for you. So don’t miss out. Read more about Fundrise and see what private market real estate can do for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Social distancing and staying at home means we've got lots of time to fill, and there's only so many reality shows you can stream before you start feeling the need to actually do something productive with your time. The Social Distancing Lifetime Subscription Bundle gives you three-lifetime subscriptions to help you scratch that itch to be productive, by checking off books from your reading list, picking up a new language, or finally securing your internet. Few of us have the time to tackle, say, all 696 pages of Thomas Piketty's Capital In The 21st Century or crack open a business classic like The Fifth Discipline, at 466 pages. The 12min Premium Micro Book Library, however, lets you absorb top reads in a fraction of the time with quick, twelve-minute summaries available in both audio and text forms. Each book is distilled to its key points and relevant topics, so you can absorb the full overview and move on, or develop an understanding of the overall points so you can read the book more closely for the details you need. It's an ideal way to get caught up, or refresh your memory, and with thirty new books added every month across a wide variety of genres, there's always something new to learn. Rosetta Stone uses immersion and intuition to help you get the basics of each of the 24 languages offered. Immersion is one of the most effective ways to learn a new language as speaking, reading, writing, and hearing a language are all different, but connected skills. Rosetta Stone is built to start simply, allowing you grasp the ebb and flow of a language basics by matching words to pictures so you form a grasp of the grammar and structure of the language and then eases you into practical concepts with interactive lessons where you read, listen, and respond.  Whether you want to learn a new language for the trip you'll take once the current situation eases, or to get ahead at work, Rosetta Stone focuses on the practical, everyday language that you'll often see used. And since it's web-based, all you need is a headset and microphone, and you can follow your lessons anywhere, any time. A virtual private network (VPN) serves as both a security guard and a passport. By routing your browsing data through an encrypted tunnel and to a remote server, a VPN effectively masks your movements online, helping protect your private information and keep hackers and shady companies at a safe distance. It also allows you access to sites that limit access to specific countries, opening the door to new live TV and letting international travelers access their streaming services and podcasts when they're out of the country. KeepSolid helps protect you from both unethical ISPs and hackers, with over 400 servers across the world to choose from, 256-bit encryption for your data, no speed or bandwidth limits, unlimited traffic and connection speeds, and apps for your phone, tablet, and laptop. More advanced VPN users can choose their preferred protocol, as well. The Social Distancing Lifetime Subscription Bundle gives you lifetime access to all three of these top-tier services for an absolute steal, just $199 right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Did you struggle through your math classes in high school and decide it's just not for you? Don't worry, you're not alone. High school math classes have long been viewed as behind the curve, especially by those who actually use mathematical principles in their work. The truth is, math is essential. The Laws of Nature are mathematical expressions, and the principles of the field can help problem solve just about anything. Beyond its most practical and fundamental purposes, understanding math can also create new opportunities for you. Particularly in a time of great uncertainty, math is about as sure of a thing as there is. You can revisit the subject that once haunted you and understand it better than ever with the Mathematics for Engineers Prep Bundle, on sale now for just $28.99. One of the biggest hang-ups that many people have with mathematics is the belief that they will never have to use the skills in real life. There's some truth to that. Studies have found that the vast majority of Americans barely use more than basic math at work. But that isn't because they don't need it, it's because the way they were taught the skills wasn't geared toward their career. The Mathematics for Engineers Prep Bundle lets you take a new approach to math: one that is in line with your future career path. Revisit algebra with a whole new slant to it with courses like Complete Linear Algebra for Data Science and Machine Learning. With that under your belt, you can approach advanced algebra courses like Algebra 2: The Complete Course with a new way of understanding the topic. Now that you know math doesn't have to feel so abstract and you know that you'll be able to use it, it's time to start learning exactly how you might put it to use in a new career. This is where courses like INTUITION MATTERS! Applied Calculus for Engineers comes into play. This series of four separate courses will not only help you gain a better understanding of exactly how calculus works in a way the whiteboard equations in your high school classroom never could, but it will also teach you exactly how to apply those principles to the field of engineering. When it comes down to it, math is more than just memorizing some concepts and formulas. You need to truly understand it so that you can take the theories and apply them in a practical way. Engineering is a field that absolutely requires this type of knowledge. It's not that you'll have to solve specific equations, it's that you'll need to understand the fundamentals and be able to put them to use in a real-life environment. You can see how this all comes together in the Complete Electricity for Electronics, Electrical Engineering course, which will have you solving electric circuits easily with your newfound math skills. It's time to strip math of some of the mystique that it has had for too long. The field can be understood and applied practically if you just have the right approach, and The Mathematics for Engineers Prep Bundle is all the proof you need of that. This nine-course collection is valued at $1,195, but you can get it for just $28.99. Some quick math tells you that is a 97% savings off the retail price, and you can trust your intuition when it tells you that is a great deal. Start down the path to a career where you can apply your math skills, pick up this course bundle while you can! Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Stock photography is an essential part of any marketer's toolkit, which is why it's such a shame that the medium is often made into a laughingstock. Ultra-specific images and exaggerated visuals quickly get turned into memes when the context is taken away. That can make using stock images a real minefield — pick the wrong one and you just might see the image go viral for all the wrong reasons. When you need a stock image that will actually convey the message that you intend to send, it's best not to leave it up to chance. You need another set of eyes that you can trust and guide you to the perfect image. You need JumpStory Authentic Stock Photography, and you can get a lifetime membership for under $100 right now. They say variety is the spice of life, and if that's the case, then JumpStory is extra spicy. With a lifetime subscription, you'll get access to a massive library of over 25 million images, illustrations, vector icons, and videos — all of which you can use to your heart's content. Whether you're launching a blog or website, designing a newsletter, trying to improve your social media presence, or launching a YouTube channel, you'll find all the stock imagery you need on hand. On the off chance that JumpStory doesn't have exactly what you're looking for, fret not: they add more than 20,000 images on a daily basis. If 25 million images sounds like a bit too much to sort through all on your own, fret not. JumpStory uses artificial intelligence to help you find exactly what you're looking for in an instant. It can even predict how well each image will perform. This is incredibly important, as a significant portion of the human brain is dedicated to visual processing. Some studies suggest that posts on social media are 10 times more likely to receive engagement when an image accompanies it. If you want that engagement, you need to make sure to pick the right image. JumpStory's AI tools can guide you to exactly what you need. One of the great things about stock imagery is that it is made for you to make changes to it if needed. JumpStory knows that not every image is going to fit perfectly to what you need, so it has built-in editing tools that can help you shape an image any way that you want. You can quickly crop an image, insert text, make quick adjustments to contrast and other settings, and even insert your own logo with JumpStory's Image Editor. For the more difficult tasks, like removing a background from a photo, there are AI tools that can do the job for you, saving you time. One of the things that marketing experts know about stock photography is that it usually doesn't come cheap. Well, prepare to be surprised. You can get a lifetime membership to JumpStory Authentic Stock Photography for just $99.99. That gets you full access to JumpStory's already huge and always growing library of stock assets, all of which you can edit to your heart's content and use in just about any project imaginable — plus the ability to use AI to predict the performance of your images before you send them out into the world. And you get to save 95% off the retail price, to boot. Save yourself from getting turned into a meme by the internet and get your content the engagement that it truly deserves with the perfect stock image for any occasion. Grab your lifetime membership to JumpStory today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Dining out looks pretty different these days. It’s natural to pine for the past, but many quick service restauranteurs are also looking ahead to a future where automation will be the key to drastically increasing their notoriously thin margins and allowing their workers to shine in the tasks no machine can do.  Robots in the workplace can get a bad rap—most people aren’t trying to get replaced by one. But the smartest and most innovative robotic companies aren’t designing teams of droids that send people packing. Instead, they’re crafting intelligent machines that work alongside workers, increasing efficiency and profits in the process. Take Flippy, the arm-like robotic kitchen assistant from Miso Robotics. As its name implies, the robot flips burgers, cooking them to perfection. Miso Robotics has already raised over $2mm in their investment campaign on SeedInvest, which is still open to investors. The company also recently unveiled Flippy’s newer, more versatile cousin, Robot on a Rail (ROAR). Suspended from an overhead railing rather than standing on the floor, the machine can perform tasks like frying onion rings and preparing chicken tenders. When the orders are ready, it lets its co-workers know, and can clean up after itself by doing dirty and time-consuming jobs like scraping down grills.  Both are AI-enabled, allowing them to take in their surroundings and learn and evolve over time. They know what time to start cooking a well-done burger so that it’s done at exactly the same time as a medium-rare burger for the same order, or could learn how to optimize oil use to minimize waste, for instance. In a pre-pandemic time of restaurant labor shortages, Flippy kept kitchen productivity high and costs low, a giant deal in an industry known for tiny margins. Introducing Flippy into a kitchen can increase profit margins by a whopping 300%, not to mention significantly reduce the stress managers feel when trying to fill shifts. But even if restaurants have an easier time finding workers as places reopen, Flippy and ROAR aren’t gunning for people’s jobs. They’re designed to be collaborative robots, or cobots, the cost-effective machines created to work with humans, not against them.  Robots are great at efficiency and mindless tasks. They don’t complain about fried food grease getting in their pores, walk out on the job when they’re too bored to flip another burger or burn the chicken tenders after getting distracted by a cute coworker.  But they also can’t greet regulars by name, upsell customers, or expertly calm unhappy guests. Quick service restaurants with tools like Flippy and ROAR are the kind of places you keep coming back to—you know the staff will always have time to answer your detailed questions or joke with your child as they hand them a special kids menu, and you can also trust your order will always be right on time, perfectly cooked, and made just the way you like it. Automation in restaurants will become even more crucial post-pandemic when owners will potentially need workers to enforce updated safety regulations and interact with disgruntled guests. It may not be an easy job for those workers, but with Flippy having their back in the kitchen, they’ll know they won’t have to worry about burnt burgers on top of confused customers. Flippy is already hard at work in places like Dodger Stadium and more than 50 CaliBurger restaurants, having perfectly cooked more than 12,000 burgers.  Previously, investment opportunities like this were only available to the ultra-wealthy and uber-connected, leaving everyday investors with the soggy, leftover fries. But now, you can get in on the ground floor of a potential high-growth opportunity like investing in Miso Robotics. Check out the company’s website for more information on how you can be a part of a company primed to leverage robotics and AI and lead quick service restaurants into the future with the world’s first autonomous robotic kitchen assistant Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with our partners at Miso Robotics. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It could take months if not years to travel to faraway planets. Science fiction has long suggested that for humans to survive such a lengthy and intense journey, their best bet it so be put into a deep sleep state, whether by flash-freezing their vital organs or being put under with a cocktail of drugs. Such a state of suspended animation is still far off. But that could now be starting to change, thanks to cutting edge research by a team of Harvard scientists. They were able to put mice into a state of hibernation by stimulating certain neurons in their brains that control hibernation-like behavior. It's the first time such neural circuits have been identified, nevermind activated, according to a statement about the research. As detailed in a paper published in the esteemed journal Nature today, the researchers describe how certain brain pathways in the hypothalamus were found to be responsible for putting mice into a state of torpor, meaning a "state with a greatly decreased metabolic rate and a body temperature as low as 20 °C." "In warm-blooded animals, body temperature is tightly regulated," explained co-lead author Senmiao Sun, a graduate student in the Harvard Program in Neuroscience, in the statement. "A drop of a couple of degrees in humans, for example, leads to hypothermia and can be fatal. However, torpor circumvents this regulation and allows body temperatures to fall dramatically." There are still plenty of unknowns about the state of the mammalian brain while it is in a state of hibernation. But we're starting to get some significant insights. In an experiment, the researchers found that the state of torpor could be induced by stimulating neurons by adding a chemical compound to certain areas of the brain. A specially designed virus-based tool was able to hone in on individual neuron sites. Despite the breakthrough, it'll be a while until humans will be able to be put under on their journey to Mars. "It’s far too soon to say whether we could induce this type of state in a human, but it is a goal that could be worthwhile," study senior author Michael Greenberg, professor and chair of Harvard's Department of Neurobiology, said in the statement. If they can, though, the possibilities are endless. "It could potentially lead to an understanding of suspended animation, metabolic control and possibly extended lifespan," Greenberg added. "The imagination runs wild when we think about the potential of hibernation-like states in humans." study co-lead author Sinisa Hrvatin, instructor in neurobiology at Harvard, said in the statement. "Could we really extend lifespan? Is this the way to send people to Mars?" READ MORE: State of stasis [Harvard Gazette] More on suspended animation: Scientists: Human Hibernation Is Entirely Possible Share This Article 
Back in 2017, architecture firm Bjarke Ingels Group were asked to design a prototype of a Martian city by the Dubai government. What they came up with is a stunning vision of what life on the Red Planet could one day be like, CNN reports. The project is part of the United Arab Emirates' Mars Science City, a space intended for Dubai's Mohammed Bin Rashid Space Centre. So far, the city is not much more than a concept — but that doesn't make the vision itself any less beautiful. The architects imagine a future Martian city as being composed of several pressurized biodomes, filled with oxygen mined from underground ice. Solar power provides energy. "Since there is very little atmosphere on Mars, the heat transfer will be very low, meaning that the air inside the domes will not cool down as fast as it would on Earth," Bjarke Ingels Group architect Jakob Lange told CNN. To get away from harmful radiation on the surface, rooms would be buried about 20 feet underground. "In the future on Mars, you would have skylights in your underground cave that would be like aquariums, with fish swimming around," Lange said. What makes matters even more interesting is the fact that gravity is only a third that on Earth. "It creates almost like a completely new rule set that you have to follow when designing architecture in space." The final city —  a conceptual design intended for Dubai on Earth, not Mars — will include a research lab, educational facility, museum, amphiteather and co-working office space. READ MORE: Architects have designed a Martian city for the desert outside Dubai [CNN] More on Martian habitats: IKEA Designed the Interior of a Mars Habitat - Futurism Share This Article 
A decade ago, NASA challenged private vendors to develop concepts for spacecraft that could carry US and international astronauts to and from the International Space Station. In 2014, it awarded those contracts to Space and Boeing. Ten years later, SpaceX already has a successful launch under its belt thanks to its futuristic Crew Dragon vehicle and Falcon 9 rocket. But Boeing has been struggling with getting its spacecraft, the CST-100 Starliner, off the ground. The two corporations have been working in parallel, yet their approaches — and designs — are strikingly different. Today, Boeing announced it's working with Finnish virtual reality startup Varjo to allow astronauts to train in "photorealistic" virtual environments. With that news, we also got a first-person glimpse at the inside of the Starliner's cockpit — and the interface couldn't look more different when compared to the sleek touchscreens used to operate SpaceX's Crew Dragon. Panels of gauges, switches, monitors, and number pads take up most of the astronaut's view. A joystick allows for more precise inputs. It's a design far more reminiscent of NASA's Space Shuttle's cockpit — more commercial airliner than Tesla. During SpaceX's historic May 30 launch, NASA astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley appeared to interact with the array of three side-by-side touchscreens only minimally. In fact, Crew Dragon takes care of most of the flying. The two pilots only briefly took over manual control twice during the test launch. "It’s probably a dream of every test pilot school student to have the opportunity to fly on a brand-new spaceship, and I’m lucky enough to get that opportunity with my good friend here," said Behnken in a NASA broadcast several weeks preceding the launch. "Of course, you know, growing up as a pilot my whole career, having a certain way to control the vehicle, this is certainly different," Hurley added. The sleek black and white SpaceX space suits also got a "five star rating" by Behnken and Hurley. "I bet you we've donned and offed those suits a couple hundred times," Hurley said during an interview from on board the space station on June 1. "They were actually much easier to get in and out of in zero G." Just like its cockpit, Starliner's blue space suit also looks strikingly different. The suits are covered in Boeing's trademark blue. The overall look however is arguably a far cry from SpaceX's divisive "tuxedo-like" take, with a far less flattering shape and boots, courtesy of sports outfitter Reebok, that already look a little dated. NASA has already announced the three American astronauts who will be on board the first planned crewed test flight on board Boeing's Starliner, slated for April 2021. But that date may be subject to change. Thanks to a test flight that almost ended in a "catastrophic failure," Boeing decided to redo its unsuccessful uncrewed test flight in April. A date for that second uncrewed launch has yet to be announced. READ MORE: Virtual reality will be a big part of Boeing's Starliner astronaut training [Space.com] More on Starliner: NASA: Boeing Skipped Crucial Software Test of Starliner Spacecraft Share This Article 
Researchers from Tel Aviv University have found that water vapor in the atmosphere has the potential to become a viable source of renewable energy. So far, the voltage generated in their experiments is extremely low. But if it scales up, they say the phenomenon could be used to charge batteries. "If an AA battery is 1.5V, there may be a practical application in the future: to develop batteries that can be charged from water vapor in the air," Colin Price, researcher at Tel Aviv University's Porter School of the Environment and Earth Sciences and co-author of a paper about the research published in the journal Nature last month, said in a statement. The basic natural phenomenon behind their discovery is why lightning occurs in nature. "Electricity in thunderstorms is generated only by water in its different phases — water vapor, water droplets, and ice," Price said. "Twenty minutes of cloud development is how we get from water droplets to huge electric discharges — lightning — some half a mile in length," he added. Scientific discoveries dating back a hundred years found that water droplets in the air could charge metal surfaces. In their research, the Tel Aviv scientists honed in on that phenomenon and found that voltage only developed when relative humidity in the air rose above 60 percent — atmospheric conditions that are extremely commonplace across the globe. They found that materials such as zinc and stainless steel acquired a charge of about one volt. "Water is a very special molecule," Price said. "During molecular collisions, it can transfer an electrical charge from one molecule to the other. Through friction, it can build up a kind of static electricity." The charge harvested from the humidity in the air could eventually be used as a green energy source, he suspects. The researchers say the technology could be impactful in developing countries where many communities don't have regular access to electricity, but humidity is high. READ MORE: Water vapor in the atmosphere may be prime renewable energy source [American Friends of Tel Aviv University] More on batteries: This “Quantum Battery” Never Loses Its Charge Share This Article 
The US Department of Defense only established its branding and trademark licensing office in 2007, decades after the entertainment industry started planting its flags in the world of trademarks. Case in point: in the case the US military's youngest branch, Space Force, Netflix was almost a year ahead in registering a trademark for the same name — for its satirical show starring Steve Carell, according to the Hollywood Reporter. The streaming platform's trademark for "Space Force" dates back to January 2019. The US military's space warfare service of the same name was founded in December, eleven months later, without ever having registered a trademark for its name. To be clear, Netflix has just as much as a right, courtesy of the First Amendment and "fair use" arguments, to own the copyright to a show called the "Space Force" while the US government operates its own real-life Space Force. There's also no guarantee that the issue will become acrimonious. But a future quibble over such a trademark wouldn't be entirely unprecedented: In 2011, Disney tried to register the phrase "Seal Team 6" after the killing of Osama bin Laden — until pressure from the public caused it to give up on the idea. But for now, there's no bad blood. "At this time, we are not aware of any trademark conflicts with the fictional program Space Force produced by Netflix," an Air Force spokesperson told the Reporter. "We wish Netflix and the show's producers the best in their creative depiction of our nation's newest branch of the military." READ MORE: Trump's Space Force Already Lost Its First Battle [The Hollywood Reporter] More on Space Force: US Space Force Launches Secretive Spacecraft Share This Article 
Cryptocurrency scammers have long been drawn to Elon Musk's Twitter account. Almost every time he tweets, a slew of fake Elon Musk accounts try to coax unsuspecting fans into handing over hard-to-trace cryptocurrency — and they're getting pretty crafty. Right now, a fake livestream on YouTube is playing NASA footage of the press conferences leading up to SpaceX's recent historic launch — which already happened more than a week ago, to be clear — accompanied by a QR code that sends users to a fake Bitcoin giveaway. There's even a lengthy, never ending feed of bots spewing out messages to support the scam like "I can't thank you enough," and "connect my btc faster please." It's possible that many of the 16,000 apparent viewers are also bots. Text on the livestream claims that Bitcoin donations will get you a 200 percent payback — essentially a pyramid scheme where suckers are lured in by the promise of great returns, only to have the scammers run off with their cash. The YouTube account, named "SpaceX," has over 130,000 subscribers. The account's YouTube Community page, however, doesn't pass muster — if the fact that the NASA footage was flipped to not trigger YouTube's copyright bots doesn't give it away. The most recent posts there are all written out in Cyrillic, with the earliest post being a picture of a barbequed set of ribs, with the caption "#bbq." Crypto scams have been around for many years. In 2018, for instance, security software developers accidentally came across a network of at least 15,000 Twitter bots working together to perpetuate a similar crypto scam. More on crypto scams: Fake Elon Musks Clutter Twitter with Crypto Scams Share This Article 
Back in 2014, Roscosmos chief Dmitry Rogozin quipped that without Russia, the US might as well "deliver its astronauts to the ISS by using a trampoline" — a reference to how the US had to rely on Russian spacecraft to launch astronauts into space since 2011. Six years later, SpaceX successfully sent two NASA astronauts into orbit from American soil. "The trampoline is working," Musk clapped back at a press conference just hours after the launch. "It's an inside joke." Fuming, Rogozin aired his frustration Monday in a lengthy column for the Russian edition of Forbes. "When our partners finally managed to conduct a successful test on their spacecraft, there were nothing but jokes and mockery directed at us," Rogozin protested, as translated by Reuters. "Our country was the first to send a man into space," Rogozin boasted. "We remain first to this day." Ever since the retirement of NASA's Space Shuttle in 2011, the US had to rely on sending astronauts to the space station aboard Russian Soyuz rockets. It was a costly endeavor, with tickets per seat costing in the neighborhood of $90 million. SpaceX is planning to cut that down to just $55 million, in large part thanks to its reusable rocket and spacecraft designs — but to Rogozin, that discount is a "price dumping" scheme, an economic term referring to the controversial act of selling a good at a much lower than perceived price, with the intent of stamping out the competition. The SpaceX tickets are so cheap, in fact, that NASA is expecting that "cosmonauts will fly on Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner and vice versa," according to NASA spokesperson Stephanie Schierholz, who spoke with Forbes last week — a claim singled out by Rogozin. To Rogozin, it's a confusion of the cost of launch and the price of the launch service, the latter of which is determined by the market. According to him, the cost of launching a Soyuz is lower than Crew Dragon and other American spacecraft such as Boeing's Starliner (which has yet to go to space). On the topic of the Soyuz, Rogozin also raged at NASA and SpaceX's lack of enthusiasm for Russia's ongoing efforts. In the column, Rogozin fumed that NASA should be happy for Russia taking the "colossal moral burden" to preserve the life of the International Space Station for nine years. "Just as the paintings of Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo, Titian have no price, because they are unique and are the property of mankind," Rogozin argued, as translated by Google, "so is Russia giving the Americans the opportunity to preserve the ability to deliver astronauts to the space station." The country is planning to put its best foot forward, he says. "We have a long and continuous national space transport system, we are constantly improving it, while making a new, even more perfect spacecraft," Rogozin added, arguing that Russia's Soyuz rockets have a better safety and reliability track record than American spacecraft. He even likened the Soyuz rocket to "our 'Kalashnikov'" — referring to a line of Russian rifles famed for their reliability even after more modern options arose over time. Rogozin also laid out Russia's grand ambitions to counter SpaceX's emergence as the number one astronaut-ferrying player. For one, he mentioned the development of an "eco-friendly" launch vehicle called Angara, a next-gen Soyuz-5 rocket with two stages, and a reusable methane-based rocket system. He also reiterated that Roscomos is planning to launch a lunar landing mission in the upcoming years. READ MORE: Russia's space chief complains about American jokes [Reuters] More on SpaceX-Russia relations: Elon Musk Just Absolutely Roasted the Russian Space Program Share This Article 
Last month, Tesla decided to reopen its factory in California a week before it struck an agreement with the local county's health department, in defiance of the lockdown. A short time later, several employees were instructed to stay at home after testing positive for the coronavirus, The Washington Post reports. Last month, as the pandemic raged, CEO Elon Musk had what amounted to a complete online meltdown over the halting of production at his company's factory in Alameda County. He repeatedly lashed out via social media, tweeting "FREE AMERICA NOW," and calling quarantine measures "fascist" — moves he may have come to regret, at least to a degree. On May 18, Alameda County agreed on a plan for Tesla to reopen its plant, but with social distancing and other precautions in place. Employees had to work in shifts, wear masks, and limit contact with each other — and Tesla had to report any coronavirus cases to the authorities. But Tesla had already restarted operations a week before that, with Musk joining the frontlines, meaning there could have been more new coronavirus cases at its plant during that one week period before it was required to report them, the Post suggests. A Tesla spokesperson, however, told the newspaper that nobody tested positive during that time — though they also said that if a worker was not a resident of the county, "it’s possible we would not have that case reported to us." Extra health and safety measures seem to have had a pretty minimal effect on daily operations, according to several workers who spoke on the condition of anonymity with the Post. "No social distancing at all when clocking in/out [because] people are … in a hurry to go home or get back to their work station," one worker told the paper. "It’s like nothing but with a mask on." READ MORE: Tesla defied county orders so it could restart production. Days later, workers tested positive for the coronavirus. [The Washington Post] More on Tesla: TESLA SUPPLIER: NEW BATTERY WILL LAST A SHOCKING 1.2 MILLION MILES Share This Article 
Thousands of protests have taken to the streets, largely in the United States but also across the world, to protest police brutality and systemic racism in law enforcement. While many protesters have adhered to social distancing measures and the majority are wearing masks, health officials have raised concerns about whether the demonstrations could trigger a second wave of coronavirus cases, especially in larger cities like New York. But not everybody agrees that protesters are at high risk of spreading the deadly virus. "For those expecting an explosion of cases from protests, I doubt that," wrote Howard Forman, professor of radiology at the Yale School of Medicine, in a recent tweet. "Outdoor events are seemingly low risk." Further complicating matters, the pandemic has started to fade in some areas. New York, for instance, reported its first day with no confirmed coronavirus-related death this week. It's a promising sign that the city of over eight million people is on the long road to recovery — but it's still far too early to tell what the near future will hold. Basically, science simply doesn't have conclusive answers yet. So far, researchers can only offer educated guesses about the risks of protesting during a pandemic. There's a growing consensus that being outdoors is safer than spending time in indoor spaces like shops or malls. Simulations have shown that air conditioning and circulating systems are very effective at moving viral particles around inside indoor environments. But the story is quite different in the outdoors. "The outdoor air dilutes the virus and reduces the infectious dose that might be out there, and if there are breezes blowing, that further dilutes the virus in the air," William Schaffner, an infectious disease expert at Vanderbilt University, told The New York Times. "There was literally a lot of running around, which means [the protesters are] exhaling more profoundly, but also passing each other very quickly," he added. There's also the risk of asymptomatic carriers, who could be protesting without showing any symptoms. And, needless to say, social distancing can't be enforced when you have a police officer kneeling on your neck. "The highest risk activity is being arrested and taken away," Forman added in his tweet. There are a countless number of questions that remain about the risks involved in gathering in large groups during a global pandemic. But one thing is clear: demonizing protesters for making their voices heard about systemic violence that has endangered Black lives for centuries is the wrong way to go. To public health experts, that kind of messaging is a big problem. "Staying at home, social distancing, and public masking are effective at minimizing the spread of COVID-19," reads an open letter penned and signed by infectious-disease experts at the University of Washington, as reported by The Atlantic. "To the extent possible, we support the application of these public health best practices during demonstrations that call attention to the pervasive lethal force of white supremacy." "However, as public health advocates, we do not condemn these gatherings as risky for COVID-19 transmission," the letter reads. "We support them as vital to the national public health and to the threatened health specifically of Black people in the United States." Share This Article 
A new petition, signed by thousands of people, is calling for U.S. president Donald Trump to stop taking credit for SpaceX and NASA accomplishments. The petition was created in response to a recent "Make Space Great Again" video released by Trump's reelection campaign, which included footage of SpaceX's recent successful launch of two NASA astronauts. According to Ars Technica senior space editor Eric Berger, a "lot of people" at both NASA and SpaceX are furious about the ad. "This campaign video, created on June 3rd, implies that the return of crewed launch on U.S. soil is solely to the credit of his Administration," reads the petition. "This implication is untrue; the NASA Commercial Crew Program has been around since the Obama Administration (started in 2011) in its current form, and its roots go back to the Bush Administration." "The implication that any one person was responsible for the SpaceX-NASA Crew Demo-2 launch is an insult to the work of the teams that meaningfully contributed to its success," reads the petition. The 2.5 minute ad was uploaded on Wednesday — and promptly taken down Thursday from a number of social media platforms, according to Space.com. The propaganda-esque video may have broken NASA's advertising regulations on how its astronauts are depicted in the media, but the exact reason why it was taken down is still unclear. The sentiments behind the petition were echoed by Karen Nyberg, a retired NASA astronaut who is married to Doug Hurley, one of the astronauts on board SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft during the company's recent historic launch. "I find it disturbing that a video image of me and my son is being used in political propaganda without my knowledge or consent," Nyberg wrote in a June 4 tweet, referring to a shot of her and her son saying goodbye to Hurley ahead of the launch. "That is wrong." Trump's campaign defended its decision to include footage of the launch, telling Bloomberg that the footage was collected from publicly available resources. According to the Bloomberg, NASA was not made aware of the video prior to uploading. Trump has a history of taking credit for NASA and SpaceX's successes. "There was grass growing through the cracks of your concrete runways — not a pretty sight, not a pretty sight at all," he told reporters at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, where he come to watch SpaceX's historic May 30 launch. "With this launch, the decades of lost years and little action are officially over." What the president failed to note is that the groundwork was laid for NASA's commercial space vehicle program 14 years ago, under president George W. Bush. READ MORE: Trump campaign pulls 'Make Space Great Again' video that may have violated NASA regulations [Space.com] More on SpaceX: Watch SpaceX’s Crew Dragon Dock With the ISS Share This Article 
By tinkering with the genetics of human cells, a team of scientists gave them the ability to camouflage. To do so, they took a page out of the squid's playbook, New Atlas reports. Specifically, they engineered the human cells to produce a squid protein known as reflectin, which scatters light to create a sense of transparency or iridescence. Not only is it a bizarre party trick, but figuring out how to gene-hack specific traits into human cells gives scientists a new avenue to explore how the underlying genetics actually works. It would be fascinating to see this research pave the way to gene-hacked humans with invisibility powers — but sadly that's not what this research is about. Rather, the University of California, Irvine biomolecular engineers behind the study think their gene-hacking technique could give rise to new light-scattering materials, according to research published Tuesday in the journal Nature Communications. Or, even more broadly, the research suggests scientists investigating other genetic traits could mimic their methodology, presenting a means to use human cells as a sort of bioengineering sandbox. That sandbox could prove useful, as the Irvine team managed to get the human cells to fully integrate the structures producing the reflectin proteins. Basically, the gene-hack fully took hold. "Through quantitative phase microscopy, we were able to determine that the protein structures had different optical characteristics when compared to the cytoplasm inside the cells," Irvine researcher Alon Gorodetsky told New Atlas, "in other words, they optically behaved almost as they do in their native cephalopod leucophores." READ MORE: Secret of squid invisibility used to turn human cells transparent [New Atlas] More on gene-hacking: Astrobiologist: We Should Gene-Hack New Traits Into Mars Settlers Share This Article 
Two of Mars' moons, Phobos and Deimos, have mysterious orbits. Deimos in particular, which orbits the Red Planet so closely that it circles the planet three times in just a single Earth day, has astronomers puzzled. Its orbit is at a two degree angle, something that researchers have mostly glossed over — until now. "The fact that Deimos’s orbit is not exactly in plane with Mars’s equator was considered unimportant, and nobody cared to try to explain it," Matija Ćuk, research scientist at the SETI Institute, and lead author of a new preprint presented this week at the 236th Meeting of the American Astronomical Society, said in a statement. "But once we had a big new idea and we looked at it with new eyes, Deimos’s orbital tilt revealed its big secret," Ćuk added. Building on existing research from 2017, the researchers found that Deimos will likely be split up into tiny rocks as it's slowly being pulled towards Mars, forming a ring around the planet. This builds on a theory that previous moons of the Red Planet have already seen their demise, and broken up into rings, over billions of years. The researchers suggest that a "grandparent" moon, 20 times as large as Phobos, could have broken up and reformed twice, creating Phobos the second time around. This outward-moving moon also caused Deimos to start its journey inwards, gradually approaching the Martian surface. This "cyclic ring-moon" theory implies that Deimos is far older than Phobos; billions of years compared to only about 200 million years respectively. It also suggests that Mars had a significant ring around it billions of years ago. But as of right now, it's only a theory. The Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) is planning on visiting both Phobos and Deimos as soon as 2024 to return a sample back to Earth. Only then will we be able to tell more about the origins of the oddball moons — and shed light on the possibility that Mars was once surrounded by a moon-forming ring in the process. READ MORE: Mars' moons may hint that the planet once had rings [CNN] More on Mars: THIS VIDEO OF MARS’ LEAKING ATMOSPHERE COULD MAKE ELON MUSK CRY Share This Article 
We've known for a century that UVC light, a highly energetic shortwave form of UV light, is capable of destroying viruses on a cellular level — and scientists are hopeful the same technology could be used against the coronavirus that causes COVID. China has been leading the charge, using UVC light to clean bank notes, disinfect public buses, and zap viruses inside hospitals. US cities are also following suit, with New York City using it to kill the coronavirus during nightly cleaning procedures of its subway cars. "The results have been very encouraging," David Brenner, director of the Center for Radiological Research at Columbia University, who advised New York's transportation authority on the initiative, told ABC last month. "As scientists, we're going to repeat the studies, we're going to write them up for peer review. But it's certainly looking absolutely that UV light is very efficient for killing this virus." But there are two larger issues with implementing such a technology on a broad scale. First, exposure to UVC light can cause skin irritation and cancer, meaning that they can only be used when nobody is around. And second, current UV radiation sources tend to be expensive and don't last long. Scientists are now racing to find solutions to both of these problems. A team of researchers from Columbia University has found that with a wavelength of 222 nanometers, "far-UVC" rays at the far end of the light spectrum appear to be safe for humans, but are still capable of killing viruses. Many current UVC lights rely on expensive mercury gas, making them bulky and short-lived. LEDs are far simpler and energy efficient, but in their current state, are severely limited in their ability to put out sufficient amounts of UV radiation. To get around that limitation, a different international team of researchers is now investigating if a film made out of strontium niobate, a chemical compound used in a variety of optics, could allow us to build handheld — and cost effective — LED-based light devices that could be used to sanitize surfaces. Share This Article 
Everybody needs a good hobby. When your brain is fully immersed in a pleasant activity, self-consciousness melts away along with stress and anxiety. Which is good. Hobbies can also teach you new things and make you a more well-rounded and interesting person. Also good. But not all hobbies are created equal. Building a five-star island on Animal Crossing or learning Tik Tok dances may check off a few of the things you want in a hobby, but they leave a lot to be desired when it comes to intellectual stimulation. If you want a hobby that’s as educational and enriching as it is entertaining, you need to check out the Flybrix LEGO drone kit from Fat Brain Toys. If you played with LEGOs or any other building blocks as a kid, you probably spent untold hours designing jets, rockets, spaceships, helicopters, and all sorts of other flying vehicles. But of course, none of them actually took flight. Now, thanks to Flybrix, they can. Flybrix is a kit that lets you build real working drones out of LEGOs and fly them around your house using your smartphone as a remote control. The kit was designed to be an exciting and engaging way to introduce core STEM concepts to kids 13 and up. However, kids under the age of 13 can get a lot out of Flybrix if they work with an adult. And of course, there’s no reason why a full grown adult shouldn’t buy a Flybrix LEGO drone kit just for themselves. The system is suitable for total beginners and engineering experts alike. The Flybrix build-your-own LEGO drone kit comes with everything you need to start flying in as little as 20 minutes. It includes a bag of 50+ LEGO bricks, a LEGO figure pilot, 8 quick-connect motors, 8 motor boom arms, 8 propellers, a propeller wrench, a pre-programmed Flybrix flight board PCB, a USB data cord, a LiPo battery, and a USB LiPo battery charger. All you have to do is download the Flybrix Configuration Software and Bluetooth Flight Control App, and you’ll be in the air before you know it. But of course, building your first drone according to specifications is only the beginning. The Flybrix LEGO drone kit is designed for experimentation. The propellers, motors, and circuit board can withstand crash, after crash, after crash. That means you can experiment with your own aircraft designs and propeller configurations until you come up with something totally unique. Then you can do it all over again. Need help with something? Flybrix kits come with access to online instructions and tutorials that can provide all the guidance you need along the way. And the mechanics aren’t the only thing you can experiment with. For those who really want to take their drone engineering to the next level, Flybrix uses an arduino-based hackable circuit board, and there are advanced features within the Flybrix app that let you explore all the possibilities of coding and block-coding. Whether you are looking for an intellectually stimulating new hobby for yourself, or you’re looking to inspire someone you love to take an interest in STEM, the Flybrix LEGO drone kit is pretty much perfect. It will provide untold hours of entertainment while at the same time teaching you essential 21st century technical skills. So don’t wait another second. Order your Flybrix and get building. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
President Donald Trump has started a war with Twitter over the social network's decision to add labels to several of his tweets, noting that one of them "violated the Twitter Rules about glorifying violence" and prominently fact-checking another. But Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg decided that his rival social network will do nothing about Trump's problematic posts — a decision that has many Facebook employees fuming. Now, dozens of employees decided to take the day off as part of a "virtual walkout" to support protests nationwide. "Personally, I have a visceral negative reaction to this kind of divisive and inflammatory rhetoric," Mr. Zuckerberg wrote in a Friday post. “But I’m responsible for reacting not just in my personal capacity but as the leader of an institution committed to free expression." After protests over the police killing of a black man named George Floyd in Minnesota, Trump wrote on Facebook "when the looting starts, the shooting starts," a phrase with a racially-charged history. Trump also referred to protesters as "THUGS" and publicly called for governors to "dominate" activists. Despite those troubling words, Zuckerberg argued that it wasn't Facebook's place to remove the president's posts. "The President later posted again, saying that the original post was warning about the possibility that looting could lead to violence," Zuckerberg added in his Friday post. "We decided that this post, which explicitly discouraged violence, also does not violate our policies and is important for people to see." Facebook employees were appalled. "Facebook’s inaction in taking down Trump’s post inciting violence makes me ashamed to work here," Lauren Tan, Facebook engineer, wrote in a Friday tweet. "Silence is complicity." "I have to say I am finding the contortions we have to go through incredibly hard to stomach," another employee wrote, according to internal messages obtained by The Verge. "Makes me sad and frankly ashamed," another added. Senior staff also dissented. "I'm not alone inside of FB," Jason Stirman, a design manager at Facebook, tweeted on Saturday. "There isn't a neutral position on racism." Senior employees are now threatening to resign if Zuckerberg does not change his mind, The New York Times reported. Just ten days ago, Facebook announced it will allow workers to work at home permanently in light of the coronavirus outbreak. Zuckerberg did announce a $10 million donation "to groups working on racial justice," according to a Monday post. He has also moved his weekly meeting with employees from Thursday to Tuesday, according to the Times. The news comes after a Facebook manager said in November that the company had "a black people problem" where work culture doesn't allow the efforts of black people to be recognized or even acknowledged, as detailed in a memo published to Medium. As of 2019, Facebook's work force is only 3.8 percent black, the Times reports. READ MORE: Facebook Employees Stage Virtual Walkout to Protest Trump Posts [The New York Times] More on Zuckerberg: FACEBOOK WILL PAY MODS $52M FOR TRAUMA FROM GORE, SEXUAL ABUSE Share This Article 
Except for occasional abrasive comments and other potshots, the relationship between NASA and the Russian space agency Roscosmos has remained relatively respectful even in the face of international tension between the two countries. But if a news conference on Saturday is any indication, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk isn't playing nice. First, some backstory. Back in 2014, Roscosmos chief Dmitry Rogozin, quipped that the US might as well "deliver its astronauts to the ISS by using a trampoline" — a reference to how the US had to rely on Russian spacecraft to launch astronauts into space since 2011. But as of Saturday, NASA has a new and cheaper option: SpaceX. And Musk couldn't help but take a jab. "The trampoline is working," Musk said during the conference, hours after his company's Crew Dragon spacecraft successfully carried two NASA astronauts into orbit. Dmitry Rogozin in 2014: "US should use a trampoline to get into space" @elonmusk 2020: "The trampoline is working 🤣" pic.twitter.com/OKu4JF5i0M — Pranay Pathole (@PPathole) May 31, 2020  "It's an inside joke," Musk added. Roscosmos underplayed SpaceX's historic achievement. "We don't really understand the hysteria sparked by the successful launch of a Crew Dragon spacecraft," spokesman Vladimir Ustimenko. "What should have happened a long time ago happened." Rogozin has previously accused SpaceX of unfairly undercutting the competition. "Instead of honest competition on the market for space launches, they are lobbying for sanctions against us and use price dumping with impunity," Rogozin wrote in an April tweet. Rogozin also said that his space agency is "is working to lower prices by more than 30 percent on launch services to increase our share on the international markets," which he framed as an "answer to dumping by American companies financed by the US budget." To Musk, the reason why SpaceX could undercut the competition so significantly was simple. "SpaceX rockets are 80% reusable, theirs are 0%," he wrote in an April tweet. "This is the actual problem." READ MORE: 'Trampoline Is Working': Musk Taunts Russia [The Moscow Times] More on the launch: SpaceX Makes History: Launches NASA Astronauts Into Orbit Share This Article 
SpaceX's Crew Dragon just autonomously docked with the International Space Station, with NASA astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley on board, at 10:16 a.m. EDT. It's a historic moment: the first time in the history of spaceflight that astronauts have made it to orbit — nevermind a space station — inside a commercial vehicle. "Dragon arriving," said NASA commander Chris Cassidy, who's part of the space station's current crew, as the vehicle docked. "Crew Expedition 63 is honored to welcome Dragon and the Commercial Crew program to aboard the International Space Station, Bob and Doug. Glad to have you as part of the crew." While it's a major milestone in SpaceX's Demo-2 mission, both astronauts still have to make it back through the Earth's atmosphere inside the spacecraft and safely return to the surface, after their mission at the space station is finished. Welcome home @AstroBehnken and @Astro_Doug! America’s two favorite dads in space have docked to the @Space_Station. https://t.co/e2KaxtW4Gf — Jim Bridenstine (@JimBridenstine) May 31, 2020  It's a familiar sight: SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft has already autonomously docked with the space station in March of last year — albeit with only a dummy dubbed Ripley on board. On Saturday, NASA astronauts Behnken and Hurley could be seen fist bumping as they reached orbit on board the Crew Dragon after launching from historic Launch Complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The futuristic spacecraft is capable of carrying out the entire docking maneuver by itself, but can also hand over the reins to its human passengers if need be. READ MORE: SpaceX Makes History: Launches NASA Astronauts Into Orbit Share This Article 
A global pandemic couldn't stop them. Storm clouds and downpours may have delayed their first shot at making history, but the second time was the charm. "I'm breathing a sigh of relief, but I will also tell you: I'm not gonna celebrate until Bob and Doug are home safely," NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine said. The launch means that SpaceX has ushered in a new era in space travel, by becoming the first for-profit group to launch human astronauts into orbit inside a commercial spacecraft. Adding to the glamor, it's also the first time astronauts have been sent to the International Space Station from U.S. ground since the retirement of NASA's Space Shuttle program in 2011. NASA astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley fist bumped as they reached orbit on board a Crew Dragon spacecraft atop a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from the historic Launch Complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. Nine minutes later, the spacecraft entered orbit. The reusable first stage of the company's Falcon 9 rocket safely made it back to the surface as well, landing on the drone ship "Of Course I Still Love You" — the space company's signature move. "This is the culmination of a dream," SpaceX CEO Elon Musk told CBS during a Tuesday interview. "This is a dream come true. In fact, it feels surreal. If you asked me when starting SpaceX if this would happen, I’d be like, one percent — 0.1 percent chance." The rocket launch site was originally built to launch NASA's Apollo missions to the Moon and was later modified to launch the agency's Space Shuttle program. And today, of course, it was used by SpaceX. America needs this. — Eric Berger (@SciGuySpace) May 30, 2020  Arrival at the International Space Station (ISS) is slated for Sunday around noon Eastern time. Today's launch is overshadowed by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, which has so far claimed the lives of more than 350,000 people worldwide. Its effects can be seen everywhere, and that includes NASA's operations. Mission Control is closely monitoring the launch while socially distanced from one another in different rooms. Behnken and Hurley had to resort to giving their families a "virtual hug" from six feet away prior to their first attempt on Wednesday — to ensure that the coronavirus won’t make it into space. The launch, dubbed Demo-2, is part of NASA's Commercial Crew program, which first started in 2010. SpaceX and aerospace giant Boeing established themselves as the two companies to go under contract with NASA to develop spacecraft meant to carry US and international astronauts to and from the ISS. SpaceX has an impressive track record. As of March, SpaceX has completed 20 resupply trips to the ISS using its Dragon class cargo spacecraft. Today's launch marks the first time astronauts have ridden aboard the company's passenger variant. SpaceX has already demonstrated the flightworthiness of its Crew Dragon spacecraft by sending it to the ISS last spring — albeit without any astronauts on board. To keep Behnken and Hurley safe, SpaceX developed a rocket-propelled abort system that could carry the spacecraft away from the rocket in case of emergency. A "launch abort" test last September may have ended in a spectacular, but intentional, fireball in the sky — but the test showed that the systems are in place in case anything goes awry. More on the launch: WATCH THE ASTRONAUTS GIVE THEIR KIDS VIRTUAL HUGS BEFORE LAUNCH Share This Article 
Humanity has been using visuals to understand data for centuries, from 17th-century maps to the invention of the pie chart in the early 1800s. Charles Minard's map of Napoleon's Russian campaign in 1812 depicts the size of Napoleon's army, the path of its retreat from Moscow, and ties that information to temperature and time scales for a more intricate understanding of the event. Even in 1812, data — and the clear presentation of it — was important. In today's technological world, data has gotten bigger and more useful, thereby making it even more imperative to create accessible visuals. Data analytics is an essential component of business, guiding organizational decisions. Some business decisions may be made on a hunch, but nearly all successful decisions are based on data. Businesses use data in market research, product research, positioning, customer reviews, sentiment analysis, and much more, making competent data analysts some of the most important people in business today. Beyond the analysis, visualization is equally important. The human brain needs help to identify patterns and trends — spreadsheets don't quite cut it. Even if a data analyst can pull insights from a spreadsheet, communicating those insights to others is significantly more difficult without clear visualizations. Rattling off numbers to a decision-maker won't get you anywhere in a conversation about data and a company's future. Analysis may be the science, but charts and graphs are the art. The average salary for a Data Analyst in the United States is more than $60,000 and Data Analysts and Business Analysts are considered some of the best jobs in America. They're important, high-paying roles that get to deal with challenging problems and come up with innovative solutions on a daily basis. If that sounds like it might be something that interests you, check out The Dynamic Data Scientist Bundle. This comprehensive bundle offers seven courses and 33 hours of instruction in analytics, visualization, preprocessing, and other data science skills. First, you'll get a crash course in advanced data structures, understanding how to code in a multitude of structures that will make you a better programmer. You'll learn some of today's most important data processing tools, including Microsoft Power BI and MATLAB. While learning MATLAB, you'll discover how to use data in machine learning algorithms, creating AI-powered engines that can make recommendations, answer questions, and more. From there, you'll delve into visualization using Python. This powerful, general-purpose programming language will help you automatically plot data and visualize it the way you see it in your head. Working in conjunction with Matplotlib, you'll discover many opportunities and methods for data visualization and learn the technical skills to create plots using Python. After a beginner-friendly course, you'll learn more advanced tactics and discover how to increase customization and create different types of plots. People have been plotting data for centuries, but never has it seemed so crucial to running a business and succeeding in the industry. The Dynamic Data Scientist Bundle will teach you how to use and visualize data effectively so you can get a job as an analyst or run your own company more efficiently. Right now, this bundle is available for just $29.99, more than 90% off the usual price. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
SpaceX had to scrub its first attempt at a historic journey — but it's about to try again. If all goes according to plan — and the weather plays along — two NASA astronauts will hitch a ride on board a Crew Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station at 3:22pm EST on Saturday, May 30, from NASA's Kennedy Space Center. And if that launch gets scrubbed due to weather, it'll be rescheduled for Sunday at 3:00pm EST. If SpaceX succeeds, it will mark the first time astronauts travel to orbit from American soil since the retirement of NASA's Space Shuttle program in 2011. In short, it's a rocket launch you won't want to miss — even if you're socially distancing at home. You can watch continuous coverage about the launch on NASA TV starting at 12:15pm Eastern time on Wednesday. SpaceX will also provide its own live coverage via its website. NASA is also providing space geeks with a "virtual guest experience" as part of its "Launch America" initiative. The experience includes videos about astronaut training facilities, the Space Center's historic Launch Complex 39A, and the design and manufacturing of SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft. READ MORE: SpaceX Demo-2 launch: How to watch live as NASA astronauts head to the ISS [CNET] More on the launch: NASA CLEARS SPACEX CREW DRAGON MISSION FOR LIFTOFF Share This Article 
Music production has come a long way in recent years. With the rise and accessibility of Digital Audio Workstations (DAWs), both aspiring artists and established musicians are able to create hit songs right at home. As such, practically anyone can unleash their passion for music without even leaving the house. And, considering most of us are still stuck at home for the time being, now's the perfect time to try your hand at making music. All it takes is some creativity, the right software, and perhaps a helping hand to guide you along the way. To this end, The Complete Ableton Live 10 Music Production Bundle can show you how to create music at home using one of the most popular DAWs on the market. But, before you start mixing and scratching, it's worth understanding the tech that brought us to this point in music production. In 1980, music was changed forever with the introduction of MIDI. Short for Musical Instrument Digital Interface, MIDI is a technical standard that lets you precisely control each note of your music and where it lands in the soundscape. Pitch, tone, how loud or soft a specific note sounds (called velocity), vibrato, and tempo can all be set to exactly where you want them, note by note. Think of MIDI as a set of instructions to make music, where you can compose a song and then connect it to any instrument and have that instrument play it back flawlessly. In fact, since it's just instructions, you can even embed songs inside the instructions, triggering samples, looping beats, and layering sound over sound as a song progresses. MIDI has made possible everything from live sampling to finding and matching the beat and groove of a song. If you ever marvel at how a DJ mixes two songs that seem so wildly different, MIDI helps make it happen. While DJing as we know it had been rising since the 1970s, MIDI made it more accessible and opened the door to new tools. However, MIDI also enables more complex techniques that have changed how songs are written and recorded; sequencing, which lets you copy and paste a passage of music, and even composing to sheet music underwent enormous changes as composers could now demonstrate precisely how each note sounds. It even gives DJs the tools to "warp" live tracks to keep the tempo consistent when mixing, so you don't have to leave those classic records in the crate. Ableton Live 10 serves as an interface to give you a handle on all this power, and this complete $30 training bundle will also guide you through the basics of production, so even if you're completely new to recording music, by the end of the six courses and 220 lessons, you'll have a full grasp of the process. The Complete Ableton Live 10 Music Production Bundle starts with the basics, showing you the Ableton interface, its multitude of instruments, how sound synthesis works, and getting the most out of the samples you choose. You'll then learn how to record, from what hardware to use to get the right effect to how to "warp" tracks to achieve the right effect (especially useful for live songs). Once you've mastered the basics, you'll start working with actual sessions in Ableton to learn the ins and outs of production and editing, taking apart a produced track to understand exactly what goes into it and why, and then experimenting with it. From there you'll learn about synthesis and sampling and move onto DJing techniques, including audio effects, and finally how to use professional DJ hardware to make your own beats, whether live or at home, with DJ James Patrick discussing live techniques. Even the most analog musician can improve their recording, and even if you only listen to music, learning how a track is built, polished, and then taken apart will give you a greater appreciation of the work that goes into the songs you love. Dive headfirst into this exciting technology and unleash your creative potential with The Complete Ableton Live 10 Music Production Bundle. While it normally retails for upwards of $1,000, you can get it on sale now for only $29.99, more than 90% off the usual price. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On Wednesday, SpaceX was set to launch a pair of NASA astronauts into space for the first time, before less-than-favorable weather conditions forced Mission Control to scrub the historic launch. The Elon Musk-led space company put on a big show. Clad in futuristic space suits courtesy of SpaceX, NASA astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley got the red carpet treatment as they made their way to a NASA logo-adorned Tesla Model X that drove them to the historic launch complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. But not everybody is happy with the glamorous spacesuit design. "A boxy white top with minor detailing, paired with boxy white pants with minor detailing?" GQ contributing writer Tyler Watamanuk wrote in a recent article for the men's lifestyle magazine, condemning SpaceX's design choices. "This is the International Space Station, not Everlane!" Watamanuk added, pointing out that "in some ways, the design feels deliberately trend-adverse, paying no mind to contemporary style or even the larger world of design." "It looks like car upholstery," Gizmodo staff reporter Whitney Kimball wrote in a post. "It looks like Tron. It looks like a half-finished Power Ranger. It looks like a Tesla-sponsored NASCAR tracksuit." Other fashionistas were kinder to the design. "Actually, what the SpaceX suits evoke most of all is James Bond’s tuxedo if it were redesigned by Tony Stark as an upgrade for ['Star Trek' captain] James T. Kirk’s next big adventure," Vanessa Friedman, chief fashion critic for The New York Times, wrote in a Thursday commentary piece. "They do not have the dangling hoses, knobs and wires of the traditional suits," she added. The suit's designer is Jose Fernandez, a Hollywood veteran who worked on movies including "The Avengers" and "Batman v Superman." The flashy design was reverse-engineered to meet space travel requirements — not the other way around. But speaking of dangling hoses and knobs, NASA's own take for its upcoming Artemis missions to the Moon looks strikingly different. The agency's Orion Crew Survival System suit features a traffic pylon-orange design with NASA-blue trim. The boots look like a pair of futuristic Adidas. The helmet evokes the Apollo missions. And the gloves could basically be worn snowboarding, from a purely aesthetic point of view. It's liquid cooled, custom-fitted to each astronaut, and features a survival kit including a life preserver, rescue knife, flashlight, whistle, and light sticks. In short, it's a freakin' space suit that's ready for anything. Function takes precedence over form; it was designed to look like a space suit — not a tuxedo. READ MORE: Hey, SpaceX: We Deserved a Cooler Space Suit [GQ] More on SpaceX: Mission Control Is Socially Distancing During Today’s SpaceX Launch Share This Article 
At the end of April, the artificial intelligence development firm OpenAI released a new neural net, Jukebox, which can create mashups and original music in the style of over 9,000 bands and musicians. Alongside it, OpenAI released a list of sample tracks generated with the algorithm that bend music into new genres or even reinterpret one artist's song in another's style — think a jazz-pop hybrid of Ella Fitzgerald and Céline Dion. It's an incredible feat of technology, but Futurism's editorial team was unsatisfied with the tracks OpenAI shared. To really kick the tires, we went to CJ Carr and Zack Zukowski, the musicians and computer science experts behind the algorithmically-generated music group DADABOTS, with a request: We wanted to hear Frank Sinatra sing Britney Spears' "Toxic." And boy, they delivered. An algorithm that can create original works of music in the style of existing bands and artists raises unexplored legal and creative questions. For instance, can the artists that Jukebox was trained on claim credit for the resulting tracks? Or are we experiencing the beginning of a brand-new era of music? "There's so much creativity to explore there," Zukowski told Futurism. Below is the resulting song, in all its AI-generated glory, followed by Futurism's lightly-edited conversation with algorithmic musicians Carr and Zukowski. Futurism: Thanks for taking the time to chat, CJ and Zack. Before we jump in, I'd love to learn a little bit more about both of you, and how you learned how to do all this. What sort of background do you have that lent itself to AI-generated music? Zack Zukowski: I think we're both pretty much musicians first, but also I've been involved in tech for quite a while. I approached my machine learning studies from an audio perspective: I wanted to extend what was already being done with synthesis and music technology. It seemed like machine learning was obviously the path that was going to make the most gains, so I started learning about those types of algorithms. SampleRNN is the tool we most like to use — that's one of our main tools that we've been using for our livestreams and our Bandcamp albums over the last couple years. CJ Carr: Musician first, motivated in computer science to do new things with music. DADABOTS itself comes out of hackathon culture. I've done 65 hackathons, and Zack and I together have won 15 or so. That environment inspires people to push what they're doing in some new way, to do something provocative. That’s the spirit DADABOTS came out of in 2012, and we've been pushing it further and further as the tech has progressed. Why did you make the decision to step up from individual hackathons and stick with DADABOTS? Where did the idea come from for your various projects? CJ: When we started it, we were both interns at Berklee College of Music working in music tech. When I met Zack — for some reason it felt like I've known Zack my whole life. It was a natural collaboration. Zack knew more about signal processing than I did, I knew more about programming, and now we have both brains. What's your typical approach? What's going on behind the scenes? CJ: SampleRNN has been our main tool. It's really fast to train — we can train it in a day or two on a new artist. One of the main things we love to do is collaborating with artists, when an artist says "hey I'd love to do a bot album." But recently, Jukebox trumped the state of the art in music generation. They did a really good job. SampleRNN and Jukebox, they're similar in that they're both sequence generators. It's reading a sequence of audio at 44.1k or 16k sample rate, and then it's trying to predict what the next sample is going to be. This net is making a decision at a fraction of a millisecond to come up with the next sample. This is why it's called neural synthesis. It's not copying and pasting audio from the training data, it's learning to synthesize. What’s different about them is that SampleRNN uses "Long Short Term Memory" (LSTM) architecture, whereas the jukebox uses a transformer architecture. The transformer has attention. This is a relatively new thing that’s come to popularity in deep learning, after RNN, after LSTM. It especially took over for language models. I don’t know if you remember fake news generators like GPT-2 and Grover. They use transformer architecture. Many of the language researchers left LSTM behind. No one had really applied it to audio music yet — that’s the big enhancement for Jukebox. They're taking a language architecture and applying it to music. They’re also doing this extra thing, called a "Vector-Quantized Variational AutoEncoder" (VQ-VAE). They're trying to turn audio into language. They train a model that creates a codebook, like an alphabet. And they take this alphabet, which is a discrete set of 2048 symbols — each symbol is something about music — and then they train their transformer models on it." What does that alphabet look like? What is that "something about music?" CJ: They didn't do that analysis at all. We're really curious. For instance, can we compose with it? Zack: we have these 2048 characters, and so we wonder which ones are commonly used. Like in the alphabet we don't use Zs too much. But what are the "vowels?" Which symbols are used frequently? It would be really interesting to see what happens when you start getting rid of some of these symbols and see what the net can do with what remains. The way we have the language of music theory with chords and scales, maybe this is something that we can compose with beyond making deepfakes of an artist. What can that language tell us about the underlying rules and components of music, and how can we use these as building blocks themselves? They're much higher-level than chords — maybe they're genre-related. We really don’t know. It would be really cool to do that analysis and see what happens by using just a subset of the language. CJ: They've come up with a new music theory. Well, it sounds like the three of us have a lot of the same questions about all this. Have you started tinkering with it to learn what's going on? CJ: We've just got the code running. The first example is this Sinatra thing. But as we use this more, the philosophical implications here are that as musicians, we know intuitively that music is very language-like. It's not just waves and noise, which is what it looks like at a small scale, but when we're playing we're communicating with each other. The bass and the drummer are in step, strings and vocals can be doing call-and-response. And OpenAI was just like "Hey, what if we treated music like language?" If the sort of alphabet this algorithm uses could be seen as a new music theory, do you think this will be a tool for you two going forward? Or is it more of an oddity to play around with? CJ: Maybe I should correct myself. Instead of being a music theory, these models can train music theory. Zack: The theory isn't something that we can explain right now. We can't say "This value means this." It's not quite as human interpretable, I guess. CJ: the model just learns probabilistic patterns, and that's what music theory is. It's these notes tend to have these patterns and produce these feelings. And those were human-invented. What if we just have a machine try to discover that on its own, and then we ask it to make music? And if it's good at it, probably it's learned a good quote-unquote "music theory." Zack: An analogy we thought of: Back in the days of Bach, and these composers who were really interested in having counterpoint — many voices moving in their own direction — they had a set of rules for this. The first melodic line the composer builds off is called cantus firmus. There was an educational game new composers would play — if you could follow the notes that were presented in the cantus firmus and guess what harmonizing notes were next, you’d be correct based on the music of the day. We're thinking this is kind of the machine version of that, in some ways. Something that can be used to make new music in the style of music that has been heard before. I know it's early days and that this is speculative, but do you have any predictions for how people might use Jukebox? Will it be more of these mashups, or do you think people will develop original compositions? CJ: On the one hand, you have the fear of push-button art. A lot of people think push-button art is very grotesque. But I think push-button art, when a culture can achieve this — it’s a transcendent moment for that culture. It means the communication of that culture has achieved its capacity. Think about meme generators — I can take a picture of Keanu Reeves, put in some inside joke and send it to my friends, and then they can understand and appreciate what I'm communicating. That's powerful. So it is grotesque, but it's effectual. On the other side, you'll have these virtuosos — these creators — who are gonna do overkill and try to create a medium of art that's never existed before. What interests us are these 24/7 generators, where it can just keep generating forever. Zack: I think it's an interesting tool for artists who have worked on a body of albums. There are artists who don't even know they can be generated on Jukebox. So, I think many of them would like to know what can be generated in their likeness. It can be a variation tool, it can recreate work for an artist through a perspective they haven’t even heard. It can bend their work through similar artists or even very distantly-stylized artists. It can be a great training tool for artists. You said you'd heard from some artists who approached you to generate music already — is that something you can talk about? CJ: When bands approach us, they’ve mostly been staying within the lane of "Hey, use just my training data and let's see what comes out — I'm really interested." Fans though, on YouTube, are like "Here's a list of my four favorite bands, please make me something out of it." So, let's talk about the actual track you made for us. For this new song, Futurism suggested Britney Spears' "Toxic" as sung by Frank Sinatra. Did the technical side of pulling that together differ from your usual work? CJ: This is different. With SampleRNN, we're retraining it from scratch on usually one artist or one album. And that's really where it shines — it's not able to do these fusions very well. What OpenAI was able to do — with a giant multimillion-dollar compute budget — they were able to train these giant neural nets. And they trained them on over 9,000 artists in over 300 genres. You need a mega team with a huge budget just to make this generalizable net. Zack: There are two options. There's lyrics and no lyrics. No lyrics is sort of like how SampleRNN has worked. With lyrics it tries to get them all in order, but sometimes it loops or repeats. But it tries to go beginning to end and keep the flow going. If you have too many lyrics, it doesn’t understand. It doesn't understand that if you have a chorus repeating, the music should repeat as well. So we find that these shorter compositions work better for us. But you had lyrics in past projects that used SampleRNN, like "Human Extinction Party." How did that differ? CJ: That was smoke and mirrors. Zack: That was kind of an illusion. The album we trained it on had vocals, so some made it through to. We had a text generator that made up lyrics whenever it heard a sound. In a lot of these Jukebox mashups, I've noticed that the voice sounds sort of strained. Is that just a matter of the AI-generated voice being forced to hit a certain note, or does it have something more to do with the limitations of the algorithm itself? Zack: Your guess sounds similar to what I'd say. It was probably just really unlikely that those lyrics or the phonemes, the sounds themselves of the words, showed up in a similar way to how we were forcing it to generate those syllables. It probably heard a lot more music that isn't Frank Sinatra, so it can imagine some things that Frank Sinatra didn't do. But it just comes down to being somewhat different from any of the original Frank Sinatra texts. When you were creating this rendition of Toxic, did you hit any snags along the way? Or was it just a matter of giving the algorithm enough time to do its work? CJ: Part of it is we need a really expensive piece of hardware that we need to rent on Amazon Cloud at three dollars per hour. And it takes — how long did it take to generate, Zack? Zack: The final one I had generated took about a day, but I had been doing it over and over again for a week. You have so little control that sometimes you just gotta go again. It would get a few phrases and then it would lose track of the lyrics. Sometimes you'd get two lines but not the whole chorus in a row. It came down to luck — waiting for the right one to come along. It could loop a line, or sometimes it could go into seemingly different songs. It would completely lose track of where it was. There are some pretty wild things that can happen. One time I was generating Frank Sinatra, and it was clearly a chorus of men and women together. It wasn't even the right voice. It can get pretty ghostly. Do you know if there are any legal issues involved in this kind of music? The capability to generate new music in the style or voice of an artist seems like uncharted territory, but are there issues with the mashups that use existing lyrics? Or are those more acceptable under the guise of fair use, sort of like parody songs? CJ: We're not legal people, we haven’t studied copyright issues. The vibe is that there's a strong case for fair use, but artists may not like people creating these deepfakes. Zack: I think it comes down to intention, and whatever the law decides they’ll decide. But as people using this tool, artists, there's definitely a code of ethics that people should probably respect. Don't piss people off. We try our best to cite the people who worked on the tech, the people who it was trained on. It all just depends how you're putting it out and how respectful you're being of people's work. Before I let you go, what else are you two working on right now? CJ: Our long-term research is trying to make these models faster and cheaper so bedroom producers and 12-year-olds can be making music no one's ever thought of. Of course, right now it's very expensive and it takes days. We're in a privileged position of being able to do it with the rented hardware. Specifically, what we're doing right now — there's the list of 9,000-plus bands that the model currently supports. But what's interesting is the bands weren't asked to be a part of this dataset. Some machine learning researchers on Twitter were debating the ethics of that. There are two sides of that, of course, but we really want to reach out to those bands. If anyone knows these bands, if you are these bands, we will generate music for you. We want to take this technology, which we think is capable of brand-new forms of creativity, and give it back to artists. More on DADABOTS: Researchers Trained a Neural Net Using a Cannibal Corpse Album Share This Article 
Ten years ago, anyone with a computer and an Internet connection could mine cryptocurrency. And that meant anyone with a computer and an Internet connection could take an active role in the democratization of money, while also creating a little bit of it for themselves. Unfortunately, crypto mining is not that simple anymore. The more successful a cryptocurrency becomes, the more computing power you need to mine it. As a result, mining currently requires specialized computers called mining rigs, not to mention the expertise and time to build and run them. That makes it very difficult for regular people to do. Luckily, a Los Angeles-based tech startup is out to flip this narrative and make mining cryptocurrency accessible again. They are called Coinmine, and their flagship product, the Coinmine One, is a total game changer for anybody who wants to mine cryptocurrency. For those who need a little refresher about crypto mining, let’s start at the beginning. Cryptocurrency is basically digital money. In order to ensure that people can't simply duplicate their digital money, as well as ensure that digital money is safe from hackers, all transactions and ownership of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum are recorded in public ledgers that anyone can see. Transactions are clumped together into “blocks” of data, and these blocks are then added to the end of an ever-expanding chain of other blocks containing all previous transactions. This is called the blockchain, it’s an ingenious cyber security solution that is literally changing the world. So who performs the work of recording and verifying transactions, then adding blocks of them to the public ledger permanently? That task belongs to the cryptocurrency users called “miners.” But because people don't work for free, cryptocurrencies have built-in incentives to get people to do it. Every time a miner verifies a transaction, they get a small transaction fee. And every time a block gets added to the blockchain, a new currency is created and awarded to the owner of the computer that solved the math problem. These days, you’re probably not going to build a fortune by mining popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum. The biggest mining paydays come when you solve the math problems that allow blocks to be added to blockchains. But you have to be the first one to solve it, and it's a race against millions of other miners. For Bitcoin, an individual computer's chances of being the first to solve a blockchain problem are about 1 in 13 trillion. To put that in perspective, you’re about 40,000 times more likely to win the lottery. However, there's still money to be made from verifying transactions. And over time, that can start to add up. Where you can make a lot of money by mining is with newer, less established cryptocurrencies. Because there are fewer people mining them, there is less competition, and you earn more per block added. Units of newer cryptocurrencies won't be worth very much. But if you amass a lot, and the value rises over time, you stand to make a considerable chunk of virtual change. Unfortunately, a lot of people missed the boat with Ethereum because mining was already too complicated for the average person. But now, thanks to the Coinmine One, you'll never have to miss out on the next big thing again. The Coinmine One is a specialized mining computer called an Application-Specific Integrated Circuits, or ASIC. While there are plenty of other ASICs on the market, what sets the Coinmine One apart is its ease of use and its affordability. This powerful, quiet, energy-efficient device is easier to set up than a Playstation and costs less than a new iPhone. To set up the Coinmine One, all you do is plug it in, download the Coinmine app for your phone, create an account, connect the device to your wifi, and that's it. You are ready to start mining cryptocurrencies. The Coinmine One can mine popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum. However, Coinmine founder Farbood Nivi insists the Coinmine One is as much about the future of mining as it is the present. "It's about what's coming,” Nivi explained to the Los Angeles Times, "and not missing out on the new promising networks like you missed out on bitcoin and ethereum in the early days." That's why, in addition to Bitcoin and Ethereum, the Coinmine One can also mine newer cryptocurrencies like Monero, Grin, and Zcash. And the plan is to add other up-and-coming cryptos as they pop up. Of course, while waiting around for the next crypto gold rush, the Coinmine One still offers a lot of perks for Bitcoin users. For starters, it lets you earn bitcoin by routing transactions over the Bitcoin Lightning Network. It also lets you send bitcoin almost instantly, and at almost no cost. Best of all, you can actually earn interest on all crypto you mine when you store it in your Coinmine wallet, with rates starting at 6.5% APR. And with the Coinmine app, you can easily switch between currencies depending on which is more profitable on a day-to-day or even an hour-to-hour basis. If you've always wanted to try crypto mining, the Coinmine One is the perfect way to get started. It was developed with financial backing from some of the biggest names in crypto, including Coinbase, the world's most popular cryptocurrency exchange. It's simple, affordable, and easy to use. And you get discounts when you buy more than one. So don't let the revolution pass you by. Click here to learn more about the Coinmine One right now. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Who doesn’t love a great video game? Whether you’re simply relaxing with some Tetris on your phone after a long day or you’re glued to your gaming chair in an epic showdown with your friends on a digital battlefield, games inevitably make life much more enjoyable—allowing us to remove ourselves from a monotonous reality and put our imaginations in charge. And while it’s common knowledge that a passion for coding and graphic design can pay off handsomely in the world of app and website development, not as many people realize that these skills can be applied equally as well in the world of game development and design. Long gone are the days when you needed to be hired by a fancy and established gaming conglomerate in order to make serious cash creating multiplayer digital realms, and thanks to a growing number of increasingly powerful and affordable development platforms it’s now possible to create incredibly popular and best-selling games from the comfort of your couch. There’s also never been a better time to earn either an active or passive income from building games for a variety of mediums. In 2019, the gaming industry generated total revenue of over $150 billion—with a large portion of the revenue going to first-generation developers working either alone or for small startups. And with over 50% of gamers choosing to play primarily on their computer, there’s an unprecedented opportunity to create games using a series of programming languages and tools that are easy to learn—as opposed to the more esoteric languages that are used for brand-specific gaming systems like Nintendo. Despite the fact that creating pro-level video games has never been easier, you’ll still need to have the right instruction if you want to build something that people actually want to play, regardless of whether you’re interested in turning this into a full-fledged career or simply an entertaining side hustle. That’s where the School of Game Design comes in. Ideal for both aspiring game developers and more seasoned pros looking to expand their skill set, this extensive training resource is packed with a massive trove of lessons and tools that will help you build a variety of games for multiple platforms, and a lifetime membership is on sale for over 95% off at just $49. Unlike most development and game design bundles that simply introduce you to the code you need along with a few tips on how to troubleshoot bugs, the School of Game Design offers hands-on training that has been curated for developers of all skill levels. Trusted by over 75,000 students and led by a team of expert instructors with years of experience in the field, this training lets you learn at your own pace, and the step-by-step training videos can be accessed on all of your devices at any time. Your training will revolve primarily around the Unity3D development platform—a go-to tool for game designers working in a variety of genres that’s both incredibly powerful and surprisingly intuitive for beginners. Through over 120 hours of lessons, you’ll learn how to create pro-level 2D and 3D games in Unity from scratch, publish your creations online in order to generate revenue, utilize advanced animation and computer modeling techniques in order to bring your characters and landscapes to life, and much more. There’s also instruction that walks you through all the coding skills you’ll need to get started, and you’ll have access to lessons that teach you how to develop and fine-tune your digital artistry skills as well. This subscription even grants you unlimited access to royalty-free game art and textures that are worth thousands of dollars and will save you countless hours on your builds, and it’s easy to receive direct support from instructors and professionals with over 16 years of game industry experience if you need some help along the way. Turn your love of gaming into a career with a lifetime membership to the School of Game Design. Usually priced at nearly $6,000, this top-rated training package is available for just $49 today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Using state-of-the-art astronomical instruments, an international team of researchers has confirmed the existence of Proxima b, an Earth-like planet that's orbiting the closest star to our solar system, Proxima Centauri. "Confirming the existence of Proxima b was an important task, and it's one of the most interesting planets known in the solar neighborhood," Alejandro Suarez Mascareño, lead author of  a paper about the research published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics, said in a statement. They found that Proxima b is 1.17 times the mass of Earth, smaller than the older estimate of 1.3 times. It orbits its star in just 11.2 days. Nailing down the mass of a distant planet with such precision is "completely unheard of," said 2019 Nobel Prizer winner Michel Mayor, who laid the groundwork for the technology that made the discovery possible, in the statement. Proxima b was first discovered in 2016 using HARPS (High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher), a planet-hunting spectrograph mounted to one of the telescopes at the European Southern Observatory at the La Silla Observatory in Chile. The scientists were able to hone in on the planet with ESPRESSO, a new generation spectrograph also at the observatory in Chile, which boasts three times the precision as HARPS. "We were already very happy with the performance of HARPS, which has been responsible for discovering hundreds of exoplanets over the last 17 years," Francesco Pepe, astronomy professor at the University of Geneva, Switzerland, and leader of ESPRESSO. "We're really pleased that ESPRESSO can produce even better measurements, and it's gratifying and just reward for the teamwork lasting nearly 10 years," Pepe, who also co-authored the paper, added. Even though Proxima b orbits its star at such a close distance, it still receives about the same amount of energy from it that Earth does from the Sun. And that has astronomers excited about the potential of finding alien life. But there's some bad news: Proxima Centauri tends to bombard any planets in its vicinity with a ferocious amount of X rays — Proxima b receives about 400 times the amount as Earth receives from its Sun. That leads to the question: "Is there an atmosphere that protects the planet from these deadly rays?" asked co-author Christophe Lovis, a researcher who worked on ESPRESSO, in the statement. Lovis hopes that the next generation of spectrographs — ESPRESSO's successor, "RISTRETTO," is already in the works — could help us find the answer. For us to get a closer look at Proxima b however, Proxima Centauri is "only" 4.2 light-years from the Sun — meaning it would still take several thousand years to get there using today's propulsion technology. READ MORE: ESPRESSO confirms the presence of an Earth around the nearest star [University of Geneva] More on Proxima: SCIENTISTS FIND EVIDENCE OF SECOND PLANET ORBITING CLOSEST STAR Share This Article 
In 2018, 14 million people were victims of identity fraud, and that's just in the US. As our lives shift more online, identity theft, record breaches, and other crimes are becoming more commonplace. In turn, that means there's a rising demand for white-hat hackers, the security experts and penetration testers dedicated to keeping cybercriminals at bay, and it's never been easier to join their ranks with the Ultimate 2020 White Hat Hacker Certification Bundle.   Just like in an old Western, the good guys in computer security are the "white hats" and the bad guys are the "black hats." The official term is "ethical hacking," and ethical hackers guard your security every day, in ways you might not notice. We need ethical hackers because even the best systems have flaws, and the more complex a system is, the more likely flaws, especially subtle ones, can slip through the cracks. For example, in 2018, a pair of related vulnerabilities named Spectre and Meltdown were discovered that had been present, but unnoticed, for two decades. If it hadn't been for the white hat teams digging not just into the code on their computers, but the very design of those computers, that bug may have sat there for another two decades, waiting to go off. That said, there's more than just safety involved. Major companies can lose billions to malicious hackers, so they're investing in security. Major companies and governments pay tens of thousands in "bug bounties" to researchers and others who find mistakes and problems in the platforms we use. Some are penetration testers ("pentesters"), who put security systems to the test by trying to breach them. Furthermore, it isn't a job that requires a computer science degree. One of the most famous hackers in the world, Kevin Mitnick, is a master of "social engineering," manipulating the people and people-driven systems around computer networks to breach them. If you're intrigued by how systems work, and how people think about them, you're halfway to being a white hat already. And if you're already coding, learning white hat techniques will help you fix problems before they're found, meaning less time spent patching and more time spent building better code. The Ultimate 2020 White Hat Hacker Certification Bundle delves into all the skills you need to get started keeping people safe online. First, you'll learn how hackers work and a full overview of the security process from end to end across four courses. Most malicious hackers are simply looking for easy targets and will use the same techniques and approaches again and again until they work, so knowing those makes them easier to stop. Along the way, you'll learn common mistakes and vulnerabilities to watch out for, and the different challenges presented by network security, anonymous browsing, and end-point vulnerabilities. Then, you'll learn how security analysis tools are built-in Python and for the web, before moving on using those tools to perform pen-testing, using examples built on real-world security and teaching you how to breach and document the errors and how to scan networks for potential access using Nmap. Finally, you'll learn how to test the security of a server starting from the basics all the way to complex network attacks and then how to apply all that you've learned to the CompTIA CySA+ Cybersecurity Analyst and CompTIA PenTest+ certification exams, so you can put your work on your resume. Black hats are always going to be a problem. But they don't have to make life on the internet miserable, as long as we've got white hats to keep them out. Take the first step to joining their ranks with the Ultimate 2020 White Hat Hacker Certification Bundle, only $39.90 today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
SpaceX and NASA may have to scrub their historic launch to the International Space Station this afternoon, not due to the pandemic — but because of bad weather. At 10 am, the Air Force’s 45th Weather Squadron, the unit in charge of monitoring the weather near NAS's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, said that a low pressure system could "threaten the Space Coast with showers and thunderstorms this afternoon," in an update. Launch window status: Wet pic.twitter.com/DPFDPKkh6l — Christian Davenport (@wapodavenport) May 27, 2020  The launch has not yet been postponed at the time of writing. If successful, today's demonstration launch will mark the first time astronauts have launched to orbit from American soil in nearly a decade. NASA and SpaceX have set alternative launch windows for 3:22 p.m. EDT on Saturday, May 30, and 3 p.m. EDT on Sunday, May 31. The goal is to launch NASA astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley on board SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station from NASA's Kennedy Space Center. Launching astronauts not only requires the weather at the launch site to play along, but ocean waters at multiple possible splashdown sites across the Atlantic also have to be calm, just in case Behnken and Hurley need to make an emergency landing. And if recent weather reports are anything to go by, the ocean isn't exactly calm. Earlier today, tropical storm Bertha made landfall on South Carolina's coast, the second named storm before the official start of 2020's Atlantic hurricane season. SpaceX is no stranger to delaying its launches. The first launch of its massive Falcon Heavy rocket had to be postponed multiple times in 2017 and 2018. Its Starship prototype "Starhopper" also saw plenty of delays leading up to its first test. The news comes after NASA cleared SpaceX for liftoff on May 22 after completing a Flight Readiness Review. SpaceX has already demonstrated the flightworthiness of its Crew Dragon spacecraft by sending it to the ISS last spring — albeit without any astronauts on board. READ MORE: SpaceX may launch today, but weather is a huge concern [Ars Technica] More on the launch: NASA CLEARS SPACEX CREW DRAGON MISSION FOR LIFTOFF Share This Article 
This morning's NASA briefing, leading up to SpaceX's historic Crew Dragon launch known as Demo-2, looked a little different. There were no crowds and no cheers; just a bare media room with NASA leaders spread six feet apart. If the launch is successful, the tireless workers who made it happen won't even be able to embrace each other in Mission Control — a melancholy reflection of the global pandemic that isn't lost on NASA leadership. "I remember fondly Demo-1, I remember fondly the Launch Abort Test, and this room was absolutely packed," said NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine during his opening comments. Demo-1 was SpaceX's successful, albeit uncrewed, launch of its Crew Dragon spacecraft last spring. The Launch Abort Test last September ended in a spectacular, but intentional, fireball in the sky. "And here we are today, in an empty room, talking to cameras," he added. "And all of us are six feet apart." Sobering image of how different this launch will be from what we envisioned pic.twitter.com/2pE0DddgsO — Loren Grush (@lorengrush) May 20, 2020  The ongoing pandemic means that this year, massive crowds won't be gathering near the NASA Kennedy Space Center to watch history in the making. In fact, NASA asked the public not to travel to the Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. "We think it’s in the best interest of the agency and in the best interest of the nation if people join us by watching from home," Bridenstine urged people during a press conference late last month. The same caution will be present in the control room, where workers be working to ensure the safety of NASA astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley during their journey to the International Space Station. Both pilots have been in quarantine since May 13. "We need to make sure we are separating people as much as possible," Steve Stich, deputy manager of NASA’s Commercial Crew Program, said during a press call earlier this month, as reported by The Verge. "We’re looking at all the things where we can practice the guidelines for social distancing, and at the same time, launch this very important mission to the International Space Station." The people inside Mission Control are now spread out, according to The Verge, with many operators in different rooms. Work stations are frequently disinfected. See-through plastic barriers have been set up to further separate them. It's a sobering reminder of the devastating effects of the pandemic. But if all goes well, SpaceX will have achieved something great — with or without social distancing in effect. READ MORE: How SpaceX and NASA are launching astronauts into space during a pandemic [The Verge] More on the launch: Here’s How to Watch SpaceX Launch NASA Astronauts Into Orbit Share This Article 
Astronomers say that a massive disk galaxy from the ancient universe, known as the "Wolfe Disk," should never have existed. "Most galaxies that we find early in the universe look like train wrecks because they underwent consistent and often 'violent' merging," Max Planck Institute for Astronomy researcher Marcel Neeleman said in a statement. "These hot mergers make it difficult to form well-ordered, cold rotating disks like we observe in our present universe." But according to a paper published in the journal Nature today, Neeleman's team used the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chile to discover that the Wolfe Disk was far too orderly by 1.5 billion years after the Big Bang — defying what astronomers believe about the ancient universe. "While previous studies hinted at the existence of these early rotating gas-rich disk galaxies... we now have unambiguous evidence that they occur as early as 1.5 billion years after the Big Bang," Neeleman said in the statement. The discovery gets even more intriguing. Using data from the National Science Foundation's Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array (VLA) and the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope, astronomers found that the strange galaxy formed stars at ten times the rate of our own galaxy. The astronomers have some suggestions that could explain the unusual galaxy's existence and its prowess in producing stars. "We think the Wolfe Disk has grown primarily through the steady accretion of cold gas," Xavier Prochaska, professor of astronomy at the University of California and co-author, explained in the statement. "It must be one of the most productive disk galaxies in the early universe." The "cold-mode accretion" theory could point toward the possibility that some galaxies could get a "cold start," allowing them to begin star formation far earlier than previously thought possible. Galaxies that form through "hot-mode accretion," as dictated by conventional wisdom, take time to cool down before they can start forming stars. Whether the gas involved in the creation of the earliest galaxies was hot or cold has been a controversial subject for decades, according to Scientific American. The new discovery could provide evidence for galaxies forming at an earlier stage through cold gas. But that still leaves one big mystery: "Still, one of the questions that remains is how to assemble such a large gas mass while maintaining a relatively stable, rotating disk," Prochaska added. READ MORE: Astronomers Get Earliest Ever Glimpse of Ancient Giant Galaxy [Scientific American] More on galaxies: Astronomers: Something Is Warping Our Entire Galaxy Share This Article 
If you have a phone number, you're probably bombarded by scammers, spammers, telemarketers, and robocalls on a daily basis. In fact, you're probably resigned to the fact that they’re an inevitable part of life. But in fact, there’s a way to eliminate them entirely with a one-time payment of as little as $10 per device. It’s called Uncall, and you can get started right now for free. The first step in securing your phone number with Uncall is to submit your phone number for a free “rough analysis” that will tell you how many online registries have your number. These registries, some of which are located on what’s known as the “dark web,” are how telemarketers and scammers get phone numbers to do their annoying work. This analysis will tell you if you'll benefit from Uncall’s services before you commit. After that, if you decide to sign up for Uncall, it will cost you just $15 per number you wish to secure. And if you secure five or more numbers, that price goes down to $10 per device. To be clear, that’s not a monthly or even annual fee, but a one-time payment that will grant the user lifetime protection from unwanted calls, texts, and voicemails. How does Uncall accomplish this? They do it through a variety of methods, some more complicated than others. The simplest is to contact the legitimate, or “white-hat,” phone number registries, and have your number removed. This can be easier said than done for members of the general public, as anyone who’s ever tried to get their number removed from a list on their own can attest. But Uncall has proven methods for doing so effectively.  But as was mentioned before, there are other, less legitimate registries on the dark web where your phone number can become a target for scam artists. Uncall has contacts associated with these “black-hat” registries that can help mark your number as a “bad conversion” (phone registry lingo for numbers that are a waste of time to call), or remove them from the list entirely. The end result? Spammers and phishers become a thing of the past, at least as far as your phone number is concerned. So if you’re sick of your phone being a bulls-eye for scammers, spammers, phishers, and anyone else with access to the various phone registries scattered across the Internet, head over to Uncall's official site right now for a free rough analysis of your phone number. The peace and quiet that follows will be priceless. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
For the first time in history, oil prices went negative last month due to plummeting demand and oil traders running out of space to store their oil. As a result, some oil and gas companies are now resorting to desperate measures. They've reportedly started to pay buyers to take oil off their hands — and in some instances, have even started pumping it back into the ground, the Texas Observer reports. The oil isn't going back to precisely where it came from. Instead, producers are exploring options to store it in underground geological formations that can hold oil and liquefied gas. Earlier this month, a local oil and gas regulator temporarily gave the industry permission to store oil in unconventional underground formations, according to the Observer. The move did not allow for a comment period or a public hearing, shocking local environmental groups. Making matters worse, the regulator had to roll back state regulations that were in place to ensure groundwater was not being contaminated. "Allowing storage in these other formations obviously raises a lot of concerns for both environmental health and the health of our aquifers," Emma Pabst, from the think tank Environment Texas, told the Observer. READ MORE: With Storage Space Evaporating, the Oil and Gas Industry Will Get to Put Its Products Back Underground [The Texas Observer] More on oil: FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER, THE PRICE OF OIL IS NOW NEGATIVE Share This Article 
Researchers say they've created a proof-of-concept bionic eye that could surpass the sensitivity of a human one. "In the future, we can use this for better vision prostheses and humanoid robotics," researcher Zhiyong Fan, at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, told Science News. The eye, as detailed in a paper published in the prestigious journal Nature today, is in essence a three dimensional artificial retina that features a highly dense array of extremely light-sensitive nanowires. The team, led by Fan, lined a curved aluminum oxide membrane with tiny sensors made of perovskite, a light-sensitive material that's been used in solar cells. Wires that mimic the brain's visual cortex relay the visual information gathered by these sensors to a computer for processing. The nanowires are so sensitive they could surpass the optical wavelength range of the human eye, allowing it to respond to 800 nanometer wavelengths, the threshold between visual light and infrared radiation. That means it could see things in the dark when the human eye can no longer keep up. "A human user of the artificial eye will gain night vision capability," Fan told Inverse. The researchers also claim the eye can react to changes in light faster than a human one, allowing it to adjust to changing conditions in a fraction of the time. Each square centimeter of the artificial retina can hold about 460 million nanosize sensors, dwarfing the estimated 10 million cells in the human retina. This suggests that it could surpass the visual fidelity of the human eye. Fan told Inverse that "we have not demonstrated the full potential in terms of resolution at this moment," promising that eventually "a user of our artificial eye will be able to see smaller objects and further distance." Other researchers who were not involved in the project pointed out that plenty of work still has to be done to eventually be able to connect it to the human visual system, as Scientific American reports. But some are hopeful. "I think in about 10 years, we should see some very tangible practical applications of these bionic eyes," Hongrui Jiang, an electrical engineer at the University of Wisconsin–Madison who was not involved in the research, told Scientific American. READ MORE: A new artificial eye mimics and may outperform human eyes [Science News] More on bionic eyes: SCIENTISTS PLUGGED A BIONIC EYE DIRECTLY INTO THIS WOMAN’S BRAIN Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. As any scientist – amateur or otherwise – will tell you that science is happening all around us. But any decent scientist needs equipment to carry out their experiments. Luckily, MEL Chemistry from MEL Science delivers as many as three experiments per month to your door, which is perfect for science-hungry kids, or anyone with an interest in performing scientific experiments at home. Once you subscribe to MEL Chemistry, you’ll get a monthly package full of everything you need to learn about a particular scientific subject. A subscription costs less than $35 a month, and includes a free MEL Starter Kit (pictured below) with all the basic equipment you’ll be using in your studies. The Starter Kit includes the following: Once you’ve got the starter kit, you have 28 more chemistry sets to look forward to, each one with multiple experiments inside. This includes “Artificial Sea” with its chemical seaweed and chemical jellyfish experiments, and “Chemistry & Light” which will teach you about glowing minerals and chemical nebulae. There are 28 chemistry kits and dozens of separate experiments in all, all for $34.90 per month if you sign up for a nine-month subscription. That will cost you $298.40 for all nine months, with the free starter kit and no extra shipping or handling fees. That’s a discount of $15.70 compared to the month-to-month plan. And if you want to save even more, you can sign up for a 12-month subscription for $376.90. One last freebie is the included certificate that documents the fact that your child has paid their dues in the chemical experiment trenches. And if you’re purchasing a MEL Chemistry subscription as a gift, you’ll be able to print this certificate out and present it to the amateur scientist whenever you want. To purchase a subscription or to just get more information on all of the MEL Chemistry sets and their accompanying specific experiments, head over to the MEL Science site , today. Share This Article 
Scientists may have caught the first-ever pictures of a planet being born around a young star, using the European Southern Observatory’s Very Large Telescope (ESO’s VLT). The stunning images show swirls of dust and gas spiraling around the star system AB Aurigae, about 520 light-years, from Earth and the "twist," where astronomers suspect a planet is forming. According to an ESO statement, the research is likely the first direct evidence of a baby planet being born. "Thousands of exoplanets have been identified so far, but little is known about how they form," Anthony Boccaletti from the Observatoire de Paris in France and lead author of the study published in Astronomy & Astrophysics today said in the statement. "We need to observe very young systems to really capture the moment when planets form." Emmanuel Di Folco of the Astrophysics Laboratory of Bordeaux (LAB), France and co-author of the study, likened the circulating ripples to "the wake of a boat on a lake." The scientists believe the twist at the center of the image marks the spot where the baby planet could be forming. A couple years ago, scientists managed to take images of spiral arms of gas surrounding a star that scientists believe were early evidence of planet formation — but the "twist" at the center adds something new to the story. "The twist is expected from some theoretical models of planet formation, "Anne Dutrey, another co-author from the LAB, said in the statement. "It corresponds to the connection of two spirals — one winding inwards of the planet’s orbit, the other expanding outwards — which join at the planet location." The swirls allow gas and dust to collect — and allow planets to form and grow. Scientists are hoping that a more powerful telescope will allow astronomers to get an even better look. "We should be able to see directly and more precisely how the dynamics of the gas contributes to the formation of planets," Boccaletti said. READ MORE: ESO Telescope Sees Signs of Planet Birth [ESO] More on planet formation: Beautiful Images Show Planets Starting to Form Share This Article 
Douglas Loverro, the head of NASA's human spaceflight office, just resigned after an unspecified scandal, Politico reports — a mere week before SpaceX is scheduled to launch NASA astronauts from American soil for the first time since 2011. According to a letter obtained by Politico, Loverro said he left "with a very, very heavy heart" after making a "mistake" during his seven months at the space agency. His predecessor Bill Gerstenmaier, in contrast, led NASA's human spaceflight division for almost 15 years. "The risks we take, whether technical, political, or personal, all have potential consequences if we judge them incorrectly," Loverro wrote. "I took such a risk earlier in the year because I judged it necessary to fulfill our mission." Long story short, we have no idea what Loverro's "mistake" was. Two industry officials told Politico that he was pushed out by NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine, but Loverro denied that claim. "Now, over the balance of time, it is clear that I made a mistake in that choice for which I alone must bear the consequences," he wrote in he letter, stating that his resignation was due to his own "personal actions" and had nothing to do with what "we accomplished together." Lawmakers are now racing to find out what really happened. Representative Kendra Horn (D-OK) voiced her distress via a statement to Politico. "I am deeply concerned over this sudden resignation, especially given its timing," she said. "Under this administration, we've seen a pattern of abrupt departures that have disrupted our nation's efforts at human space flight." The timing is indeed immensely eyebrow-raising. Next week, SpaceX is planning to send its Crew Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station with NASA astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley on board — a potentially historic launch that NASA and SpaceX should be celebrating. "The bottom line is that, as the committee that oversees NASA, we need answers," Horn added. The media is also struggling to make sense of the abrupt departure. Ars Technica space journalist Eric Berger told Business Insider that the drama was more likely related to the nearly $1 billion worth of lunar-lander contracts that were recently announced. "To be clear: Loverro's resignation actually had nothing to do with SpaceX's Demo-2 mission as far as I can tell," Berger tweeted Tuesday. "But it's safe to say we can expect more drama over the next eight days." READ MORE: 'We need answers': Departure of NASA's human spaceflight chief raises alarm [Politico] More on Crew Dragon: SPACEX IS SETTING UP CREW DRAGON FOR ITS FIRST HUMAN SPACEFLIGHT Share This Article 
Few software programs are more ubiquitous than Microsoft Excel in the modern workplace. Initially released in 1987 as a refreshingly intuitive and universal spreadsheet platform, Excel has gone through multiple revisions that have drastically improved its performance and scope, and you’d be hard-pressed to find an office or workplace in virtually any industry that doesn’t rely on this tool in some capacity. And, it’s not just in the modern office that Microsoft Excel has earned its reputation as a number-crunching powerhouse. Individuals ranging from freelancers to tech entrepreneurs are becoming increasingly reliant on Excel in order to manage personal finances, build business plans, track investments, and more—and although countless imitators and competing platforms have been released in Excel’s wake, none have managed to perform at the same level. Given Excel’s universal reach, you’ve likely at least dabbled with the program at some point in your career, either in a traditional office setting or in the comfort of your own home. But you’ve also only likely scratched the surface of what this incredibly powerful program can do, and if you want to be competitive in an increasingly data-driven world while also streamlining your at-home workflow, it’s time to take your Excel skills to the next level. With the Premium A to Z Microsoft Excel Bundle Ft. Alan Jarvis & Chris Dutton, you’ll be able to quickly transform yourself from a run-of-the-mill Excel novice into a full-fledged pro—through training that will help you stay organized, launch a business, develop your career, and much more. Here are just some of the benefits you can gain from being able to utilize the more advanced elements of Microsoft Excel with this training: 1. Hit your personal goals - Excel’s unparalleled organizational workflow is perfect for setting and hitting both short-term and long-term goals, thanks to a series of powerful spreadsheets and charts that will help you visualize, break down, and simplify your plans for the future. 2. Start a business - Turning that great idea into a profitable business requires the kind of data analysis and organization that only Excel can offer, and with the right training you’ll quickly learn how to create everything from detailed financial plans to employee payrolls with the click of a button. 3. Build advanced calendars - Online and app-based calendars are fine when it comes to planning for simple events, but Excel will allow you to take your personal and family planning to the next level—through a series of tools that make it easy to build incredibly specific and color-coded calendars that will have you scheduling payments, games, trips and more like a true pro. 4. Track expenses - Being able to properly track a variety of expenses is of the utmost importance if you want to run a household or a successful business, and Excel’s plethora of ready-to-use financial tools and visual aids take the headaches out of this notoriously tedious process. With ten courses and over 30 hours of easy-to-follow training led by two top-rated instructors, the Premium A to Z Microsoft Excel Bundle will help you do all of this and much more via instruction that walks you through everything from the absolute basics of the platform to its most advanced elements and tricks. You’ll have unlimited access to courses that will teach you how to supercharge your productivity, build pie charts that can simplify complex data, use PivotTables in order to perform advanced calculations used by financial professionals, and much more. If you already have a general understanding of Excel’s basic functions and tools, it’s easy to skip ahead to the more advanced modules that cover topics ranging from macros and VBA programming to PivotCharts and tax accounting, and there are plenty of real-world examples to help you along the way. If you settle for just a surface-level understanding of Excel, you're missing out big time. The Premium A to Z Microsoft Excel Bundle Ft. Alan Jarvis & Chris Dutton will turn you into an organized data wizard through nearly 800 lessons of detailed training, and the entire bundle is currently available for just $39.99—over 95% off its usual price. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
By playing around with mud in a special laboratory that simulates the Martian surface, an international team of researchers found that the Red Planet is likely covered in strange mud volcanoes. "Next time we see something that looks like a lava flow, we cannot be sure that it is lava — it could be mud," lead author Petr Brož, from the Czech Academy of Sciences' Institute of Geophysics, told New Scientist of the new research. "You probably need ground truth, to send a rover or an astronaut with a hammer to take a sample and be sure." The origins of volcano-like landforms on the Martian surface have puzzled scientists for a while. Through these new experiments, though, they concluded that "mud volcanism can explain the formation of some lava-like flow morphologies on Mars," as detailed in a paper [link?] published in the journal Nature Geoscience. In the paper, the team details how they used the Mars Chamber, a small vacuum system at the UK's Open University that attempts to simulate the planet's extremely cold and low pressure conditions — albeit failing to account for its lower gravity — to see how mud behaves as it trickles down inclines. "You'll look at some features [from space] and you won't know for sure whether they are the result of lava flows or mud flows," lead author Petr Brož from the Czech Academy of Sciences' Institute of Geophysics, told the BBC. "Without a geologist on the ground to hit them with a hammer, it will be hard to tell." Rather than ending in 'drips' as we know them on Earth, the mud created strange and jagged shapes. "The skin on the fluid freezes, but this flow is thick enough that the inside remains fluid," Manish Patel, lecturer at the Open University, and  co-author of the study, told the BBC. "So the skin will stop the flow for a bit, but then the momentum from the fluid inside breaks through at weak points in the skin, and the flow propagates forward." This contradicts the previously held belief that argued "the entire flow would freeze in seconds and it would stop moving," as Brož told New Scientist. The process appears to have plenty of similarities with "pahoehoe," lava flows commonly found on Hawaii that are characterized by smooth and undulating surfaces. "It's a cooling skin that forms before hot material bursts through," Patel told the BBC. The team also experimented with other conditions, for instance when temperatures on the Martian surface rocket to as high as 20 degrees Celsius (68 Fahrenheit). Under low pressure, the mud started boiling vigorously, "jumping over the surface as if levitating," as Brož told the BBC. READ MORE: Mars: Mud flows on Red Planet behave like 'boiling toothpaste' [BBC News] More on Mars: ASTROBIOLOGIST: WE SHOULD GENE-HACK NEW TRAITS INTO MARS SETTLERS Share This Article 
Through no fault of your own, you're probably spending a lot more time at home. And chances are, you're getting sick of a lot of the mind-numbing entertainment options being offered by the major online streaming platforms. If that's the case, and you're looking for something a little more intellectually stimulating, you need to check out Curiosity Stream. It's the best streaming platform out there for educational yet entertaining content. And right now, you can get thousands of hours of award-winning science, technology, history and nature programming for less than $1 per month. Curiosity Stream is easily worth as much as a Netflix or Hulu account to anyone who enjoys watching documentaries and educational programming. But right now you can get an entire year of the service for less than $12, which is a hard price to pass up. A year’s worth of Curiosity Stream normally costs $19.99 per year or, or $2.99 per month for the monthly plan. This gives you access to thousands of documentaries and series covering nearly any subject you can imagine, including history, physics, quantum mechanics, outer space travel, dinosaurs, time travel, and microbiology. If you’re interested in our world, our galaxy, or our universe, there’s plenty of material for your viewing pleasure to be found on Curiosity Stream. And all of it is held to the same high standards you might fondly recall from the golden age of basic cable channels like Discovery Channel or The Learning Channel, before they focused on reality TV and other less fulfilling programming. Unlike a lot of other streaming platforms, Curiosity Stream has no regional restrictions of any kind, which means that no matter where you roam, you’ll have access to its entire library of films and shows, including acclaimed Curiosity Stream originals like Stephen Hawking’s Favorite Places, in which the late physicist takes viewers on a tour of his favorite places in the entire universe. And, in an important point for anyone who’s dealing with bored children, there’s an entire section of programming just for kids, too. If you’re a videophile, you’ll be pleased to know that the standard Curiosity Stream plan - which, again, can be yours for just $11.99 for an entire year - offers all of its programming in high definition. But the ultra-HD 4K plan, which allows much of the platform’s library to really pop visually, is also being offered at an annual discount. What normally costs $69.99 per year is currently priced at just $41.99 per year, a steal if you have the home theater setup for 4K content. Finally, there’s a streaming platform that you won’t feel guilty about watching for hours and hours of programming. So whatever your home theater setup maybe, you’ll definitely want to head over to Curiosity Stream’s official site to take advantage of this deal. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
NASA just released a new set of voluntary regulations that it hopes will guide humanity toward a future of peaceful, collaborative space exploration. Unfortunately, it has no power to enforce them. Like other attempts at space legislation, adherence to the Artemis Accords would be purely symbolic and voluntary. The Artemis Accords, as they're called, are available to read here. Overall, according to Science Alert's analysis, the Accords set out guidelines for how both government space agencies and private spaceflight companies ought to operate when it comes to scientific discovery, resource extraction, and operational transparency. They present an idealized vision of the future that could help reverse humanity's increasingly militarized presence in orbit — though, again, there are no space cops to enforce any of this. The set of guidelines are heavily inspired by the Outer Space Treaty of 1967, which sought to promote peaceful space exploration in the midst of the Cold War. Technically, the guidelines would apply to private companies like SpaceX. But, of course, corporations have rarely succeeded at regulating their own behavior. The Accords also encourage public and private space groups to be fully transparent about their scientific discoveries, to preserve historic sites like where previous Moon landings occurred, and to register all activities in space to allow for global coordination. "International cooperation on Artemis is intended not only to bolster space exploration but to enhance peaceful relationships between nations," the Accords read. "Therefore, at the core of the Artemis Accords is the requirement that all activities will be conducted for peaceful purposes, per the tenets of the Outer Space Treaty." READ MORE: NASA Just Released The Artemis Accords - Guidelines For Humans to Abide by in Space [Science Alert] More on space law: Astrobiologist: Humans Are Going to Ruin Outer Space Share This Article 
Decades of research have found that learning a second language has both short-term and long-lasting cognitive benefits, regardless of age, including language proficiency, social skills, and a broader awareness of other cultures. Not only that, but it can also open the door to new opportunities at work, potentially help with neurological health, and lead to a better understanding of other cultures. Want to bring these benefits into your life? You can get started with Beelinguapp, which uses a unique mix of audiobooks and karaoke techniques in 14 languages to give you a total language immersion experience. And, lifetime subscriptions are on sale now for only $39.99. Learning a new language is often played off as something you do in school, and too hard to do in "real life." That's not quite true: An MIT study found that it's easier to learn a new language, but that the real key is practice. The more time you put in to learn a language, regardless of your age, the better your results. So what about the perpetually busy world we live in? It turns out that this might work in your favor. Researchers have found that regular, short bursts of study, called "the spacing effect," are more effective for retaining and using knowledge in the long term. And taking a break to focus on another task can help you come back refreshed and ready to focus. Finally, one of the more effective methods of learning a new language is what's called "two-way" immersion, where you teach your language to someone who, in turn, teaches you theirs. The trick is finding somebody to talk to. That's where Beelinguapp comes in, using three techniques to help you learn while supporting proficiency in reading, listening, and speaking a new language. When you start a lesson on the app, it puts up two text windows, one in your native language, and the other in the language you want to learn. The sentence is highlighted in both languages, and you can click on a sentence to have it played back to you at any time. It also uses stories and texts you're familiar with to settle you in and give you a point to compare. As you get more proficient, you can switch between the windows instead to test out your comprehension or speak sentences aloud. Meanwhile, a native speaker reads the story. The audio can be independent of the visuals, so you can shut off your screen and play it back to test your comprehension on a run or while commuting. Listening and speaking are both fundamental to developing proficiency; one study found that doing both had substantial benefits for overall comprehension. This way you can practice both, speeding up comprehension and learning how to sound out the tougher words. The karaoke styling isn't just to help you keep your place and compare words, Karaoke has been found to help reading comprehension, and as you become more comfortable with your speech, you can read along using the karaoke, allowing you listen and speak at the same time. As you wind the audio forward and back, the highlights move with it, so you can find and repeat difficult sentences.   There are endless demands on our time, no matter what we choose to focus on. Yet choosing to learn a new language, whether you want to get ahead at work or just be good enough to help your kids with their language class homework, will be time well spent. Set yourself up for success by getting Beelinguapp while it's on sale. You can get a lifetime subscription right now for only $39.99, 60% off the usual price. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
From hacking our brains with Neuralink to having an AI do our homework, we're living on the cutting edge of some seriously incredible tech innovations. But, if there's one technology that everyone should be keeping a close eye on, it's blockchain. Chances are you're already somewhat familiar with blockchain, or, at the very least, have heard of Bitcoin, its perhaps most famous application. For those needing a refresher, a blockchain is a decentralized digital ledger that can be used to record transactions. It's most notoriously used for cryptocurrency, but developers are exploring how to use the technology in other ways, like confirming the origins of jewelry and even powering Dubai. In addition to these use-cases, blockchain is being explored as a powerful tool for creating solutions in the world of finance, logistics, and even healthcare. This is all to say that blockchain has a bright future ahead, and it's not too late to get in on the ground floor. The Complete Blockchain & Ethereum Programmer Bundle can get you started with 10 cutting-edge courses that explore the power of blockchain and Ethereum, one of its most promising technologies. And, the best part? Futurism readers can get lifetime access to the entire collection for only $29 right now. Here's a look at what's inside: As mentioned earlier, blockchain is good for far more than just cryptocurrency, and this course is all about getting you up to speed with the other ways it can be used. Learning from blockchain consultation and development company We2Blocks, you'll get a deep dive into how blockchain can be used to create solutions in the worlds of finance, healthcare, media, real estate, and more. Packing a whopping 77 hours of content into a single course, this training is your ultimate introduction to the world of blockchain and its many applications. Jump in, and you'll learn just what blockchain is, its limitations, and how you can employ the technology in your own legacy systems. Developers stand to make serious money creating blockchain applications, and this course takes you through creating your own with the Hyperledger Composer framework. In a matter of hours, you'll learn about blockchain programming and even develop a supply chain application using Hyperledger Composer. Of course, this blockchain training wouldn't be complete without including a look at cryptocurrency. Unlike other crypto courses out there, this one is led by a bona fide pro. Award-winning MBA professor, top-selling author, and former Goldman Sachs employee Chris Haroun takes you through the essentials for crypto mining, investing, and more with zero experience required. Blockchain technology is poised to change the world as we know it, and The Complete Blockchain & Ethereum Programmer Bundle offers readers to perfect introduction to this field before it explodes. While the collection would usually run you close to $2,000, Futurism readers can get it today for an absolute steal. Sign up now for $29 and start exploring the vast world of blockchain today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Biologist Ana Sofia Reboleira from the University of Copenhagen's Natural History Museum of Denmark discovered a previously undocumented species of fungus that likes to ride on the surface of millipedes — and named it after something equally disgusting. It's new official Latin name: troglomyces twitteri, an ode to the social media platform that allowed it to be discovered. Reboleira discovered the fungus while looking at a picture of a North American millipede uploaded to Twitter by colleague Derek Hennen, a researcher at Virginia Tech. Tiny dots on the surface of the millipede first caught her attention. "I could see something looking like fungi on the surface of the millipede, Reboleira said in a statement. "Until then, these fungi had never been found on American millipedes. So, I went to my colleague and showed him the image. That's when we ran down to the museum's collections and began digging." In a new paper published in the journal MycoKeys, Reboleira and her colleagues describe how the fungus can puncture the millipede's shell so that half of it still sticks out. The fungus is part of an order called labouls, a poorly-understood order of species. The researchers are hoping the discovery could shed new light on these tiny organisms and their relationship with their host. To summarize: keep sharing your cool nature photos and pay attention to the details! Now if you'll excuse me, I have some millipedes to examine for parasitic fungus. pic.twitter.com/yPKYJKZJiP — Derek Hennen, Ph.D. (@derekhennen) May 15, 2020  "As far as we know, this is the first time that a new species has been discovered on Twitter," Reboleira said. "It highlights the importance of these platforms for sharing research - and thereby being able to achieve new results." It's a type of discovery more pertinent than ever. "I hope that it will motivate professional and amateur researchers to share more data via social media," she added. "This is something that has been increasingly obvious during the coronavirus crisis, a time when so many are prevented from getting into the field or laboratories." READ MORE: Funky, new parasitic species named after Twitter, where it was discovered [CNET] More on fungi: These Researchers Want You to Live In a Fungus Megastructure Share This Article 
It's no secret that COVID-19 has rocked the world of many. Whether it be through layoffs, a whole new world of working (or school-ing) from home, or just general boredom, the new normal is, well, a far cry from what most of us consider "normal." So, while we wait for llamas to save us from this global pandemic, it's not a terrible idea to do something worthwhile with all this extra time. If you're looking for ways to make a career change, earn some supplemental income while stuck at home, or just continue living this remote work lifestyle, a career in graphic design is a safe, smart next step. And it's surprisingly easy to learn. After all, graphic designers are still in high demand at companies of every kind, and one suite of software still reigns supreme across the globe: Adobe Creative Cloud. The All-in-One Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Certification Course Bundle gives you 60 hours of instruction on all the most important design apps, like Photoshop, Lightroom, InDesign, and more, all for under $35. Considering that some people pay thousands for an entire degree in this field, that's a pretty great steal. Here's a peek at some of the courses included in the bundle: Photoshop: The World's Most Popular Photo Editing Software Taught to You from A to Z You can kick things off with a course that promises to take you from zero to photo editing hero by mastering all of the essential tools in this supremely popular photo editing software. Learn the basics of retouching, color adjustments, shapes, and creating graphics with different blend models. And, once you've mastered all that, you'll move on to a more advanced Photoshop course that will teach you all the must-know shortcuts and workflows the pros use to save you hours while editing images. Edit Images to Impress! Learn Lightroom Classic CC by Doing Real-Time Work You'll also get familiarized with Lightroom, Photoshop's newer companion app used by professional photogs everywhere, so you can turn your raw images into spectacular photos. This tutorial will cover adjusting lights and contrasts, color grading, skin retouching, final touch-ups, and how to use presets to make your photos look like all of those Insta-worthy shots that have been populating your feed. Logo Design Mastery In Adobe Illustrator Of course, graphic design is about so much more than photo editing, so naturally, many of the courses will cover the "design" portion more in-depth. Whether you want to work as a freelancer, at a hip agency, or as an in-house employee, you'll probably need to know how to create a logo at some point in your career. Plus, you'll need to learn the best practices that come along with working directly with your clients in order to bring their vision and brand to life (and trust us, it's a lot harder than it sounds.) Adobe Premiere Pro CC Masterclass: Video Editing Made Easy Of course, we can't leave out one of the most popular forms of digital media right now — video. Whether you're making marketing videos for clients, short ads for your company, or a branding video to promote yourself on social media, you'll want to use the best software around. Adobe Premiere Pro definitely fits that bill. With this easy-to-follow course, you'll be well on your way to editing videos like the pros. Basically, you'll be able to do it all, and for less than the cost of a nice meal at your favorite restaurant. And since you can't go there anyway, truly, what's the risk? Grab The All-in-One Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Certification Course Bundle today for just $33.99. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A new video shows what it would look like if four rocket types were transparent during liftoff and stage separation — even showing how the fuel drains as the rockets keep firing. The fascinating animation compares the following four rockets from left to right: The video color-codes a number of different rocket fuel types being used up by the rockets' various stages. NASA's upcoming SLS will mix both LH2 and LOX to produce a massive amount of energy — and water. Due to the extremely low density of LH2, NASA's SLS would need a gigantic fuel tank. To mitigate that, designers gave the rocket two boosters on either side, a design derivative of NASA's retired Space Shuttle. Both SpaceX's Falcon Heavy and the Saturn V use a refined version of kerosene as a first stage, a stage that gets jettisoned at a certain altitude. Burning kerosene comes with a heavy toll on the environment as burning it creates immense amounts of carbon dioxide — a problem that could be compounded if SpaceX's plan to launch a rocket every two weeks ever comes to fruition. The animator behind the video even thought to include a tiny little red Tesla Roadster — a car famously launched into space in 2018 by SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. Editor's note 5/14/2020: A previous version of this story wrongly stated that SpaceX's Heavy Falcon will carry NASA astronauts into space later this month. It will in fact be a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket. READ MORE: If Rockets were Transparent [YouTube] More on rockets: Dock a SpaceX Spacecraft to the ISS in This Amazing Simulator Share This Article 
The future is rooted in coding skills, even if coding isn't in the job description. An analysis of the job market found that 65% of "non-tech" jobs were "hybrids,"  – jobs that didn't specifically need a computer science degree, yet job-seekers were expected to have at least some knowledge of coding. And the evidence doesn't stop there. A Brookings Institute study found that, between 2002 and 2016, jobs requiring "minimal" digital skills plunged from 56% of all jobs to just 30%, while jobs requiring advanced skills had risen from 5% to 23% of all jobs. Even if you only work with Excel functions, understanding computer science is increasingly the way to get ahead and get hired. The 2020 Premium Learn To Code Certification Bundle puts ten courses exploring web development, machine learning, data mining, and more at your fingertips and on your resume. The included courses would normally cost $2,300 total if purchased individually but are available in this bundle for just $39. Here's a taste of a few other included courses: HTML5 and CSS are the core competencies for website design and maintenance. Even drafting simple sales emails and embedding videos in blog entries is easier if you have a grasp of how their code functions and interacts. If you work in marketing or sales, you'll need to use them to incorporate customer relationship management (CRM) tools, build custom sales emails, and polish blog entries, And if you're looking for a career switch, HTML and CSS are a good starting point to get a handle on the basics of coding. In this bundle you'll build web projects alongside the instructor, to get hands-on experience with the basics of the web and learn the day-to-day code you need. Once you understand the basics, you can move onto the third leg of the web development stool, JavaScript. While you find JavaScript primarily in web design, it's made inroads into other areas of computer science, such as server frameworks, allowing you to step into the broader world of coding projects with two courses that take you from very beginner to full-stack developer able to work on any aspect of a site. Python is one of the more commonly used languages in computer science, and you'll learn to execute the programs, run the algorithms, and develop the data structures that underpin everything from HR software to accounting functions. You'll also learn Django, based on Python, which lets you incorporate apps and tools into websites centered around databases with ease, which makes adding features like file uploads, contact forms, and more an easier process. Once you've got the basics down, you can start practicing with more complex work. The bundle includes deep learning coursework with Keras to get started with neural networks and machine learning; an advanced Python course that teaches you how to leverage your Python knowledge to mine and process large amounts of data; a beginner's guide to R, the preferred language for processing statistics and creating graphics such as geospatial information system (GIS) maps; and build-along projects in Flutter and Dart to teach app development. Combined, the course features 195 hours of instruction, divided into over 1,400 lessons, taking you across all the most common uses of coding in the workplace. Whether you want to build a website that funnels leads to the right salespeople, want to draw on the massive archive of data your company has collected to find trends and patterns to head in a new direction, or simply want to better understand what your coworkers do, you'll find it in here. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of scientists at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston has developed a brain implant that allows both blind and sighted participants "see" the shape of letters. As detailed in a new paper published in the journal Cell, the device works by skipping the eye and relaying visual information from a camera straight to electrodes implanted in the brain. It's a step toward a "visual prosthetic" that would allow the blind to fully regain vision — though such a device is likely still many years out. But what the researchers created is nonetheless remarkable: participants were able to "see" the outlines of shapes, thanks to complex sequences of electrical pulses sent to their brains. "When we used electrical stimulation to dynamically trace letters directly on patients' brains, they were able to 'see' the intended letter shapes and could correctly identify different letters," senior author Daniel Yoshor from the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston said in a statement. "They described seeing glowing spots or lines forming the letters, like skywriting." The new device differs from previous visual aids that treated each electrode like a pixel. "Rather than trying to build shapes from multiple spots of light, we traced outlines," first author Michael Beauchamp, professor at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, said in the statement. "Our inspiration for this was the idea of tracing a letter in the palm of someone's hand," Beauchamp added. Such a device could have a major impact on the lives of the blind and visually impaired. "The ability to detect the form of a family member or to allow more independent navigation would be a wonderful advance for many blind patients," Yoshor told Live Science. But the development of the device is still in its early stages, as the brain is an extremely complex organ. "The primary visual cortex, where the electrodes were implanted, contains half a billion neurons," Beauchamp said in the statement. "In this study we stimulated only a small fraction of these neurons with a handful of electrodes." Therefore "an important next step will be to work with neuroengineers to develop electrode arrays with thousands of electrodes, allowing us to stimulate more precisely," he added. "Together with new hardware, improved stimulation algorithms will help realize the dream of delivering useful visual information to blind people." Share This Article 
The Pentagon has released new information about a series of fascinating encounters between US Navy pilots and unidentified flying objects. The "hazard reports" include details about the size and shape of the "unidentified aerial phenomena." "The unknown aircraft appeared to be small in size, approximately the size of a suitcase, and silver in color," reads a report describing a 2014 incident. At the time, the Navy aircraft "passed within 1000 [feet] of the object, but was unable to positively determine the identity of the aircraft." A different report, in 2013, describes another object that "had an approximately 5 foot wingspan and was colored white with no other distinguishable features. Due to the small size, the aircraft was determined to be a [unidentified aerial system]." The report noted that the objects could be drones, although no nearby operators could be identified. The news comes after a series of UFO videos surfaced thanks to a 2017 investigation by The New York Times. The three videos showed strangely shaped objects zipping across the surface of the ocean, while others appeared to shoot up into the sky without any apparent methods of propulsion. Last month, the pentagon finally formally released the three unclassified videos, noting that "after a thorough review, the department has determined that the authorized release of these unclassified videos does not reveal any sensitive capabilities or systems." "[The Department of Defense] is releasing the videos in order to clear up any misconceptions by the public on whether or not the footage that has been circulating was real, or whether or not there is more to the videos," Sue Gough, a Defense Department spokeswoman, told CBS News last month. "The aerial phenomena observed in the videos remain characterized as ‘unidentified.'" Just over a year ago, the US Navy also announced it started working on new guidelines for its personnel to report sightings and other encounters with “unidentified aircraft,” as Politico reported at the time. READ MORE: Newly released incident reports detail US Navy's 'UFO' encounters [CNN] More on the mysterious videos: PENTAGON OFFICIALLY RELEASES THREE UFO VIDEOS Share This Article 
Software developer Epic Games, the company behind "Fortnite," just released the first look at Unreal Engine 5, the next generation of its popular game engine — and it looks genuinely spectacular. Epic Games' flashy new demo, "Lumen in the Land of Nanite," runs in real-time on a PlayStation 5 and looks extraordinarily impressive. The company claims it could "achieve photorealism on par with movie CG and real life." The demo offers a tantalizing glimpse of the fidelity that next-gen consoles — the long-awaited PlayStation 5 and Xbox One Series X — could offer. Epic highlighted two new technologies in an official blog post. First off, "Nanite virtualized micropolygon geometry" gives artists the ability to create art "comprising hundreds of millions or billions of polygons" that can be directly imported into Unreal Engine. Second, "Lumen" offers developers a "fully dynamic global illumination solution that immediately reacts to scene and light changes." That means individual rays of light can bounce many times from surfaces, creating "indirect specular reflections in huge, detailed environments, at scales ranging from kilometers to millimeters." Of course, it's easy to be taken in by a showy new demo. Back in 2016, we were wowed by a demo of Unreal Engine 4 that now looks — well, not that impressive. Still, this latest version, at first bluff, is majestic — a step along the way to games that could be almost indistinguishable from reality. A preview of the new engine will be available in early 2021 and will support both next-gen and current-gen consoles, as well as PC, Mac, iOS, and Android. READ MORE: A first look at Unreal Engine 5 [Epic Games] More on Unreal Engine: The Future of Gaming? Check Out the Remarkable Graphics of Unreal Engine 4 Share This Article 
Parts of China's gigantic Long March 5B rocket finally made their uncontrolled descent back to Earth on Monday, CNN reports. Pieces of debris soared over the continental United States before splashing into the Atlantic Monday afternoon, as confirmed by the US Air Force. "For a large object like this, dense pieces like parts of the rocket engines could survive reentry and crash to Earth," Harvard-Smithsonian astronomer Jonathan McDowell told CNN. "Once they reach the lower atmosphere they are traveling relatively slowly, so worst case is they could take out a house." The rocket had originally sent an experimental spacecraft into Earth's orbit earlier this month — but the empty core of the rocket started hurtling back through the Earth's atmosphere as it made its way down, without any technology to alter its course. When it hit the water, it was likely quite the belly flop. "At 17.8 tons, it is the most massive object to make an uncontrolled reentry since the 39-tonne Salyut-7 [spacecraft] in 1991," McDowell wrote in a tweet last week. Only larger pieces of the Skylab in 1979 and the Columbia space shuttle in 2003 made more massive uncontrolled descents back down to Earth. Pieces of debris careening through Earth's atmosphere are difficult to track. As of Monday morning, "potential reentry areas" still included parts of Australia, US, and Africa according to McDowell. "The Air Force's final prediction was plus or minus half an hour, during which time it went 3/4 of the way around the world. It's pretty hard to do any better," McDowell told CNN. Update: As it fell, the rocket reportedly dropped pieces over parts of Africa. READ MORE: One of the largest uncontrolled pieces of space debris fell down to Earth today [CNN] More on the rocket: A Massive Chinese Rocket Is Plummeting Out of the Sky Right Now Share This Article 
Are you finding it more and more difficult to stay focused and productive given everything life throws at you on a daily basis? Are you downing coffee and energy drinks like water in a vain attempt to keep yourself awake and on task? Well, you’re not alone. Modern life is complex, and a lot of people struggle to balance it all. However, we do have some good news for you. Thanks to an innovative nootropics company TruBrain, there’s now a better way to boost brain function. It’s called Brain Food. And it might be just the thing you need to power through exhaustion and distraction so you can be the best possible version of yourself. TruBrain was founded a few years ago by a former Unilever executive and a team of UCLA neuroscientists who wanted to help regular people maximize their mental performance. To accomplish this goal they created Brain Food, a scientifically formulated blend of nootropic compounds that has been clinically proven to enhance verbal fluency and improve both memory and learning. Though bloggers and social influencers talk about nootropics, or smart drugs, as though they are something totally new, that’s not actually the case. Humans have been using nootropic compounds to boost mental performance for millennia. What’s different is that scientists today know a lot more about how nootropics work, and which ones have synergistic interactions with each other. This is the knowledge that helped TruBrain create Brain Food. Brain Food isn’t a magic smart drug. It won’t make you a genius. It’s a nutritional supplement specifically rigorously and methodically engineered to create the biological conditions necessary for peak mental performance. Like a lot of other nootropic supplements, Brain Food contains the so-called “everyman stack” of caffeine and l-theanine, a combo humans have been taking for thousands of years in the form of green tea. Caffeine, of course, is a central nervous system stimulant that increases alertness and energy by blocking the neurological receptors for drowsiness. L-theanine, meanwhile, is an amino acid that produces a sense of calm and relaxation and is especially effective in soothing nervousness and jitters that come with caffeine. Numerous studies have shown rather conclusively that, when taken together, caffeine and l-theanine can improve mental performance, alertness, and mood. Unlike a lot of other nootropic supplements, Brain Food doesn’t stop there. In addition to caffeine and l-theanine for alertness and focus, it also contains noopept, a synthetic nootropic molecule that increases blood flow to the brain and makes acetylcholine receptors in the brain more receptive to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. Increased blood flow to the brain enhances neuroplasticity, which is a brain cell’s ability to build new neural connections. The more neural connections in your brain, the higher your brain function. Meanwhile, enhanced acetylcholine reception makes communication between neurons faster and more efficient. Of course, an increase in neurotransmission requires more energy. That’s why Brain Food also contains a high impact dose of the raw nutrients that your attention system burns for fuel. These raw nutrients include magnesium, a key mineral that an estimated 90 percent of people are deficient in; tyrosine, an amino acid that plays a vital role in communication between brain cells; carnitine, which helps neurons break down glucose and fatty acids for fuel; and citicoline, which is a precursor to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. TruBrain's advanced blend of nootropics and nutrients comes in 1oz liquid shots with a refreshing tropical flavor profile. These shots are available in quantities of 20, 30, and 60. You get discounts of 10, 20, and 30 percent when you subscribe and pre-pay for three, six, and 12 months respectively. New subscribers also get an additional 10 percent off their first order. Of course, before you order, you probably want to know if this stuff actually works. And the answer is yes. It is impossible to describe the exact benefits you will experience, because, like snowflakes, no two brains are exactly alike. However, third party clinical trials and EEG brainwave analysis have demonstrated that Brain Food boosts high alpha brain waves, which are indicators of an enhanced focus, verbal fluency, memory, and learning. So in other words, if you want something that can help you focus, think, remember, and create better, you should think about giving Brain Food a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Elon Musk-led space company SpaceX has launched a browser-based simulator that allows you to take over the controls of a Crew Dragon spacecraft and dock it to the International Space Station. To give it a shot, click here. Fair warning, it's not easy maintaining a good trajectory. But NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine apparently nailed it on his first try using SpaceX's full-scale docking simulator last year, he claimed in a tweet. The controls in the browser simulator aren't far off from the real Crew Dragon, according to SpaceX. The company says the game uses the "controls of the actual interface" in a notice displayed before starting the simulation. In reality, Crew Dragon capsules are capable of autonomous docking — as demonstrated during the company's successful uncrewed test flight last year — but astronauts are able to take over manual control at any point if necessary. The game debuted mere weeks before SpaceX is planning to launch the first crewed Crew Dragon mission to the International Space Station. "The flying task is very unique: To come close to the space station and fly in proximity, then slowly come into contact, is maybe a little bit different from what you would see for flying a space shuttle or an aircraft," NASA astronaut Bob Behnken told TechCrunch last week, referring to the Crew Dragon's futuristic interface. "Of course, you know, growing up as a pilot my whole career, having a certain way to control the vehicle, this is certainly different," Behnken added. Alongside fellow astronaut Dough Hurley, Behnken will be on board the Dragon capsule during the first crewed test flight later this month. READ MORE: SpaceX simulator shows you what it’s actually like to dock Crew Dragon with the Space Station [TechCrunch] More on Crew Dragon: SPACEX IS OFFICIALLY SENDING ASTRONAUTS TO SPACE NEXT MONTH Share This Article 
NASA is about to set a fire inside a spacecraft — without putting human lives in danger. The specially designed space capsule, which just left the International Space Station for the blaze, is part of NASA's Spacecraft Fire Safety Experiment (Saffire) project and the fourth iteration to explore the effects of open fire in microgravity, yielding data that could be used to keep future space travelers safe. The Cygnus Pressurized Cargo Module, built by Northrop Grumman, resupplies the International Space Station with several tons of cargo, including experiments, food and other supplies. After the supplies are delivered, though, the spacecraft leaves the ISS, setting the stage for the on-board Saffire experiments. Over the last four years, NASA has used the module to burn cotton-fiberglass blends, flame retardant fabrics for astronaut clothing, and Plexiglas window samples over three missions. On Monday, the space agency's latest experiment, Saffire-IV, on board a Cygnus cargo module, left the ISS to begin the fourth experiment. The spacecraft is testing new fire detection systems as well as how fire spreads at sea-level equivalent levels of pressure and at higher oxygen concentrations. #ICYMI The #Cygnus spacecraft left the @Space_Station today. Within 24 hours, Cygnus will begin its secondary mission--hosting the Spacecraft Fire Safety Experiment – IV (Saffire-IV), which provides an environment to safely study fire in microgravity. https://t.co/AjTYO9eqWX pic.twitter.com/2Wvg0YBG6W — NASAexplores (@NASAexplores) May 11, 2020  "Understanding how fire behaves in microgravity, and how different materials propagate flames in space is immensely important for the development of future crew spacecraft," reads an official description of this latest mission. "It also will help inform operational protocols for dealing with fire emergencies, particularly when astronauts do not have the ability to exit a spacecraft or quickly return to Earth." The benefits of the experiment extend beyond ensuring the safety of astronauts. It could also benefit "fire safety efforts in similar environments on Earth, from submarines to mines" according to NASA. READ MORE: Cygnus cargo ship leaves space station for free-flying fire mission [Space.com] More on fire in space: NASA IS STARTING FIRES IN SPACE JUST TO WATCH THEM BURN Share This Article 
Our COVID-era "new normal" is clearly impacting the economy, our healthcare systems, our social lives, and even the way we protest. But what about our memories? Last summer, new research showed that increased internet usage might not only inhibit our ability to concentrate on a single task but the way we store information in our brains. A year later, we're spending more time on the internet than ever before, and it may be time we consider working out our brains in the same way we work out our bodies. The Ultimate Memory Master Bundle offers exactly that. Through seven courses and 20 hours of instruction, you'll learn real techniques to help you improve your memory, focus, and more. Right now, Futurism readers can get lifetime access to all the above for a one-time price of $19.99 from StackSocial. Got extra time on your hands? Give your brain a workout. Here's a taste of the included courses: It's not uncommon to assume that memory is simply something we're born with and have no actual control over. Memory starting to slip? Must be old age. Can't remember where you put your keys? You must be forgetful. But the truth is that memory techniques can be studied and mastered, and this course is the ideal guide. You'll learn memory improvement techniques you can implement in your daily life from Chris Nemo, the memory expert behind the premier blog for memory improvement frameworks. "The Mnemo Bay," This course, also led by Chris Nemo, explores everything from the history of memory improvement to memory-boosting activities you can apply daily. You'll get tips and tricks from other memory experts, and even dive into how these techniques can improve your life as a whole. Ever heard of Dual Brain Theory? You will after completing this 1.5-hour course centered on improving your ability to focus. The course is led by Gregory Caremans, founder of Brain Academy and expert contributor to Entrepreneur, CNN, and The Economist. Complete the included coursework and you'll be armed with actionable techniques for improving your focus and brain operation. Neuroplasticity is all about the ability to change your habits and form new ones. Yes, it's actually possible, and this course, featuring 30 exercises, can help. Again led by Gregory Caremans, this course is less about theory and more about hands-on approaches to changing the way you think and act. With the Ultimate Memory Mastery Bundle, you'll get the above four courses plus three more. Each course typically costs $199 when purchased separately, so the bundle is a limited-time opportunity to soak up this knowledge at a time when our brains may need it most. Take a break from streaming shows and reading the news, and give your brain a workout. Click here for more information. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Just days after Tesla CEO Elon Musk called the lockdown measures in the US "fascist" and threatened to move Tesla's California operations to Nevada or Texas, The Verge reports that the electric car company has started making cars again at its Fremont, California plant. According to emails sent out to staff last week, Tesla was aiming to start up "limited operations" at the factory last Friday. "I will be on the line personally helping wherever I can," Musk said. But on Friday, officials from Alameda County, where the factory is located, said Tesla should wait until June 1 to reopen. Musk was irate. On Saturday, Musk tweeted that "Tesla is filing a lawsuit against Alameda County immediately." Waiting three weeks was not in the cards for the billionaire. "Frankly, this is the final straw," Musk tweeted on Saturday. "Tesla will now move its HQ and future programs to Texas/Nevada immediately." Meanwhile, The Verge reports that employees are now faced with the difficult decision to risk going back to work — for a reduced wage thanks to company-wide paycuts — or stay home. Paid time off has reportedly been cashed out recently because of an extended furlough period. According to The New York Times, Alameda County was close to an agreement with the electric carmaker to reopen the factory on May 18 — before Musk lashed out on Twitter. It's been a turbulent period for the controversial entrepreneur. Musk has made several controversial statements underplaying the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic. He also had an epochal meltdown on Twitter late last month, aimed at shelter-in-place orders that have arguably saved the nation from crisis. "This is not democratic," he said during an investors call last month. "This is not freedom. Give people back their goddamn freedom." READ MORE: Tesla has already started making cars again at its California factory [The Verge] More on the saga: ELON MUSK SAYS HE’LL BE WORKING ON THE TESLA ASSEMBLY LINE TODAY Share This Article 
Technology is rapidly democratizing the way we invest our money. Thanks to advanced computing power, data can be transmitted, stored, and manipulated more efficiently than ever before, which is opening up brand new opportunities for individual investors. In recent years, for example, a number of fintech startups have cracked open the private real estate market, which previously had been available only to institutional investors and billionaires. Now, startups like FarmTogether are doing the same thing with farmland investing. Like commercial real estate, modern farmland investing is a fantastic way to diversify your portfolio. Both farmland and commercial real estate let you invest in real assets that generate regular rental income. Both also hedge against inflation, helping you balance out investments in traditional financial assets like stocks and bonds. However, farmland tends to have less volatility than commercial real estate. It also tends to be more insulated from the ups and downs of the stock market, something experts call “low cyclicality.” For these two reasons, American farmland has been one of the most stable asset classes over the past 40 years, even during times of economic crises. Unfortunately, for a long time, the problem with investing in farmland was that you had to have enough capital to buy entire farms. But now, thanks to companies like FarmTogether, that is no longer the case. So how does FarmTogether work? It’s actually pretty simple. You’re probably familiar with crowdfunding platforms like Kickstarter and GoFundMe. Well, FarmTogether works just like those. However, instead of crowdfunding a new company or a charity, you’re crowdfunding the purchase of farmland. And instead of getting some “bonus” as a “thank you” for your investment, you get partial ownership of the property. First, FarmTogether’s executive investment committee examines hundreds of potential properties and selects the ones they deem most promising. Then they hire external independent analysts to conduct another round of comprehensive due diligence, evaluating everything from soil quality and water rights to on-farm equipment and potential for capital improvements. Once the evaluation process is complete, these handpicked properties are offered as crowdfunding investment opportunities. You can then pick and choose the properties that are right for you. When you buy in, you are buying shares of the LLC that owns and operates the property. FarmTogether provides full details about each individual investment opportunity, including the total value of the offering, the estimated length of time the LLC will hold the property, and the estimated cash yields. When you invest with FarmTogether, your money grows in two ways. First, you will earn cash dividends on a yearly or quarterly basis from the net proceeds of operating the farms. Then, after the property appreciates over a set period of time, it will be sold and you will get your share of the capital gains. If you invested $10,000 in a $5 million property, you’ll get 0.2% of the proceeds. If you invested $50,000 in a $2 million property, you’ll get 2.5%. Obviously, as with any investment, when you invest with FarmTogether you’ll need to read all the fine print to make sure it’s right for you. However, if you’re looking for a safe, modern way to bring real diversity to your investment portfolio, farmland could very well be the answer. So don’t wait. Click here to learn more about FarmTogether, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of MIT researchers are suggesting that we could use a "dynamic orbital slingshot" to get an up-and-close look at interstellar objects — or, in other words, they want to send tiny satellites screaming through space to chase space rocks from beyond our star system. It's a far-out concept that's even grabbed the attention of NASA. The project has secured proof-of-concept funding from the NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC) Program, an incubator for radically futuristic concepts such as turning a crater on the far side of the Moon into a giant radio telescope. Interstellar objects have been a fascinating and relatively recent addition to scientific inquiry. In particular, space rock Oumuamua, first spotted in 2017, and 2I/Borisov, spotted by amateur astronomer Gennadiy Borisov last year, have puzzled astronomers due to their extremely unusual trajectories, leading them to believe they arrived from a neighboring star system. "There are a lot of fundamental challenges with observing [interstellar objects] from Earth — they are usually so small that light from the sun needs to illuminate it in a certain way for our telescopes to even detect it," said Richard Linares, assistant professor in the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AeroAstro) at MIT who came up with the idea, in a statement. "They are traveling so fast that it’s hard to pull together and launch a mission from Earth in the small window of opportunity we have before it’s gone," Linares explained. "We’d have to get there fast, and current propulsion technologies are a limiting factor." To get over these limitations, Linares suggests using a series of "static satellites" that each use "solar sail" technology — using only radiation of the Sun as propulsion. This constellation of space buoys could then jump into action, releasing stored energy as well as using the gravitational pull of the sun to slingshot themselves after interstellar objects once they've been detected. But they won't attempt to stop when they get to these elusive extragalactic visitors. "Flyby missions tend to be easier because they don’t require you to slow down — you fly past the object and try to get as many pictures as you can in that window," Linares said. "Studying an interstellar body close-up would revolutionize our understanding of planet formation and evolution," professor of planetary sciences Benjamin Weiss, who is also working on the project, said in the statement. The slingshots could even allow us to study the feasibility of sending objects to other solar systems, according to Weiss. READ MORE: Solar-sailing sentries could allow up-close study of interstellar visitors like 'Oumuamua [Space.com] More on interstellar objects: NASA: Something Is Off About This Interstellar Comet Share This Article 
In a report published last month, a team of scientists discussed how to ensure that human space travelers don't contaminate distant planets — and that they don't bring back extraterrestrial pollutants back to Earth, a topic that seems more pertinent than ever in the midst of a global pandemic. "In my opinion, and that of the science community, the chance that rocks from Mars that are millions of years old will contain an active life form that could infect Earth is extremely low," said adjunct Stanford professor of aeronautics and astronautics Scott Hubbard, co-author of the report, in an interview with Stanford News. "But, the [Mars] samples returned by [NASA] will be quarantined and treated as though they are the Ebola virus until proven safe. The solution, Hubbard said, is "planetary protection." Now that humanity is edging ever closer to traveling to Mars thanks to SpaceX and NASA, Hubbard and the rest of the committee argue that the US government and private sector need to "'continually authorize and supervise' private activities in space," Hubbard told Stanford News. To counteract any chances of contaminating other places around our solar system, Hubbard suggests scientists could implement "combinations of chemical cleaning, heat sterilization, applying reduction credit for time spent in the highly sterilizing space radiation environment and clever mechanical systems" that have already been shown to be effective. For instance, for NASA Martian Sample Return mission, a part of the agency's Perseverance Rover initiative set to launch this year, have already been decontaminated using extremely high temperatures. But that still leaves germy humans. "Spacesuits can leak or 'blow out,' potentially releasing all manner of earthly microbes and contaminating the surface for any future science missions," Hubbard said. "Humans obviously cannot be cleaned like robots, so much more attention to spacesuits, human habitats and using robots as assistants is required," he added. There's somewhat of a precedent when it comes to the Moon, he pointed out. The quarantine requirements for Apollo astronauts was eliminated relatively quickly in the 1970s once we found out the Moon posed no risk of contamination. But that doesn't mean we shouldn't handle the samples from Mars with extreme caution. READ MORE: Stanford’s Scott Hubbard contributed to new ‘planetary quarantine’ report reviewing risks of alien contamination [Stanford University] More on planetary protection: NASA ISN’T DOING ENOUGH TO PREVENT US FROM CONTAMINATING OTHER PLANETS, REPORT SAYS Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. For anyone who understands the importance of online privacy and security, a virtual private network, or VPN, is pretty much a must. And while there are many VPNs out there to chose from, NordVPN should be at the top of your list. And right now, you can get a three-year subscription to NordVPN for an unbelievably low price. Maybe you aren’t quite sure what a VPN is or how it works. If that's the case, here’s a quick primer. Whenever you use the internet, you connect to a server via your Internet Service Provider, or ISP. Your connection to the Internet through this server is traceable through your IP address. Not only can your ISP see what you're doing, but various websites and social media platforms you visit will sell your browsing activity to online marketers and advertisers. That’s not to mention other less-scrupulous parties like hackers, or even law enforcement, who might have reasons of their own for snooping on your online activity. But with a VPN like NordVPN, your browsing is encrypted, even from your ISP, and all incoming and outgoing traffic is routed through a third-party server. As a result, you have a much higher degree of privacy and security. And protection isn't just for your home network. You can use a VPN to protect your Internet activity from anywhere, and on nearly any type of device or operating system. If you’re sufficiently convinced that you need a VPN, now it’s time to actually pick one out. And while you have plenty of options, NordVPN is hard to beat. It boasts advanced AES-256 bit encryption and OpenVPN and IKEv2/IPSec encryption protocols, the two most secure protocols in existence. They also offer around 5,000 servers scattered across the globe in more than 60 counties, as well as other features like an instant Internet “kill switch” in case you lose your VPN connection, and 24/7 technical support for all subscribers. A NordVPN will give you protection for up to six devices for $11.95 per month, which is a decent price for a great VPN subscription. But you can get a much better price if you sign up for one, two, or three years in advance. A one-year subscription to NordVPN will cost you $6.99 a month. For two years, it costs $4.99 per month. And if you really want to save some money, opt for the three-year plan, which is the equivalent of paying just $3.49 per month, a discount of some 70 percent compared to the standard monthly rate. And all the NordVPN plans come with a 30-day money-back guarantee. So if you’re ready to take back control of your online privacy and security, head over to NordVPN’s official site now. Share This Article 
For the second time in two years, entrepreneur and billionaire Elon Musk sat down with podcaster Joe Rogan to chat about the future of AI and its role in the symbiosis of man and machine. In their conversation, Musk revealed that the secretive brain stimulation link startup Neuralink, which he co-founded, is close to starting testing in actual humans. "We're not testing people yet, but I think it won't be too long," Musk told Rogan. "We may be able to implant a neural link in less than a year in a person I think." The news comes after Musk teased in February that the brain-computer interface startup was working on an "awesome" new version. Back in July 2019, the company showed off plans to shoot holes in subjects' skulls with lasers and feed flexible threads of electrodes into their brains. In his most recent chat with Rogan, Musk revealed that the company's implant is about one inch in diameter and has to be implanted by removing a small section of the skull. Musk downplayed the risks involved in such a procedure, claiming that there is "a very low for potential risk for rejection [of the body]." "People put in heart monitors and things for epileptic seizures, deep brain simulation, artificial hips and knees that kind of thing," he said, noting that "it's well known what is cause for a rejection or not." Musk likened the process of his neural stimulation device zapping the brain to "kicking a TV." While that sounds violent, the goal is to restore brain functionality. For instance, those with Alzheimer's could have their memories restored. "It's like a bunch of circuits and those circuits are broken," Musk explained. But the technology is still in its early stages. "There's still a lot of work to do," Musk said. Referring back to his timeline of testing within a year, he noted that "we have a chance of putting a link in someone and having them be healthy and restoring some functionality that they've lost." Eventually, as Rogan mused about becoming one with machines in the distant future, Musk countered that we have to keep up. "Even in a benign [AI] scenario we are being left behind," Musk said. "So how do you go along for the ride? If you can't beat 'em, join 'em." "We are already a cyborg to some degree," Musk told Rogan. "You got your phone, you got your laptop... If you're missing your phone, it feels like missing limb syndrome." READ MORE: Joe Rogan Experience #1470 - Elon Musk [YouTube] More on Neuralink: ELON MUSK SAYS UPCOMING VERSION OF NEURALINK IS “AWESOME” Share This Article 
Scientists say lamas could help defeat the coronavirus. According to a new study published in the journal Cell Tuesday by an international team of researchers, antibodies found in the blood of llamas were able to stave off COVID infections. "This is one of the first antibodies known to neutralize SARS-CoV-2," Jason McLellan, from the University of Texas at Austin and co-author of the study, said in a statement. The researchers built on previous research from four years ago in which they found that the antibodies from a then 9-month-old llama named Winter were able to neutralize both SARS-CoV-1 and MERS-CoV viruses over six weeks. Luckily, the antibodies from Winter — who's now four years old — also staved off SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. Surprisingly, this isn't the first time llamas have been used in antibody research, as The New York Times reports. Llama antibodies have been used in work related to HIV and infleunza, where they helped discover promising therapies. Thanks to the llamas' antibodies' small size, they can connect with different parts of the virus more easily. "The binding of this antibody to spike is able to prevent attachment and entry, which effectively neutralizes the virus," Daniel Wrapp, Dartmouth Ph.D. candidate and co-author, explained in the statement. Scientists are hopeful a treatment plan for the newly infected in the form of antibody therapies is particularly promising. "Vaccines have to be given a month or two before infection to provide protection," McLellan said in the statement. "With antibody therapies, you're directly giving somebody the protective antibodies and so, immediately after treatment, they should be protected." "The antibodies could also be used to treat somebody who is already sick to lessen the severity of the disease," McLellan added. "There is still a lot of work to do to try to bring this into the clinic," Xavier Saelens, a molecular virologist at Ghent University in Belgium and co-author, told the Times. "If it works, llama Winter deserves a statue." Share This Article 
Astronomers from the European Southern Observatory (ESO) claim to have spotted the closest known black hole to Earth. The black hole is only 1,000 light-years from Earth — so close, the system it's in can be seen in the southern hemisphere's night sky with the naked eye, according to the researchers. "We were totally surprised when we realized that this is the first stellar system with a black hole that can be seen with the unaided eye," Petr Hadrava, scientist at the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic in Prague and co-author of the paper published in Astronomy & Astrophysics today. The black hole was relatively difficult to spot because it's relatively dark. Black holes tend to flare up as they're feeding on the matter of companion stars, giving away their location. But this particular hole wasn't exhibiting that behavior. That means the researchers only spotted it by tracking the gravitational effects a then-unknown object was exerting on two stars using a 2.2-metre telescope at ESO's La Silla Observatory in Chile. The scientists originally became interested in the system, called HR 6819, because it had two very closely spaced stars. One of the two stars of the system appeared to orbit the black hole every 40 Earth days. By studying its trajectory, they concluded that the black hole object was quite massive. "An invisible object with a mass at least 4 times that of the Sun can only be a black hole," Thomas Rivinius, lead author and ESO scientist, said in the statement. Of the handful of black holes discovered in our own galaxy so far, almost all give away their location by releasing bright flashes of X-rays as they interact with their close environment. This particular black hole only showed itself once the scientists studied the gravitational effects it had on nearby bodies. That means we could find many more. "There must be hundreds of millions of black holes out there, but we know about only very few," said Rivinus. "Knowing what to look for should put us in a better position to find them." In fact, astronomers have already spotted early evidence of a second system, called LB-1, that also is made up of three bodies like HR 6819. "LB-1 is a bit further away from Earth but still pretty close in astronomical terms, so that means that probably many more of these systems exist," Marianne Heida, postdoctoral fellow at ESO and co-author of the paper, said in the statement. READ MORE: Astronomers May Have Found the Closest Black Hole to Earth [Scientific American] More on black holes: Scientists Release Incredible Video of Black Hole Spewing Matter Share This Article 
An international team of scientists has found new evidence of rivers that flowed on the surface of Mars billions of years ago — a discovery that could give us new insights into the search for ancient life on the Red Planet. As outlined in a study published today in the journal Nature Communications, the scientists analyzed new, high-resolution imagery from the HiRISE camera on board NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. "Unfortunately we don't have the ability to climb, to look at the finer-scale details, but the striking similarities to sedimentary rocks on Earth leaves very little to the imagination," lead author Francesco Salese, from Utrecht University in the Netherlands, said in a statement. The team transformed the images into 3D topographyical maps of Hellas Basin on Mars, one of the largest impact craters in our solar system. They discovered sediment deposits about 200 meters (656 feet) high, roughly twice the height of the White Cliffs of Dover, as New Scientist points out, and 1.5 kilometers (0.93 miles) wide. "To form these 200-metre-thick deposits we needed conditions that would have required an environment capable of maintaining significant volumes of liquid water," Salese told New Scientist. The researchers are hopeful that the finding could bolster future research into ancient life on Mars. "We've never seen an outcrop with this amount of detail on it that we can definitely say is so old," Joel Davis, postdoctoral researcher at the Natural History Museum in London, England, and co-author of the paper, said in the statement. "This is one more piece of the puzzle in the search for ancient life on Mars, providing novel insight into just how much water occupied these ancient landscapes." A lot of water. "The rivers that formed these rocks weren't just a one-off event — they were probably active for tens to hundreds of thousands of years," Davis said in the statement. What allowed this new discovery is some incredible technology still currently orbiting Mars hundreds of millions of miles away from Earth. For instance, the camera aboard NASA's Mars Orbiter is capable of taking pictures of the Martian landscape at a resolution of 25 centimeters (9.8 inches) per pixel from a distance of 400 km (249 miles). "Here on Earth, sedimentary rocks have been used by geologists for generations to place constraints on what conditions were like on our planet millions or even billions of years ago," explained co-author William McMahon in the statement. "Now we have the technology to extend this methodology to another terrestrial planet, Mars, which hosts an ancient sedimentary rock record that extends even further back in time than our own," McMahon added. READ MORE: An ancient river on Mars may have flowed for 100,000 years [New Scientist] More on Mars water: NASA SUGGESTS GIANT DUST STORMS BLEW MARS’ WATER INTO SPACE Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Having a brick and mortar store is great. Small boutique businesses are essential for building strong communities. However, as the coronavirus lockdown has shown, it’s also important for your store to be online, if not as your primary method of doing business, then at the very least as a backup. Luckily, a company called Volusion is making ecommerce way easier than you ever imagined it could be. In the past, taking even the smallest of stores online was a complicated, multi-step process. You’d have to hire a web developer to create a custom design. You’d have to purchase expensive inventory tracking software. On top of all that, you’d have to find a company to host your site. It was enough to keep smaller businesses from even thinking about e-commerce. But today, thanks to Volusion, things are very, very different. Volusion is a comprehensive ecommerce platform that makes creating and managing an online store simple enough for any business, big or small, to start generating online revenue in just a few days. That’s right. Not weeks. Days. Volusion gives you dozens of elegant site designs to choose from. Created by web designers who specialize in ecommerce, every single theme features the kind of intuitive functionality that's been proven to maximize sales. After you choose your theme, you can start to customize. For example, you can select a navigation style that works best for your business, add product categories and images, and put your logo and graphics all over your site. You can even create a custom slideshow to advertise new products, sales, and special offers on your store’s homepage. And Volusion has an easy-to-use content editor that lets you make changes and updates yourself with no backend coding required. When it comes to displaying your actual products, Volusion helps you create a truly high-end online shopping experience. Their suite of tools lets you create gorgeous product pages complete with photos, videos, and reviews. Volusion also makes it easy to set up a “related products” feature, a “deal of the day” feature, and to create product discounts that entice customers to make additional purchases. When you subscribe to Volusion, you don't just get a web design. You get everything you need to run your online store. That includes: Volusion has four different subscription plans to choose from based on annual sales and number of products you offer. All plans feature zero transaction fees. All give you a discount when you subscribe annually. And all are 100-percent free to try for 14 days. Whether you’re looking to set up an online store for the first time, or you’re an ecommerce veteran looking for an easier, more affordable solution, you need to check out Volusion. It could be just what your business needs. Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Thinking about making the switch to solar energy? That’s definitely a good idea. Sunlight is free. The energy produced by solar energy systems is clean and good for the whole planet. And of course, if you have enough solar panels, you can actually eliminate your energy bill and gain independence from the grid, which can be pretty handy during an emergency. The only problem is that the solar panels themselves cost money. And you have to calculate how much sunlight your house gets. And you have to find specialized contractors to install them. And you have to assess real estate trends and local ordinances to determine whether solar panels are a good investment in your area. Luckily, you do not have to figure all of this out on your own. If you contact a company called Understand Solar, they will teach you everything you need to know about solar costs and walk you through the entire process for free. No commitment is required. Understand Solar is a third-party solar power advocate that neither sells nor installs solar energy systems themselves. Instead, they promote the solar industry by educating consumers and simplifying the process of going solar. Say you don't know anything about solar energy. Understand Solar will start by teaching you the basics, from how solar energy systems work, how they connect to the public grid, how much solar panels cost, and how long solar panels last. Then they'll give you an overview of all the financing and leasing options available, as well as any government tax incentives, including the Federal solar tax credit. Once you’re ready to take the next step, Understand Solar gives you a free personalized solar cost assessment. All you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. Then a solar energy expert will contact you via phone and go over your assessment and answer any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. If it turns out that solar energy isn’t right for you, your Understand Solar representative will explain why. However, given recent trends in the industry, you might discover that you actually stand to lose money in the long run if you don’t go solar. Over the last decade, the average cost of retrofitting a home for solar energy has dropped 70 percent. As a result, the costs of going solar are lower than they have ever been. And new financing options mean you don’t have to pay these solar costs at once. On top of that, we’re also starting to get a better idea of how valuable an investment in a domestic solar energy system can be. Though a lot depends on where you live and how much direct sunlight your property gets, generally speaking, homes with solar energy systems sell faster and for higher prices than homes without solar energy systems. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1 percent to the value of the average home, with higher rates occurring in major urban areas. Another study found that buyers are generally willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another study concluded that, assuming your house gets enough light, you gain about $5,911 in value for each kilowatt of solar installed. When you factor in the projected long term electricity rate hikes, over the course of 20 years, an investment in solar energy can easily outperform traditional investments in the stock market. So, how much is an investment in solar energy worth for you? Your Understand Solar representative will crunch all the numbers and help you figure that out. Then they’ll lay out all your options and, if you wish to proceed, they will arrange in-home estimates with experienced and reputable solar installers in your area. If you’re ready to make the dream of energy independence a reality, why wait another day? Click here right now to get started with a free solar energy assessment from Understand Solar. Share This Article 
In a scathing letter, Amazon vice president and senior engineer Tim Bray announced he's leaving the company for "firing whistleblowers who were making noise about warehouse employees frightened of COVID-19." Bray went as far as listing several "descriptive phrases you might use to describe the activist-firing," including "chickenshit," "never heard of the Streisand effect," and "painting a sign on your forehead saying 'Either guilty, or has something to hide.'" The e-retail giant has found itself in hot water over reports of the company terminating several employees who raised concerns about its treatment of workers during the ongoing pandemic. The company is reportedly facing a possible investigation in New York over the firing of a number of protesters. Bray mentioned the firing of Emily Cunningham and Maren Costa in his letter, two former user experience designers, who raised concerns over warehouse worker treatment during the outbreak. Amazon responded by claiming that Cunningham and Costa were let go for "repeatedly violating internal policies," as CNBC reports, stating that the company supports "every employee’s right to criticize their employer’s working conditions, but that does not come with blanket immunity against any and all internal policies." A warehouse worker in Minnesota named Bashir Mohamed was also reportedly fired after speaking up about the facility's treatment of employees during the pandemic, as Buzzfeed News first reported last month. The news comes after hundreds of Amazon workers staged a nationwide strike last month protesting the company's handling of the pandemic. An increasing number of Amazon warehouse workers across the globe are testing positive. In a statement to VICE, Amazon blamed the workers, warning that some of its own employees are "spreading misinformation and making false claims about Amazon." While Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos raked in an additional $24 billion in 2020 alone, governments are starting to pay attention to his company's actions. For instance, Amazon warehouses in France were court ordered to stop all but essential deliveries. To Bray, Amazon's actions are symptomatic of something much more troublesome. "Firing whistleblowers isn’t just a side-effect of macroeconomic forces, nor is it intrinsic to the function of free markets," his letter reads. "It’s evidence of a vein of toxicity running through the company culture," he wrote. "I choose neither to serve nor drink that poison." READ MORE: Amazon VP Resigns, Calls Company ‘Chickenshit’ for Firing Protesting Workers [VICE] More on Amazon: AMAZON BUYS THERMAL CAMERAS TO SCAN WORKERS FOR FEVERS Share This Article 
Astronomers have detected the first-ever fast radio burst (FRB) originating in our own galaxy, ScienceAlert reports. "Something like this has never been seen before," Caltech astronomer Shrinivas Kulkarni told ScienceAlert. The signal, a millisecond-wave bursts of radio waves, was traced back to a Milky Way magnetar, a type of neutron star with an extremely strong magnetic field. The magnetar suddenly lit up, sending out a gargantuan millisecond-long burst of bright radio waves, picked up by astronomers on April 28. According to ScienceAlert, the blip was so intense that it could've been detectable from another galaxy. "If the same signal came from a nearby galaxy, like one of the nearby typical FRB galaxies, it would look like an FRB to us," Kulkarni told ScienceAlert. The detection could finally settle where the mysterious FRBs actually come from. "This sort of, in most people's minds, settles the origin of FRBs as coming from magnetars," Kulkarni added. Fast radio bursts have raised far more questions about the universe than they can answer. They're extremely unpredictable, despite some of them releasing more energy than 500 million suns. They don't seem to have a pattern to them and last for only a tiny fraction of a second. Astronomers suggest the signal may have originated as a result of massive, shifting gravitational forces causing a starquake or magnetar flare, a disturbance in the magnetic field surrounding it. The massive outburst of radio waves could also be an indication that there are plenty of other FRBs we are currently unable to detect. "It was so bright that we saw it from the corner of our eyes, so to speak," postdoctoral fellow Shriharsh Tendulkar at McGill University told Gizmodo. READ MORE: Exclusive: We Might Have First-Ever Detection of a Fast Radio Burst in Our Own Galaxy [ScienceAlert] More on FRBs: POWERFUL RADIO SIGNAL FROM DISTANT GALAXY SEEMS TO HAVE A PATTERN Share This Article 
An international team of astronomers has managed to capture some extraordinarily rare images of planetary systems being born, hundreds of light-years away. While we've seen images of "protoplanetary disks" before, we've never seen the process captured in such detail. "In [earlier] pictures, the regions close to the star, where rocky planets form, are covered by only few pixels," lead author Jacques Kluska, from KU Leuven in Belgium, said in a statement. The images show the inner areas around young stars where planets start taking shape, accumulating matter from dust and gas. Dust grains build up into larger rocks, some of which eventually grow into entire rocky planets. "We needed to visualize these details to be able to identify patterns that might betray planet formation and to characterize the properties of the disks," Kluska said. The researchers had to use a relatively new imaging technique called infrared interferometry at the European Southern Observatory (ESO) in Chile to capture the images. The technique doesn't produce an image directly. Using mathematical models — not unlike the way the first-ever images of a black hole were created — the team was able to separate the disks from the light emitted by the star itself. The level of detail of the new images is astonishing. "Distinguishing details at the scale of the orbits of rocky planets like Earth or Jupiter (as you can see in the images) — a fraction of the Earth-Sun distance — is equivalent to being able to see a human on the Moon, or to distinguish a hair at a 10 km distance," Jean-Philippe Berger, principal investigator from the Université Grenoble-Alpes, France, explained in the statement. So what did they end up seeing in the new images? Brighter and darker spots of light could be a sign that "there could be instabilities in the disk that can lead to vortices where the disk accumulates grains of space dust that can grow and evolve into a planet," according to Kluska. READ MORE: The Before Times of a Solar System [The Atlantic] More on planetary formation: STAR BLASTS OWN PLANETS INTO SHATTERED CORPSES, DEVOURS REMAINS Share This Article 
It was just days ago that Tesla CEO Elon Musk joined Trump in calling for the United States to rebel against government forces to end the lockdown — measures that were put in place to keep people safe. Now, CNBC reports, his latest tweetstorm is sending Tesla stocks into a nosedive. "Tesla stock price is too high imo," Musk tweeted earlier today, causing shockwaves among the company's investors. The result: a drop of more than 12 percent in share prices. The news just days after Tesla reported that revenues were up more than expected. Musk is no stranger to causing mayhem by making unexpected and often provocative claims. There was his weed joke from 2018, when he mused about taking Tesla private for $420 a share. Or that time he called a British cave diver a pedophile. Those escapades have earned Tesla a mountain of paperwork, an investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and several lawsuits. At least back then he was putting the value of his own company on the line — or pissing off the odd individual. His latest calls to "FREE AMERICA NOW," however, could arguably end up putting other people's health at risk. Today, Musk took to Twitter not appease shareholders, but fan the flames by reciting the Star Spangled Banner to his tens of millions of followers. Musk also claimed that he's "selling almost all physical possessions. Will own no house." There's no doubt the latest hijinx will result in headaches for Tesla's staff and management — and during a global pandemic. What's still unclear is whether Musk has an ulterior motive. Is he simply upset Tesla's factory in Fremont, California had to close due to stay-at-home orders? Is it the stress from having a pregnant wife who's soon giving birth to a baby that's "due on Monday" according to Musk? It doesn't seem to be about the money. Musk is putting a $720 million payout on the line that depends on share prices keeping their value over time. To receive a first slice of the cake, Tesla would need to reach a $100 billion value and hold it for a one- and six-month average, according to CNET. Screaming the US anthem and rehashing right-wing conspiracy theories won't get him there. There must be something we don't know about — unless Elon Musk has lost it for good. READ MORE: Tesla shares tank after Elon Musk tweets the stock price is ‘too high’ [CNBC] More on Musk: Here’s Why Elon Musk Keeps Complaining About Quarantine Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. If you’re into science, nature, and history, you probably love visiting museums and exploring collections of rare and unique objects such as dinosaur fossils. However, you don’t have to visit an actual museum to surround yourself with priceless artifacts. Building y our own personal collection of stunning scientific and cultural specimens is not nearly as difficult or expensive as you might think. In fact, thanks to Mini Museum, it’s actually easier than shopping for a pair of jeans. Mini Museum is the brainchild of entrepreneur and adventurer Hans Fex. Founded in 2014, the company's team of archivists and curators create miniature collections of artifacts and specimens “from earth and beyond,” giving regular everyday people unprecedented access to priceless pieces of history. These mini collections are beautifully encased in a clear acrylic block the size of a small book, which you can easily hold in your hands or display on a shelf. Each one is a handcrafted limited edition, individually numbered and laser etched. And all come with a detailed companion guide, a custom display and storage box, and a certificate of authenticity. The earliest versions of the Mini Museum contained a wide variety of natural and man-made specimens spanning eons, and the flagship editions still do. However, a few years ago Mini Museum started offering individual specimens catering to collectors with special interests. And now, for the first time, they are offering an entire collection for armchair paleontologists with a keen interest in dinosaurs. The all-new Age of Dinosaurs edition of the Mini Museum contains 32 incredible specimens spanning 185 million years. They include actual dinosaur specimens such as eggs, footprints, bone fragments, skin fragments, teeth, and plate fragments, plus geological specimens such volcanic rock from The Great Dying and tree fossils from the super-continent Gondwana. The Mini Museum Age of Dinosaurs Edition makes the perfect gift for dinosaur lovers young and old. It measures 5 inches tall by 4 inches wide by 1 inch thick and comes with the detailed companion guide, custom display and storage box, custom microfiber pouch, and a certificate of authenticity. Quantities are extremely limited, so don’t wait to order. Of course, if you’d like something a bit more diverse, you can always purchase one of the original Mini Museums. The Mini Museum 3rd Edition contains 29 rare miniature specimens and artifacts spanning billions of years. Specimens include a 4.5 billion-year-old space gem; a Megalodon tooth; a giant sloth claw; a fragment of ancient Egyptian papyrus; a 14th-century Samurai sword; a piece of Alcatraz; a fragment of a rotor from a WWII Enigma machine; a piece of the Cavern Club in Liverpool, where the Beatles frequently played; a fragment of one of Steve Jobs’ iconic turtle necks; and much more. Like all Mini Museums, the 3rd Edition is handmade and individually numbered with laser etching. It comes with a certificate of authenticity, a detailed hard-cover specimen guide, a microfiber pouch, and a display and storage box. Like the Mini Museum 3rd edition, the 4th Edition also contains 29 rare miniature specimens and artifacts artfully encased in a clear acrylic block. Specimens in this collection include a fragment of a raptor bone; a chunk of Sarcosuchus armor; a piece of a saber-tooth tiger bone; extraterrestrial amino acids dating back to the origins of our solar system; igneous rock produced from the cataclysmic volcanic eruptions that caused the greatest extinction event in earth’s history; a piece of tile from an Ancient Roman bathhouse; a fragment of the original Hollywood sign salvaged in 1878; water from the Amazon river; a fragment of shield window from the Manhattan Project, which developed the atomic bomb; a piece of a punching bag once used by Muhammad Ali, and much more. The Mini Museum 4th edition is handmade and individually numbered with laser etching, and it comes with a certificate of authenticity, a detailed hard-cover specimen guide, a microfiber pouch, and display and storage box. Whether you’re looking to inspire someone you care about with a one-of-a-kind gift, or you’re simply a history buff looking to add something truly unique to your collection, the Mini Museum will not disappoint. Order yours before they’re all gone. Share This Article 
For Yuksel Temiz, photographing extremely tiny subjects is just part of his job as a microelectronics engineer at IBM's Zurich Research Laboratory. Temiz works on minuscule devices that use microfluidics: a type of tiny, liquid-based circuitry that, instead of using metal wires, directs the flow of liquid through hair-thin channels like a microscopic canal system. Specifically, Temiz and his team develop the underlying technology for miniature diagnostic tools that can take in and analyze samples, like a medical patient's blood or saliva. But to actually develop and test those tools, engineers need to rely on extremely powerful microscopes, which can cost tens of thousands of dollars apiece. Eventually, Temiz got fed up with the limitations of those boutique devices and built his own — and it only cost him $300 because he made it almost entirely out of Lego bricks. And it works: he's used his Lego microscope to take images that he's later published the images in prestigious scientific journals including Science Advances, Scientific Reports, and Biomedical Microdevices. Now he's sharing the instruction manual, which he designed to look like that of any other Lego set, with the world. Futurism caught up with Temiz to learn more about his Lego microscope. Here's our conversation, which has been lightly edited for clarity. Futurism: So the big question is "Why?" What problems were you facing with a traditional microscope that made you decide to build your own out of Legos? Yuksel Temiz: It started about two years ago. I was asked to provide really high-quality images of our microfluidic chips. I was asked to provide images, videos, for a big tech event organized by IBM. The organizer wanted a kind of an artistic view from an angle, with nice colors of liquids flowing in the channels. They found the top view from a microscope quite boring. But none of our microscopes in the lab could take high-quality images from an angle. I took a camcorder, a microlens, and a tripod, and I built a very inexpensive setup to take nice images from an angle. I thought I could do it myself. This was already my hobby, so I started building my own microscopes specifically for taking high-quality images of our microfluidic chips. These chips have reflective surfaces, meaning it's extremely difficult to take images with a regular camera. It's kind of like taking an image of a mirror. You see the reflection of the camera, and if the light isn't uniform you see the point source of light. I discussed with my managers and we thought it would be a cool tool for labs, for schools, and we decided to open source everything. And has this Lego microscope improved your work at all? Were the angled pictures just for the sake of a more artistic presentation, or do they actually accomplish something for the benefit of your research? Originally the idea was to take images of the chips for publications and presentations. It's nicer than the top view — it shows the depth. These microfluidic channels are 3D structures. When you have it tilted to you, you get much more. It's like 2D versus 3D. I don't think it has much advantage in terms of diagnostics. When you have blood or fluid in the channels, you will not need a Lego microscope to quantify the samples. This is more for taking pictures for the public. But we also noticed you can image biological samples — there are these microscopic glass sides available for biology classes. These are plants, animal tissues, cells, and when I put them under the microscope, I get really nice images. So then I thought yeah, maybe such a microscope would be good for schools, for kids' education. It's not just for labs, it's a nice microscope. So, I see you have some papers in prestigious journals: Science Advances, Nature's Scientific Reports, and the like. Are the images that appear in those papers the same ones you captured with your Lego microscope? Did you have to retake any of the images with more traditional instruments for the final proofs of the paper? Typically, what we have is the tilted view of the chip. Then we have an inset next to it with a top view of the specific structure. In the Science Advances paper, we have this clock. In the video, we have the tilted view of the clock, and next to it we have the high-resolution image from a microscope. For a scientific journal, we have the beautiful image of the chip, but then we have the data and the image taken from a high-end scientific instrument. I do not think that the Lego microscope is good for any diagnostic quantification, I have to emphasize. But it works well for checking circuit boards, insects, small objects, anything you can imagine. It's like a regular camera but at a high magnification. Did any of your paper's reviewers or the publishers themselves comment on the microscope, or did they accept it within your methodology? What did they have to say about it? No, in general, we get very nice comments about our figures. This is kind of my hobby: as an amateur graphics designer, I do a lot of 3D animation and 2D designs. In general, we get nice comments about the quality of the figures, but not the specific angle of the 3D images. The journals publish our images, but we don't have the chance to use most of our images in publications. We often use the images in our presentations. I presented our work in the big conferences in our field with up to 500 to 1,000 people, and the first thing they say is we have beautiful images. Because it's made of hand-assembled Lego bricks, have you tinkered with the microscope at all to change how it works? For instance, could different setups give you different functionality? I had three more prototypes before this. The last one had a few Lego bricks, but the first one didn't have Lego at all. It was all 3D printed. At IBM we have a very nice machine shop and very talented technicians, so they helped me. Initially, I didn't use any Lego bricks, and the reason I started using Lego bricks is I wanted to have the microscope modular and have it be configurable. In this microscope we can take transmitted light images — a classical technique with the light at the bottom, then the sample and the camera. We can take reflected images, with the light from an angle and the camera at an angle, and we can take cross-sectional images with the microscope orthogonal to the sample. Sometimes the sample is big, sometimes it's small, sometimes you need a little more space between the camera and the sample. I started 3D printing interlocking pieces, and I realized that what I was printing was almost exactly a Lego brick. So I said, "Why should I spend time on 3D printing?" I started adding Lego bricks to my design, a  little bit more and more, and it became a hybrid 3D printed-Lego design. And then after we decided to open source everything, I completely redesigned the microscope in a way that people can — if they have a 3D printer at home — build it at home. The design is much more maker friendly, it doesn't require any professional tools. Are all the bricks off-the-shelf Legos? They're all Lego bricks you can go and buy individually. Lego has a shop called "Pick a Brick" where you can individually buy them. I 3D printed a few components just to connect a Lego piece to my custom-made component. I 3D printed an adaptor to attach the motor to the Legos, for example. You mentioned that these could be used to improve access to scientific research in school systems or developing countries. Could you tell me more about what that would look like? I have goals for that. A lot of people are asking me if they can buy it as a kit. We had plans for that but due to COVID we had to postpone them. The ideal would be we call an electronics company, see if there's support to provide it along with Lego maybe. The electronics company would provide the electronics as a kit, maybe Lego could provide it as a one-click shop thing. The advantage for schools is that first, it's Lego — it's interesting for them. And then students can use their imagination to put a microscope together with different components. There's a little bit of electronics, and then there's the image processing part.  It's all based on Python, so kids at schools can start programming simple things. Those microscope slides for biology classes could be already interesting because the kids can put in the sample, and the software can already tell "Hey this is a cell from this plant," things like that. How long would it take to build one from start to finish? Assuming everything is in front of you and the electronic board is already available because the soldering part is not something a kid should do, half an hour. I reassembled it for the interview and it took half an hour to make it, but for someone who doesn't have experience, maybe an hour? Just the assembly, following the PDF document, would take you about an hour. And you made Lego-style instructions, right? Yeah, it's in the PDF. I spent more time on the documentation than the microscope itself, just to make it easily understandable by anyone. What else do you want people to know about this? Is there anything that I, someone who played with Legos as a kid but certainly isn't an engineer, wouldn’t know to ask about? It's not a scientific breakthrough, obviously, it's just putting components from the shelf together. Scientifically it's not interesting — compared to what we do in the lab, this is not something you'd publish in a high-end journal. But for many labs working on microfluidics, this could be a helpful benchmark tool. Editor’s note 4/30/2020: This story has been updated to clarify the definition of microfluidics, the size of the audience at conferences, and that Temiz and his team don't interact with medical patients. More on Legos: Lego Bricks Are Excellent Insulators at Cryogenic Temps Share This Article 
NASA announced today that it has awarded three massive contracts to develop lunar landing systems in an effort to return American astronauts to the Moon's surface as soon as 2024, as Ars Technica reports. "With these contract awards, America is moving forward with the final step needed to land astronauts on the Moon by 2024, including the incredible moment when we will see the first woman set foot on the lunar surface," NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine said in a statement. SpaceX received a $135 million contract to further develop the Super Heavy rocket-powered Starship. The massive spacecraft, currently in development, could one day carry up to 100 passengers to the Moon and beyond. A lunar optimized Starship can fly many times between the surface of the Moon and lunar orbit without flaps or heat shielding required for Earth return pic.twitter.com/Zpkldayy85 — SpaceX (@SpaceX) April 30, 2020  SpaceX's "proposal included an in-space propellent transfer demonstration and uncrewed test landing," wrote Bridenstine in a follow-up tweet. "SpaceX is really good at flying and testing — and failing and fixing," Bridenstine told Ars Technica's Eric Berger. "People are going to look at this and say, 'My goodness, we just saw Starship blow up again. Why are you giving them a contract?' The answer is because SpaceX is really good at iteratively testing and fixing." As for SpaceX CEO Elon Musk's qualities as a leader, Bridenstine sounded supportive. "I fully believe that Elon Musk is going to be successful," he told Berger. "He is focused like a laser on these activities." A $579 million contract was also awarded to Blue Origin. The Jeff Bezos-led space company announced its Blue Moon lunar lander in May of last year, which NASA is planning to use as a way to descend down to the Moon's surface. NASA also awarded $253 million contract to space company Dynetics, a partnership with Sierra Nevada Corporation, to build a reusable lander that could be launched atop a United Launch Alliance Vulcan rocket. Dynetics' "two-stage lander concept includes a single element with ascent" and "descent capabilities and a unique crew cabin that sits low to the Moon’s surface," according to a tweet by Bridenstine. NASA is giving itself ten months to assess which contracts to go ahead with to finalize the development of a future lunar lander. READ MORE: NASA awards lunar lander contracts to Blue Origin, Dynetics—and Starship [Ars Technica] More on Starship: SPACEX MANAGES TO TEST STARSHIP WITHOUT FAILING CATASTROPHICALLY Share This Article 
After a Trump-like Twitter rampage about the coronavirus lockdown, billionaire and Tesla CEO Elon Musk had another meltdown during a Wednesday call with analysts and investors. Long story short, the mercurial entrepreneur doesn't seem motivated by civil liberties. Instead, he's angry that his factory is shut down — and he's willing to put lives at risk to open it back up again. "We are a bit worried about not being able to resume production in the Bay Area," Musk said, as quoted by BuzzFeed News. "And that should be identified as a serious risk. We only have two car factories right now: one in Shanghai and one in the Bay Area, and the Bay Area produces the vast majority of our cars." Musk has a history of downplaying the global pandemic that has now claimed more than 228,000 lives worldwide. On March 19, for instance, he predicted there to be “close to zero new cases” by the “end of April." And on March 6, he called concern about the virus "dumb." Shelter-in-place orders have arguably saved the United States from a crisis of catastrophic proportions. As individual States are implementing plans to reopen their economies, the country is rapidly approaching a peak number of new cases and deaths. Yesterday, the CDC reported 23,901 new US cases — in just 24 hours. Musk claims to be upset at the government's decision to advise people to stay home. "But to say they cannot leave their house and they will be arrested if they do, this is fascist," he said on Wednesday's call. "This is not democratic. This is not freedom. Give people back their goddamn freedom." To be clear, Musk's comments are not based on fact. Most people are not being threatened with arrest. Current shelter-in-place provisions, including in the California county where Tesla's factory is located, allow people to leave their homes and shop for essentials — measures supported by an overwhelming majority of doctors and public health experts. That's a sharp reversal for Musk, who tweeted in 2017 that if "my words are against science, choose science." Now, though, Musk seems more concerned about the economy. "It will cause great harm, not just to Tesla, but to many companies," he said. "And while Tesla will weather the storm, there are many small companies that will not." Tesla reported better than expected sales for the first quarter of this year, with revenues just shy of $6 billion with share values rising considerably in after-hours trading. READ MORE: “What The Fuck?” Elon Musk Calls Coronavirus Shelter-In-Place Orders “Fascist.” [BuzzFeed News] More on Musk: Musk Joins Trump in Spreading Misinformation About Virus Share This Article 
"FREE AMERICA NOW," billionaire and entrepreneur Elon Musk tweeted early this morning. The message shares numerous similarities with U.S. President Donald Trump's own Twitter feed, where he's encouraged his voter base to "LIBERATE" — note the all-caps stylization — a number of states, amid a barrage of other factually dubious claims. Offline, Trump has made dangerous remarks about injecting disinfectant to rid the body of the coronavirus. Now, Musk seems to be embracing the same tone. "Give people their freedom back!" he wrote in a different tweet, including a link to a Wall Street Journal op-ed. "Bravo Texas!" Musk exclaimed in yet another tweet, with a link to a news story about Texas reopening restaurants and retailers. He even agreed with a Trumpian conspiracy theorist who argued that "the scariest thing about this pandemic is not the virus itself, it’s seeing American so easily bow down & give up their blood bought freedom to corrupt politicians who promise them safety." Medical experts have rebuked what they say is Musk's poor understanding of the pandemic. Famed doctor Eugene Gu, for instance, slapped down Musk's "FREE AMERICA" tweet with a damning rebuke. "On April 16, around 5,000 people died from COVID19," he wrote. "Extrapolating that for a year is 1.8 million." But it's important to note that the mercurial entrepreneur has been at this for a while. On March 19, for instance, he predicted there to be "close to zero new cases" by the "end of April." On March 6, he opined that "the coronavirus panic is dumb." Let's be clear: The United States is in no position to safely reopen. The country has passed the one million confirmed cases threshold just this week, far surpassing any other nation in the world. The death toll has surpassed the number of troop fatalities during the Vietnam War. Many healthcare experts have warned that opening States too soon could end up in even more bloodshed with even deadlier outcomes. Even Trump himself fretted that "it's just too soon" during a Wednesday daily White House news briefing. "The spas and the beauty parlors and the barber shops... I love them but they can want a little bit longer, just a little bit, not much, because safety has to predominate," he told reporters, in a stunning flip-flop. Experts have also warned of a much deadlier second wave of infections — words that individual business owners have luckily heeded. "I can’t risk the health of the members at the risk of the community for the sake of them pumping some iron," Bahram Akradi, a chief executive of a chain of gyms told The New York Times. In fact, without a lockdown and social distancing, the economy could be even worse off according to new research from the University of Cambridge. "Without public health restrictions, the random spread of the disease will inevitably hit sectors and industries that are essential for the economy to run," Giancarlo Corsetti, co-author of the working paper and economics professor at Cambridge, said in a statement. READ MORE: Elon Musk Tweets 'FREE AMERICA NOW' As His Coronavirus Predictions Prove Very Wrong [Gizmodo] More on Musk: ELON MUSK SAYS SPACEX COULD LAUNCH ORBITAL OBSERVATORIES Share This Article 
A new analysis found that during the early weeks of the coronavirus outbreak, the number of excess deaths in the US far exceeded the number of deaths attributed to COVID-19, according to The Washington Post. In other words, the numbers suggest that the pandemic's death toll could be vastly higher than what the government has been reporting so far. Official records collected from the beginning of March through early April and released by the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) were analyzed by a team of Yale School of Public Health experts. The analysis showed an estimated 15,4000 excess deaths — twice as many as those attributed to the deadly coronavirus at the time. The excess deaths, however, can't directly be blamed on the virus itself, as the number likely includes those who didn't seek medical treatment for other illnesses due to fear of catching the coronavirus at a medical treatment facility. Other factors, including statistical variabilities and fluctuations in different causes of death, could also explain the difference. Even correcting for lags in reporting numbers — something the NCHS's tally takes into consideration — only two thirds of excess deaths are accounted for, according to the Yale researchers. According to official accounts, about 55,000 people have died from the coronavirus nationwide. "The death toll is being held up by everyone, really, as a pretty direct metric for assessing the competence of the federal response," Jeremy Konyndyk, a former USAID official, told the Post. Some states are trying to get a better and more accurate look at how devastating the pandemic has really been. In a response to concerns that the death tally wasn't accurate, New York governor Andrew Cuomo agreed in a news conference last week that his state's numbers are "not an accurate total number of deaths, in my opinion," and conceded that "that number is going to go up." Share This Article 
A team of Russian scientists have gene-hacked two species of the tobacco plant to emit a visible glow — around the clock, for the entire duration of their life cycle. A stunning video shows off the science fiction-like effect. Scientists have coaxed other plants to glow by injecting them with chemicals — but these new plants exhibit bioluminescence without such intervention, as ScienceAlert points out. The goal isn't just to light up the next greenhouse like a Christmas tree. The scientists want to learn how plants' metabolisms work by looking at the way they react to external environments. To get the plants to glow, the team used a "fungal bioluminescence system" that's capable of turning a common acid found in all plants into luciferin, the compound in organisms that can generate bioluminescence, as outlined in the scientists' paper published in the journal Nature this week. The phenomenon is bright enough to be visible to the naked eye, but not powerful enough to read a book, according to ScienceAlert. The glowing effect didn't interfere with any of the plant's natural functions, including "overall phenotype, chlorophyll and carotenoid content, flowering time and seed germination," according to the paper, except for a "12 percent increase in median height of transgenic plants." The scientists have already gene-hacked other more popular flowering plants including petunias and roses. In fact, "although caffeic acid is not native to animals, autonomous luminescence could also be enabled in animals," the paper reads. READ MORE: Scientists Engineer Gorgeous Glowing Plants That Shine Bright Their Entire Life Cycle [Science Alert] More on glowing plants: MIT Engineers Develop Glowing Plants Using Nanoparticles Share This Article 
Los Angeles-based design company Production Club has dreamed up a virus-proof half-body suit concept called the "Micrashell" that could allow us to one day safely attend film festivals, concerts and sports events during or after a global pandemic — without having to stand six feet apart. The company calls it a "personal protective equipment design concept that allows for human-to-human interaction in group setting" in a press release. "The Micrashell is a virus-shielded, easy to control, fun to wear, disinfectable, fast to deploy suit that allows socializing without distancing." The suit — which only covers roughly the top third of the body — features cut-resistant fabric, an air-filtration helmet, a clear shield for good visibility, wireless voice communication, a video camera, and of course an accompanying smartphone app. Lights along the suit can even indicate what the user's mood is in or display messages. "For example, a rainbow lighting chase effect across your suit can express joy, while a static red light could express 'busy'," reads the press release. Want to have a drink or smoke inside the suit? No problem. According to an official description, "users will be able to safely consume drinks and vape via specially designed loading chambers underneath the helmet." Having it only be a half-suit also solves the issue of having to go to the bathroom. "It would be a huge pain to have to take it off every time you needed to go to the washroom," head of invention Miguel Risueño told Fast Company. Or even intimacy. "We also tried to make sure that if you wanted to have sex, it’s also something you could do," Risueño added. Despite it being a concept, the ideas behind it aren't quite as outrageous as they sound. "The principle designing the suit was, knowing this is a time-sensitive matter, let’s not pack it with sci-fi features that don’t yet exist and will be roadblocks, but [let’s] use technologies that are available to us,” Risueño told Fast Company. "If we don’t do that, we’re just navel-gazing instead of actually trying to solve a problem." "We believe events are essential to the human experience and create the memories that define our lives," Production Club’s head of special projects Corey Johnson said in the release. "While we might not see a Coachella-sized event for some time, we are excited by the challenge to create innovative solutions to push forward quality live entertainment and human connection," Johnson added. READ MORE: Concerts will never be the same after COVID-19. Here’s what you could wear to bring them back [Fast Company] More on the virus: NEW ZEALAND CLAIMS TO HAVE ELIMINATED COVID-19 Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Traditional sportswear and shoe companies have made a lot of innovations to sneakers over the last few decades. Thanks to the development of new high-tech materials, our favorite shoes have become lighter, more breathable, and more comfortable than ever. But now, a new kind of shoe company is taking the evolution of the sneaker to the next level by making them tougher. That company is Indestructible Shoes, and they've made stylish sneakers that can protect your feet like a pair of steel toe boots. Sneakers are the most popular form of footwear in the world. Americans alone spend roughly $20 billion on sneakers every single year. Unfortunately, regular sneakers are not very durable, and they provide almost no protection from anything. And that means they’re not ideal for physically demanding jobs, hazardous workplaces, activities in the great outdoors, or home renovation and landscaping projects. Luckily, Indestructible Shoes is out to change that. Indestructible Shoes uses high-tech materials that are ultra-strong and ultra-lightweight to make comfortable sneakers that protect your feet like a heavy-duty steel toe boot. Every pair has steel toes, skid-proof grips, shock-absorption technology, anti-puncture heels, and electric shock insulation, among other features. That makes them ideal for anyone who works in construction, healthcare, law enforcement, security, or restaurants, as well as people who lift weights and the gym or do a lot of work around the house. And the best part is you don’t have to sacrifice style for comfort and safety. Because Indestructible Shoes look amazing. Don’t believe it? See for yourself. Below you’ll find some of Indestructible Shoes’ most popular styles. The Galaxy is one of Indestructible Shoes’ most well-rounded and versatile shoes. It features a classic sneaker design, amazing safety features, and incredible comfort that will keep your feet and legs comfy and safe no matter what. The upper is constructed from a high-tech breathable material called fly-mesh knit that wicks moisture to keep your feet feeling fresh all day long. It also features an extra-tall lace cage for maximum stability. The soles are springy and flexible, with a specially designed no-slip grip for maximum stability. Underneath the Galaxy’s stylish exteriors are European steel toes and a puncture-resistant sole to protect your feet from all manner of injuries. But despite all that protection, these shoes are still incredibly light, with each shoe weighing in at less than a pound. The Galaxy Gray, pictured above, features a high-contrast white outsole and trendy textured knit upper for an extra sporty look. The Galaxy Black has the exact same technical specifications as the Galaxy Gray. However, its sleek, all-black silhouette is more inconspicuous and better suited to certain aesthetics and occupations. The Ryder isn’t just one of Indestructible Shoes’ most popular designs. It’s one of the most revolutionary shoes ever made. The stylish upper is made from extra-breathable, moisture-wicking flymesh, which means it’s pretty much impossible for your feet to get hot and stinky. The shoe features a padded insole for superior cushioning and all-day support; an extremely flexible, puncture-resistant, no-slip outsole made out of military-grade Kevlar; and of course steel toes to make sure your feet don’t get crushed by tools, supplies, weights, or anything else in and around your house. However, despite this heavy-duty protection, each shoe weighs less than one pound. And of course, they look amazing. The Gravity is not quite as breathable as the Ryder. However, the ultra-light, ultra-stylish shoe is 100-percent WATERPROOF. That makes it ideal for working in wet, mucky conditions. Each shoe weighs less than one pound, which prevents your feet from getting tired. A cushy midsole provides whole-body relief no matter how strenuous the activity, while the stretchable sock-like upper makes these shoes easy to slip on and off, saving both time and your back. And of course for safety, the Gravity features European steel toes and puncture-resistant no-slip outsoles made out of military-grade Kevlar. For those looking for something with an edge, one of Indestructible Shoes’ newest and boldest sneaker designs also happens to be their most comfortable. The Xciter features European steel toes and extra-large no-slip outsoles for maximum grip. The upper is made of breathable moisture-wicking flymesh. The insole features 3D arch support and extra padding in the heel cup. And the outsole features a revolutionary shock-absorbing suspension system that provides whole-body relief from the pressure of strenuous weightlifting. The Xciter collection is available in black, gray, and green. If you’re looking for a pair of stylish, comfortable sneakers that can take a beating like steel toe boots, you need to check out Indestructible Shoes. Share This Article 
A cutting-edge implant has allowed a man to feel and move his hand again after a spinal cord injury left him partially paralyzed, Wired reports. According to a press release, it's the first time both motor function and sense of touch have been restored using a brain-computer interface (BCI), as described in a paper published in the journal Cell. After severing his spinal cord a decade ago, Ian Burkhart had a BCI developed by researchers at Battelle, a private nonprofit specializing in medical tech, implanted in his brain in 2014. The injury completely disconnected the electrical signals going from Burkhart's brain to his hands, through the spinal cord. But the researchers figured they could skip the spinal cord to hook up Burkhart's primary motor cortex to his hands through a relay. A port in the back of his skull sends signals to a computer. Special software decodes the signals and splits them between signals corresponding to motion and touch respectively. Both of these signals are then sent out to a sleeve of electrodes around Burkhart's forearm. But making sense of these signals is extremely difficult. "We’re separating thoughts that are occurring almost simultaneously and are related to movements and sub-perceptual touch, which is a big challenge,” lead researcher at Battelle Patrick Ganzer told Wired. The team saw some early successes regarding movement — the initial goal of the BCI — allowing Burkhart to press buttons along the neck of a "Guitar Hero" controller. But returning touch to his hand was a much more daunting task. By using a simple vibration device or "wearable haptic system," Burkhart was able to tell if he was touching an object or not without seeing it. "It’s definitely strange," Burkhart told Wired. "It’s still not normal, but it’s definitely much better than not having any sensory information going back to my body." READ MORE: A Brain Implant Restored This Man's Motion and Sense of Touch [Wired] More on BCIs: NEW BRAIN IMPLANT COULD TRANSLATE PARALYZED PEOPLE’S THOUGHTS INTO SPEECH Share This Article 
As the number of cases and deaths resulting from COVID-19 continues to rise in the US, hospitals are quickly running out of ventilators, which are machines that take care of breathing for patients who are experiencing severe pneumonia or acute respiratory distress syndrome. But the prognosis for a COVID-19 patient hooked up to a ventilator appears grim: about 88 percent of those placed on ventilators died at Northwell Health, New York's largest health system, according to a new study. Of the 2,634 hospitalized patients for whom outcomes were known (the study looked at 5,700 patients in total), only 12 percent received "invasive mechanical ventilation." Overall, 21 percent of the patients passed away. "New York has become the epicenter of this epidemic," Karina Davidson, professor and senior vice president at the Feinstein Institutes, and co-author of the study, said in a statement. "Clinicians, scientists, statisticians and laboratory professionals are working tirelessly to provide best care and comfort to the thousands of COVID-19 patients in our Northwell hospitals." A third of all patients — including ones for whom outcomes weren't known — had a fever. 1,584 received supplemental oxygen. Patients were discharged after an average of four days. More than half — 57 percent — had high blood pressure, while 41 percent were obese and 34 percent had diabetes. The study was also able to confirm that men were more likely to die. In the entire population the researchers studied, not a single patient under 18 died. Share This Article 
In 2019, astronomers made an incredible discovery: a comet from a different star system making a close approach to the Sun at an extremely unusual trajectory, which was later named "2I/Borisov" after the amateur astronomer who discovered it. Observations suggest that its home star system could resemble our own. NASA scientists have even suggested that the object may hold water. Now, a new study by an international team of researchers led by NASA has revealed something highly unusual: gas emanating from the comet contained unusually high amounts of carbon monoxide — up to 26 times higher than that of the average comet. "This is the first time we’ve ever looked inside a comet from outside our solar system and it is dramatically different from most other comets we’ve seen before," Martin Cordiner, astrochemist at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center and lead author of the study published in the journal Nature Astronomy said in a statement. The fact that they found any carbon monoxide isn't in itself unusual. It's one of the most commonly found molecules in space. But the extremely high concentration puzzled the researchers. "The comet must have formed from material very rich in CO ice, which is only present at the lowest temperatures found in space, below -420 degrees Fahrenheit (-250 degrees Celsius)," Stefanie Milam, planetary scientist at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center and co-author of the study, said in the statement. They believe the abundance of the gas could tell us about the comet's home. "If the gases we observed reflect the composition of 2I/Borisov’s birthplace, then it shows that it may have formed in a different way than our own solar system comets, in an extremely cold, outer region of a distant planetary system," said Cordiner. Scientists suggest that 2l/Borisov could've spent billions of years traveling through the extreme colds of interstellar space after being yeeted out of its host system as it came near a passing star. But we still can't pinpoint what it's home system looks like just yet. "2I/Borisov gave us the first glimpse into the chemistry that shaped another planetary system," said Milam. "But only when we can compare the object to other interstellar comets, will we learn whether 2I/Borisov is a special case, or if every interstellar object has unusually high levels of CO." READ MORE: Strange ingredient in interstellar Comet Borisov offers a clue to its origins [Space.com] More on Borisov: NASA SCIENTISTS SAY INTERSTELLAR OBJECT MAY HOLD ALIEN WATER Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Paper towels are a great thing to have around the kitchen for cleaning up messes and spills. But like most other disposable products, many people end up paying a lot of money for something that gets thrown in the trash. In fact, the average American consumer spends around $4 per week on paper towels, which comes out to over $200 per year. So if you’re looking for a way to tighten up your budget while also lowering your environmental footprint, ThreeMain Paperless Towels are for you. These reusable kitchen towels cost just $9.99 for a five-pack, and they're made to last you all year. That's much better for your wallet as well as the planet. Paper towels are responsible for 110 million trees getting cut down every year. And of all those paper towels, 3,000 tons are currently residing in landfills across the country. With ThreeMain Paperless Towels, you can do your part to trim down both of those somewhat upsetting figures, which makes them the definition of a win-win. Of course, it would all be moot if ThreeMain Paperless Towels didn’t work as well as regular paper towels. Many of us are familiar with the experience of making a purchase of something that purports to be an “environmentally friendly” alternative to a common everyday product, only to find that it simply doesn't work. But ThreeMain Paperless Towels don’t fall into that category. Not only do they replace your paper towels, but they actually work better at cleaning up spills. Their elegant Birdseye Cotton construction lets you clean without leaving behind any of the streaks or fibers you might be used to seeing on your countertops or glass surfaces. They’re also more absorbent than paper towels, as well as most of the so-called high-absorbency towels and rags that currently hang in your kitchen. Each ThreeMain Paperless Towel measures in at 9 x 9 inches and is designed to be washed whenever required. To wash, just toss them in your machine on cold, but without fabric softener, and you'll be good to go. These reusable towels are durable enough to last through at least a year of regular use. So, if you're ready to experience ThreeMain Paperless Towels for yourself, upgrade from your regular paper towels today by heading over to the ThreeMain online store. You won't regret it, and neither will your wallet (or the planet). Share This Article 
A new study by astronomers at the University of Pennsylvania brings into question the existence of Planet Nine — a long-suspected ninth planet in our solar system that orbits the Sun beyond Neptune, New Scientist reports. Since 2014, astronomers have proposed a variety of possibilities that could explain strange behavior exhibited by "trans-Neptunian objects" — small celestial bodies that orbit our star beyond Neptune — arguing that they could be influenced by the gravitational pull of a huge and still-undiscovered ninth planet, five times the mass of Earth. Others have argued that Planet Nine is simply a cluster of smaller space rocks. Now, though, the Pennsylvania researchers analyzed data from the Dark Energy Survey, a visible and near-infrared survey conducted at an observatory in Chile, and found no evidence of any "extreme trans-Neptunian objects" clumping together. "We would not have formulated the Planet Nine idea if our data was the only data that existed," Pedro Bernardinelli, lead author of the paper submitted to preprint archive arXiv earlier this month, and astronomer at the University of Pennsylvania, told New Scientist. Bernardinelli also led a different study, published in March, which claimed to have discovered 139 minor planets — worlds too small to be considered proper planets, but not comets or space rocks either — orbiting the Sun beyond Neptune using Dark Energy Survey data. "As we’re finding more of these distant objects, the distribution starts to look more even," Samantha Lawler at the University of Regina, Canada, who was not involved in the study, told New Scientist. "It’s pretty bad for the idea of Planet Nine." According to Lawler, though, we shouldn't conclude that Planet Nine can't exist. "The way that the Planet Nine hypothesis is constructed is that it’s completely impossible to falsify it — the only way to prove it’s not there is to search every square centimeter of the sky and not find it," she added. Supporters of the Planet Nine hypothesis are still holding out hope, however. They claim that there simply isn't enough data on to arrive at an answer since the unusual orbits of trans-Neptunian objects would take them to extreme distances from the Sun, where they'd become incredibly difficult to spot. READ MORE: Mysterious ‘Planet Nine’ on the solar system’s edge may not be real [New Scientist] More on TNOs: Scientists Discover 139 New “Minor Planets” in Our Solar System Share This Article 
Back when artificial intelligence development company OpenAI created the text-writing algorithm GPT-2, it initially said it was too dangerous to release into the world. Of course, it eventually did did release a full version of the neural network. By and large, it turned out that people were more interested in using GPT-2 as an AI dungeon master than churning out the endless torrent of fake news and propaganda that OpenAI had worried about. But one evil genius slipped through the cracks: Tiago, a student who's getting his master's degree in business, told Futurism that he been using GPT-2 to write essays for his coursework. He was willing to share his story — and copies of his AI-generated essays — on the condition that Futurism didn't share identifying information beyond his first name. "I don't know if it qualifies as plagiarism," Tiago told Futurism. "I figure no, maybe, but that's not a gamble I'd like to take right now." Below is Futurism's conversation with Tiago, which has been lightly edited for clarity. So, you used the AI algorithm GPT-2 to write one of your homework assignments. I have to say, that's an incredible move to pull off. Tiago: Well, not that amazing. I would say, all my friends that work in tech and the STEM fields don't understand how poor the business school curriculum is in general. It's not as much a feat for GPT-2, I'd say, as proof of the poorness of business school's curriculum. You couldn't write an essay on science that could be anywhere near as convincing using the methods that I used. Many of the courses that I take in business school wouldn't make it possible as well. However, some particular courses are less information-dense, and so if you can manage to write a few pages with some kind of structure and some kind of argument, you can get through. It's not that great of an achievement, I would say, for GPT-2. What was the actual assignment? We did a presentation on some kind of business case, and then we had to do a follow-up essay. Three to five pages on that business case, and what it meant. It's weird to explain. I would have to say also I'm more pessimistic than the average business school student — those courses that revolve around the business cases are not as fact-based as courses you might be used to. Because business cases are not like a theorem, they're more like a parable. It could be "how innovation is important" or something like that. You can take any conclusion that you want, and if it makes sense and if it fits in the more general narrative, you are assured a passing grade. It's very far from publishing an academic essay — I'd like to stress that point. What gave you the idea to use GPT-2 for this assignment in particular? I read an article about a student contest for essays on climate change. One of the entries was not a student, but a journalist at The Economist who used GPT-2 to write an entry. It was a very close experiment to my essay. At that point, I started looking up how I could use GPT-2 to write essays in some of my classes. However, I do not have a technical background at all, so it was too much for me. One thing that was made available between that time and the essay that I wrote was a tool, Talktotransformer.com, which makes GPT-2 accessible to everyone through a web browser. I don't know the details, but that's what made it possible for someone with a non-technical background like me to use GPT-2 to write my essay. How did you actually write the essay? Did you have a game plan going in, or did you basically put some writing into TalkToTransformer and hope for the best? Basically, I wrote the outline of my essay, with a few sentences or a paragraph per section, each with a point. And then I fed the first sentence of each paragraph that I wrote, fed it to GPT-2, and I got a full paragraph. I had to iterate a few times to get something that was close to what I was looking for, and then I put it back in my word document and went to my next paragraph. So you provided one sentence per paragraph, sort of like a topic sentence, and let the algorithm fill it out? I wrote the structure and one sentence per paragraph. All the information that was in that final essay was in that structure, but the sentences were added by GPT-2. It added false quotes sometimes, or false information about the companies I was talking about. I found adding words like "innovation," "synergy," and stuff like that made the essay sound more suited for the course. I did it for two essays in two different courses. What I figured as I was doing it was that if I write my first sentence in a certain way, it increases the probability that the paragraph will look how I want it to. So, if I use the words that are in a lot of business review articles, then the probability of similar words and similar points being made in the generated paragraph was increased. What did you think of the output? Did it seem believable to you? Did you have to fix any errors? I would write the first sentence of the paragraph, let's say the point of the paragraph is "Starbucks has innovated by raising the quality of its coffee." I would write a sentence that encompasses the whole point, and then I would feed it to GPT-2, and then I would get a paragraph. I would generate again until I get something that I found more or less believable. Some sentences would generate paragraphs in different tones. So, for instance, if I used some keywords, it would write a quote from the Starbucks CEO like what he would say in a shareholders meeting. But if I wrote it slightly differently, it might produce something about how to make coffee. So you didn't change the paragraph at all once it looked about right? There was light editing. Removing a sentence from a paragraph or adding it elsewhere. Sometimes GPT-2 would start a quote without ending it, so I would have to remove it. Or it would make some bold claims that I was not comfortable with because they were factually false. Those I would remove. And how was it received? Did the paper get a passing grade? Both times I passed. But there was not much feedback on one of them, just a grade. And the second one, there was a grade on relationship to the subject, whether it got the point across. It did get an okay grade. I don't have the grades for other students, but I think 80 percent of the class passed. It's hard to tell. I passed and some students didn't, but I was far from the best. I was clearly one of the worst ones that did pass. It was okay for me because I'm at the end of my masters and this was one of my last classes. For me, it was just pass or fail. Were you nervous at all when you were submitting the work? Were you concerned that you'd be found out? I was confident enough to turn it in. However, I then was looking online and found out there's a really easy way to find out if an essay was written by GPT-2. It's to feed it to GPT-2 and if it's able to predict the next words, then it was written by the AI. It's easier to find out than normal plagiarism. I knew that the business school had software that they were using to look out for plagiarism in all the essays that are turned in to their online platform, which is how I turned in my essays. So I was slightly worried that the company that sold them the anti-plagiarism software would have made an update. I don't think the professors even considered the possibility of GPT-2 writing the essays, but I was slightly worried that the company making the software added a module. But not that much. Were you surprised when you passed? Not really. I think it's hard to get across to people who didn't study in business school how poor the standards are for essays that are turned in. I think the professors are too proud to think of the possibility of AI writing an essay. But it was really easy to do. I think it will become an issue for business schools in the future, and unfortunately for students, it's easily solved through anti-plagiarism software. I know you're basically done with school. But if you had more ahead of you, would you do this again? Or was it more of a fun experiment for you? Yeah, this is something I'd do again. You just can't expect a good grade. The final essay is pretty poor, it's just not poor enough for the professor to fail you. More on GPT-2: Now You Can Experiment With OpenAI’s “Dangerous” Fake News AI Share This Article 
Small clusters of anti-quarantine protests are breaking out across the country, with participants defying state-imposed shelter-at-home policies implemented to safeguard public health during the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. The decision to gather in large numbers while the country is approaching peak numbers of cases and deaths isn't just a direct threat to their own health and the communities that surround them. It could set the US back several months of self-quarantine and social distancing measures. According to Politico, Facebook has been removing anti-quarantine protest pages that defy stay-at-home orders. "Unless government prohibits the event during this time, we allow it to be organized on Facebook,” a spokesperson told Politico. "For this same reason, events that defy government's guidance on social distancing aren’t allowed on Facebook." The protesters demanded their states to end the lockdowns to save ailing economies and return communities to normal life. Their decision to gather in large numbers — in Michigan the number of protesters, albeit sitting in cars, was in the thousands — was in defiance of coronavirus-related federal rules, mandating that no more than ten people should be gathered in one place. Yet the threat to the health of individual protesters — and the people around them — is very real. As has been shown in numerous studies, the virus is capable of  spreading through tiny droplets and aerosol particles in the air — even talking and breathing might be enough to infect others. The closer people cluster together, the easier it is for it to be transmitted from person to person, even if the carrier is showing no symptoms at all. Meanwhile, numbers in the country are surging. Last week, the US broke its daily COVID-19 related death toll record with 4,591 deaths in just 24 hours. In a characteristically short-sighted and self-sabotaging move, president Donald Trump encouraged individual US states to riot in the streets, tweeting on Friday that protesters should "liberate" Michigan, Minnesota, and Virginia. It's a move that was quickly criticized by governors from both sides of the aisle. Governor Jay Inslee (D-WA) called the tweets "unhinged" in an ABC News interview and warned that Trump's calls could "lead to violence." Even Trump himself may have had a change of heart, saying on Sunday that "some of the things that happened are maybe not so appropriate," as quoted by Bloomberg. The message from Anthony Fauci, the White House's top infectious disease expert, is clear. "Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen,” Fauci said on Good Morning America over the weekend. "So what you do if you jump the gun and go into a situation where you have a big spike, you’re going to set yourself back." "So as painful as it is to go by the careful guidelines of gradually phasing into a reopening, it’s going to backfire," Fauci added. "That’s the problem." READ MORE: Facebook takes down event pages for several anti-quarantine protests [Ars Technica] More on the pandemic: Watch Thousands of Protesters Stand Six Feet Apart Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Even with millions of people now working from home, many Internet users are resigned to the fact that our online activity is up for sale to the highest bidder. Instead of being outraged, we accept outrageous invasions of privacy as the price we pay for using social media and other websites. But the truth is, you can help maintain the privacy and security of both your personal and professional activity by using a trusted virtual private network, or VPN. And when it comes to choosing the right VPN, NordVPN is one of the best in the business. NordVPN encrypts all of your online activity to protect it from prying eyes. As a result, would-be hackers, online advertisers, and even your own Internet service provider won't be able to snoop. Using a VPN will also mask your IP address, which helps protect your identity and location. And when you use NordVPN, you don't have to sacrifice speed or performance. That's because NordVPN offers more than 5,800 super-fast servers around the world, which allows you to work, browse, or stream securely form home and with lightning speed. This wide array of servers also allows you to get around various geographic restrictions you might encounter online. If you’re worried about the complexity of using a VPN, don't be. NordVPN is designed to be easy enough for anyone to use. After an initial, simple setup, all you have to do is give the NordVPN app a single click, and you'll be protected. And for added security, NordVPN doesn't log your online activity. Best of all, NordVPN's prices are incredibly reasonable. While they do offer monthly and yearly plans, a three-year plan is the best value. It comes out to just $3.49 per month, a discount of some 70 percent compared to the standard monthly rate. But whatever plan you decide on, you’ll be getting a NordVPN subscription that's compatible with a wide variety of operating systems, including Windows, macOS, Linux, Android, and iOS. And a single subscription will let you protect up to six different devices at a time, including your smart TV and router. You’ll also have access to NordVPN's acclaimed 24/7 technical support just in case you encounter any issues. But don't take our word for it. Max Eddy is a technology expert and software analyst for PCMag. If you’re still not convinced that NordVPN is right for you, perhaps his review will change your mind: “As VPN services go, it's hard to beat NordVPN. It has a large and diverse collection of servers, an excellent collection of advanced features, strong privacy and security practices, and approachable clients for every major platform.” So if you’re ready to tighten up your online security and privacy head over to the official NordVPN site right here and sign up today. Share This Article 
More than 2,000 Israeli citizens flooded Tel Aviv's Rabin Square on Sunday to protest their government's overreaching coronavirus policies — while standing six feet apart, in line with social distancing guidelines. Aerial images and videos of the square show a strikingly consistent web of evenly spaced people. הוידאו הזה שווה ציוץ מחודש.@ynetalerts pic.twitter.com/swcijMR3rI — איתי בלומנטל Itay Blumental (@ItayBlumental) April 19, 2020  It's a fascinating look at the realities of political protesting in the age of coronavirus. On one hand, dissent is important for democracy. But on the other, large crowds of people gathering in the streets can give the virus a great opportunity to spread. "This is how democracies die in the 21st century," Yair Lapid, chairman of the country's centrist political party Yesh Atid, said in his speech as quoted by Haaretz, "They don't die because tanks overtake parliament, they die from the inside." מחאת הדגלים השחורים (  צולם  בתחילת ההפגנה) pic.twitter.com/LKDBzG9Z0y — Tomer Appelbaum (@tomerappelbaum) April 19, 2020  The protests are part of the "Black Flag" movement, which started last month when hundreds of cars drove to Jerusalem to protest anti-democratic coronavirus policies. The protest was aimed at anti-democratic measures passed by prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu during the ongoing pandemic, which critics say are being used to consolidate power. "A person with indictments can’t appoint a police chief, a state prosecutor, an attorney general, the judges who will deal with his case," Lapid said during his speech. "What connects all the groups and causes is the shout out for Israeli democracy that is being harmed these days by Netanyahu and his allies," Shaqued Morag, executive director of the anti-occupation group Peace Now, told TIME. Despite the protests, polls have shown that more than 50 percent of the population approved of his handling of the ongoing pandemic. "They say, ‘We’ll fight from the inside.’ You won’t fight from the inside," Lapid said in his remarks. "You don’t fight corruption from within. If you’re inside, you’re part of it." READ MORE: Thousands of Israelis maintain social distancing while protesting Netanyahu [Axios] More on the pandemic: Experts: US Will Need 20 Million Tests per Day to Reopen Safely Share This Article 
First, there was "flattening the curve." For many parts of the world, that conversation is now shifting towards "contact tracing" — keeping track of those who tested positive, negative, and those who are at risk of being exposed — as governments grasp for a solution to reopening their economies in a post-peak coronavirus world. But the threat of a resurgence is still top of mind. Open too quickly, and cases will surge. Too late, and the economic consequences will be even more devastating than they already are. China has taken the lead with mobile technology that relies on scanning QR codes and an app. The goal is to curb the spread of the coronavirus by indicating who can go where, CNN reports. "Technology now plays a critical role in containing the pandemic," Xian-Sheng Hua, a health AI expert at China's e-commerce giant Alibaba, told CNN. Here's how it works: Chinese citizens have to give up their national identity number or passport number, as well as their phone number. The app then asks them to complete a questionnaire about travel history and current symptoms. According to CNN, authorities then verify this information and are assigned a color. The color on the screen determines your options, based on your current health status: green means that you're good to go, yellow means you've been close to somebody who's been sick, and red means you have to stay home. How exactly the app determines if you have a yellow or red score is still unclear. Critics argue it could lead to abuses of power and the targeting of marginalized groups. In order to safely reopen their doors, many businesses in Chinese cities are posting public-facing QR codes that potential customers must scan using their smartphone. "I want to go to a Japanese restaurant," reporter Eunice Yoon explained in a CNBC report from earlier this week. "To get into the building, not only do I have to get my temperature checked and register my name, but I also need to scan this QR code that shows where I've been in the past 14 days." Singapore also implemented a similar contact tracing app last month called TraceTogether. But the app has seen only limited success with only 12 percent of the population having installed it, according to The Guardian. A system implemented in Moscow, Russia requires people to download a QR code to move around the city. They first have to register on a government website and declare their intended route in advance. The QR code then gives them the authorization to leave the house. In the US, tech giants Apple and Google announced a joint effort to bring contact tracing to the Western world. Their tracking app is designed to tell you if you've recently been exposed to somebody who tested positive by taking advantage of low-power Bluetooth technology. Software that will allow the app to work across both Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android mobile platforms and devices is in the works, but a full-fledged app is still "months" out, according to the companies. Plenty of other countries are working on their own solutions. Germany and the UK have announced plans for their own apps. Privacy concerns over the extensive collection of location and health data might delay the rollout, particularly in Germany. Privacy advocates argue that such an app is "highly problematic," as the Financial Times reports. But experts argue it's the sensible way to go forward. "If we want to emerge from these restrictions on contact, then we need another tool,” Christian Drosten from the Virology Institute of Berlin’s Charité hospital and notable commentator on Germany’s coronavirus response, told the Financial Times. "We really need this app and we need to persuade as many people as possible to use it," he added. READ MORE: China is fighting the coronavirus with a digital QR code. Here's how it works [The Guardian] More on contact tracing: Apple and Google to Launch App for Tracking the Coronavirus Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Let’s face it: right now, most of us are watching more television than ever. And if you’ve found yourself with a little extra couch time, you might have noticed that even with an abundance of online streaming options at your fingertips, it’s easy to find yourself stuck in a rut of mind-rotting reality TV and warmed over sitcoms. So if you’re looking for programing of a more intellectually challenging nature, consider CuriosityStream, a dedicated streaming service for entertaining, informational documentary series and films with a focus on science and technology. Created by the founder of the Discovery Channel, CuriosityStream boasts a world class streaming library of documentary content in a wide variety of educational categories, including science, history, technology, nature, society, and lifestyle. There's even a special section for kids. If you're curious about individual programs, you should take a look at the CuriosityStream website to browse the catalog in depth. But here’s a sampling of the CuriosityStream originals that millions of subscribers already have access to with no regional restrictions: And that’s only the very tip of the iceberg when it comes to the CuriosityStream library. Drill down deeper and you’ll find documentary films and series on virtually any educational subject you can imagine. So this is an especially valuable asset if you happen to have a kid or two stuck in the house and looking for something to do. The people behind CuriosityStream know that having access to a good supply of quality, intellectually stimulating entertainment is more important than ever, so they’ve cut their already low prices down to a rate that makes it harder than ever to pass up. Both annual CuriosityStream plans, the standard HD plan and the 4K ultra-high definition plan for videophiles, have been slashed by 40 percent. That means that the standard plan now costs just $11.99 for an entire year, while the 4K plan costs $41.99 a year. And if still not sold, you can still get CuriosityStream by the month instead, for $2.99 or $9.99 for 4K. And of course, both plans include unlimited streaming across any and all compatible devices with no regional restrictions. So if you're ready to experience what a streaming service can be, head over to CuriosityStream’s official site here and sign up now. Share This Article 
Infection rates, mortality rates, flattening the curve, vaccine development, antibody tests. The COVID-19 pandemic can feel reminiscent of a zombie movie — with emptied out streets, crowded hospitals, and the majority of people holed up at home. In a series of tweets, Bucknell University anthropologist Clare Sammells, who teaches a course about zombies, examines the parallels between the coronavirus and a zombie apocalypse. Thankfully, she argues, "zombies are far less likely to cause a global pandemic than COVID-19." That's in large part because "with a zombie epidemic, you would immediately know who was infected," Sammells writes. And there's little moral ambiguity about just shooting them, since they're now mindless husks. The current coronavirus outbreak, she writes, has a long "asymptomatic incubation period," meaning that people are spreading the virus without showing any signs that they are infected — unlike zombies, they don't shamble around and devour brains. Zombie movies also rarely include the possibility of a vaccine — or at least they don't work the way we know them to work in the real world. "A vaccine implies that exposure to a weakened version of the infection allows the body to build up immunity," Sammells writes. "But with this kind of zombism, a vaccine would still turn people because there is no "mild" version of the disease." That also means there's no possibility of a "herd immunity" in zombie movies where enough people's bodies have developed ways to fight the disease outright, protecting the more vulnerable in the population. To Sammells, there's another "suspension of belief" moment for zombie films: total breakdown of society. "In zombie films and TV, there is an assumption that if institutions such as the police, prison system, federal government, and military fall away, that people would turn into the worst versions of themselves," she writes. But what we've seen so far during the current COVID-19 pandemic is something entirely different — and far more positive. "What we are actually seeing in the COVID-19 pandemic is not a collapse of society, but its strengthening from the group up," she writes. "People are creating neighborhood networks. They are reaching out to friends to offer help. They are showing care and concern for each other." "So if you want to watch zombie movies while you are stuck at home, I’m all in favor — just remember that’s not really what’s going on outside," Sammell concludes. READ MORE: Clare Sammells on Twitter More on zombies: Newly-Invented “Zombie-Like Cells” Act Alive “Despite Being Dead” Share This Article 
An international team of scientists have discovered an exciting Earth-sized exoplanet that's capable of supporting liquid water. "This intriguing, distant world gives us even greater hope that a second Earth lies among the stars, waiting to be found,"  Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator of NASA’s Science Mission Directorate in Washington, who was not part of the research, said in a statement. The exoplanet, called Kepler -1649c, orbits its small red dwarf star within the system's habitable zone, a distance at which rocky planets receive enough star radiation to allow for liquid water to exist. It's almost precisely the same size as large as Earth and receives 75 percent of the amount of light Earth receives from the Sun. In other words, it's a distant world that's likelier than many others to support life. At 300 light-years from Earth, it's the most similar to Earth in size and estimated temperature out of the thousands of exoplanets discovered by the Kepler space telescope, according to the researchers. But plenty of questions remain before we can definitively say that the planet is capable of supporting life. For one, we don't know what its atmosphere looks like — the key determinant of the planet's surface temperature. The team made the discovery while re-analzying older observations from NASA's now-retired Kepler space telescope program. Kepler -1649c orbits its star at an extremely short distance — a full revolution takes only 19.5 Earth days — alongside a similarly sized rocky planet that orbits at half the distance of Kepler-1649c. "Out of all the mislabeled planets we've recovered, this one's particularly exciting — not just because it's in the habitable zone and Earth-size, but because of how it might interact with this neighboring planet," Andrew Vanderburg, researcher at the University of Texas at Austin and lead author of the paper published today in The Astrophysical Journal Letters, said in the statement. The two rocky planets orbit their host star at an exact ratio: Kepler-1649c completes nine orbits in almost exactly the same time the inner planet completes four orbits. The researchers believe this could make the system extremely stable over a long period of time. "The more data we get, the more signs we see pointing to the notion that potentially habitable and Earth-size exoplanets are common around these kinds of stars," said Vanderburg. "With red dwarfs almost everywhere around our galaxy, and these small, potentially habitable and rocky planets around them, the chance one of them isn't too different than our Earth looks a bit brighter," he added. READ MORE: New Earth-sized planet found in habitable sweet-spot orbit around a distant star [TechCrunch] More on exoplanets: Bizarre Exoplanet Might Be a Gas Giant That Lost its Gas Share This Article 
In an as-told-to essay for Vox, an anonymous 70-year-old male coronavirus patient describes his stay at the Javits Center in New York City, a convention hall that the military transformed into a field hospital to treat COVID-19 patients in less than a week. Without the coronavirus around, the hall would have been hosting the New York Auto Show. Instead, it's a makeshift COVID ward. And while the words "field hospital" don't conjure up thoughts of a cozy night at the Ritz-Carlton, the man's account doesn't make it sound like a bad place to be — especially considering that we're living through a devastating pandemic right now. "I’d been sick for more than two weeks, and had known that I was positive for Covid-19 for several days, after getting the results of a test I took at my local, walk-in urgent care. At home, I’d spent most of my time lying in bed, with frustrating body aches, a fever, and an unrelenting loss of appetite." He quickly was put on supplemental oxygen, as well as a common antibiotic and hydroxychloroquine — the much discussed anti-malaria drug lauded by president Donald Trump. His initial worries about being sent to a field hospital, rather than an actual hospital, were short-lived. "But after being settled in at the Javits Center, my apprehension eased quickly. My improvised, tent-like cubicle was comfortable, and my doctors and nurses were caring and watchful. And, in a strange way, seeing that other New Yorkers were being treated in a hospital erected seemingly overnight gave me hope that Covid patients were being well-taken care of." His room — they reportedly come standard with a potted plant — was a lot cozier than he expected. "In a way, my cubicle felt like a hospital room. But when you lie down on your back, you remember that you are — in fact — in a convention center, staring up to sky-high ceilings of steel." While he may have seen plenty of other New Yorkers around, the reality is that many hospital beds remain empty at the Javits Center field hospital. At first, the Javits Center and the USNS Comfort — a 1,000 bed Navy hospital ship USNS Comfort that started taking patients earlier this month — were meant to house excess hospital patients without the coronavirus. Officials quickly changed their minds however, and started sending COVID-19 patients to both. Both the ship and the convention hall were meant to serve as "relief valves" for a metropolis in crisis. Instead, as the Washington Post reported last week, both the ship and hall "remain mostly empty." According to Politico, as of April 7, there were only 110 patients in both the ship and the convention hall. It's unclear what that number is today. Thanks to the help of over 1,000 staff members, including officers from the National Guard, the conventional hall now has its own pharmacy, a concession stand, and nursing station — all built from scratch. In a crisis, things could look a lot worse. "You know, I’d say it’s better not to get [COVID] in the first place, and I understand why someone would be anxious about coming here," the man wrote in his essay for Vox. "But when I looked around, everything seemed to be in order. And I think they all did a fine job." READ MORE: I was sent to be treated for Covid-19 at the Javits Center. Here’s what it’s like. [Vox] More on the pandemic: Scientists: Some Social Distancing May Need to Last Until 2022 Share This Article 
Bishop Gerald Glenn, a prominent evangelical pastor in a community near Richmond, Virginia has passed away on Saturday evening from illness related to COVID-19, according to local news. The news comes after Glenn told his congregation on March 15 that "I firmly believe that God is larger than this dreaded virus" — just days after Virginia governor Ralph Northam urged residents to avoid gatherings of more than ten people, according to The Washington Post. According to a video of the sermon, Glenn told those who gathered "just imagine if the government had the authority to say, you and me, we can’t go to church. Aren’t you glad you were free to get up and come?" Religious leaders in other parts of the country have also chafed at the idea of staying home during church. Three pastors in California decided to sue officials over measures that stopped worshippers from attending church service, CNN reports, even in Sacramento County, one of the largest outbreak clusters in the nation. Seventy-one people connected to a single church were infected, according to CNN. Despite the very real danger, 11 state governments decided to make exceptions for religious gatherings, according to CNBC. The list even includes New York, currently the state with the most cases, despite "strongly recommending" to halt in-person services, as Newsweek reports. Places of worship are "not subject to penalty," while "public and private gatherings of any number of people" from more than a single household are barred, according to an order signed by Michigan governor Gretchen Whitmer. Not all religious institutions are fighting for their right to congregate. The Mormon church, for instance, has come out in support of suspending religious gatherings. READ MORE: Prominent Virginia pastor who said ‘God is larger than this dreaded virus’ dies of covid-19 [The Washington Post] More on the virus: Why Rolling Coronavirus Patients Onto Their Stomachs Is Saving Lives Share This Article 
A team of researchers at MIT's Dream Lab, which launched in 2017, are working on an open source wearable device that can track and interact with dreams in a number of ways — including, hopefully, giving you new control over the content of your dreams. The team's radical goal is to prove once and for all that dreams aren't just meaningless gibberish — but can be "hacked, augmented, and swayed" to our benefit, according to OneZero. Think "Inception," in other words, but with a Nintendo Power Glove. "People don’t know that a third of their life is a third where they could change or structure or better themselves," Adam Horowitz, PhD student at MIT Media Lab’s Fluid Interfaces Group and a Dream Lab researcher, told OneZero. "Whether you’re talking about memory augmentation or creativity augmentation or improving mood the next day or improving test performance, there’s all these things you can do at night that are practically important," Horowitz added. A glove-like device called Dormio, developed by the Dream Lab team, is outfitted with a host of sensors that can detect which sleeping state the wearer is in. When the wearer slips into a state between conscious and subconscious, hypnagogia, the glove plays a pre-recorded audio cue, most of the times consisting of a single word. "Hypnagogic imagery or hallucinations is a normal state of consciousness in the transition from wakefulness to sleep," Valdas Noreika, a psychologist at Cambridge who is not involved in the research told VICE back in 2018. Hypnagogia may be different for different people. Some say they've woken up from hypnagogia, reporting they experienced strong visual and auditory hallucinations. Others are capable of interacting with somebody in the state. But the Dream Lab might be on to something with its Dormio glove. For instance, in a 50-person experiment, the speaking glove was able to insert a tiger into people's sleep by having the glove say a prerecorded message that simply said "tiger." The device is meant to democratize the science of tracking sleep. Step-by-step instructions were posted online with biosignal tracking software available on Github, allowing everybody to theoretically make their own Dormio glove. A similar device built by Dream Lab researcher and PhD candidate Judith Amores relies on smell rather than an audio cue. A preset scent is released by a device when the user reaches the N3 stage of sleep, a regenerative period when the body heals itself and consolidates memory. The idea is to strengthen this consolidation using scents. They hope to let sleepers take full control of their dreams as well. A 2019 "Dream Engineering" workshop hosted by the Dream Lab discussed the world of "lucid dreaming," a state in which people realize they’re having a dream while they’re dreaming. "It’s such an exhilarating feeling to lucid dream," Tore Nielsen, a professor of psychiatry at the University of Montreal said in an MIT blog post. "You can try flying, singing, having sex — it’s better than VR." The problem, however, is that the science behind lucid dreaming is still murky. Only an estimated one percent of people are capable of entering this state regularly, making it difficult to study. The brain state during lucid dreaming is also not understood very well yet. But other researchers are convinced there's plenty to gain from learning from our subconscious — rather than commanding it with prerecorded messages or scents. "The unconscious, it’s another kind of intelligence," Rubin Naiman, sleep and dream expert at the University of Arizona, told OneZero. "We can learn from it. We can be in dialogue with it rather than dominate it, rather than ‘tap in’ and try to steer it in directions we want." READ MORE: An MIT Lab Is Building Devices to Hack Your Dreams [OneZero] More on sleep: It Turns Out You Can Learn Things While You’re Asleep Share This Article 
When it comes to building a solid investment portfolio, diversification is key. When you own many different types of financial assets, you reduce your exposure to the risk and volatility that may befall a particular asset class. Don't take our word for it. That's Modern Portfolio Theory 101. The only problem is that diversification is a relative term. For a long time, the only assets regular investors actually had access to were publicly traded stocks and bonds. If you really wanted to diversify—say by investing in the private real estate market—you had to be a billion-dollar institution or a so-called “high net worth individual.” But luckily, thanks to technological innovations and subsequent changes to SEC regulations, this is finally starting to change. Today, innovative FinTech companies like Fundrise are providing everyday investors with Real Estate investment opportunities that were previously reserved for the wealthy and well connected. Traditional portfolios are based on something called pooled fund investing. This is when money is collected from a large number of investors and used to create one massive investment portfolio, which is managed by professional money managers. The most common types of pooled funds are mutual funds, hedge funds, pension funds, and exchange-traded funds (ETFs). All of these investment vehicles allow individual investors to achieve greater growth and stability than they would ever be able to achieve on their own. That’s a good thing. However, by law, these types of pooled funds can only invest in publicly traded securities like stocks and bonds. And because these assets are so closely related, they don’t provide adequate diversification. For a long time, institutional investors and high net worth individuals have solved this diversification problem by adding private market real estate investments to their portfolios. However, this option wasn’t available to smaller investors. The technology required to break real estate investments up into smaller pieces did not exist, which meant you had to be able to write some pretty big checks to get in the game. But now, things have changed. And companies like Fundrise are democratizing private real estate investing. Fundrise is an online investing platform that lets you diversify your portfolio by investing in the private real estate market. When you invest with Fundrise, it’s a lot like investing in a traditional ETF, only instead of putting your money in a pool of public stocks and bonds, you’re putting it into Real Estate Investment Trusts or eFunds, which are simply portfolios of private real estate assets. These portfolios of real estate assets are handpicked by Fundrise’s real estate experts for their ability to produce revenue, and they include everything from single family rental houses to multi-building apartment complexes. In addition to diversifying your investments, a Fundrise portfolio also has the benefit of offering way better returns in exchange for reduced liquidity. When you invest in publicly traded securities, you can sell your assets at any time, but you can expect an annual average return of just 8.2 percent. When you invest in private market real estate with Fundrise, you have to commit to a 3 to 7 year investment horizon, but in exchange you can expect an annual average return of 12.3 percent. The best thing about Fundrise, however, is that it’s open to just about anyone. You don’t need a credit check. You don’t need to meet any net wealth requirements. If you can afford the minimum $500 investment, you’re in. So whether you’re just starting out, or you’re looking to modernize your existing portfolio, you need to talk to your financial advisor about private market real estate and investing platforms like Fundrise. It could unlock a whole new world of financial possibilities. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cooking healthy meals at home is difficult enough under normal circumstances, with all the planning, shopping, and preparation that’s typically required. But it's especially difficult now that normal life has come to a screeching halt, and you’re trapped inside all day with your roommate, significant other, or kids who need to learn long division while you're trying to talk to your co-workers on Zoom. Basically, you're using every ounce of strength to hold it together, and cooking healthy meals feels downright impossible. Fortunately, just because you’ve lost the will to cook, that doesn’t mean you have to resort to eating cold SpaghettiO’s straight out of the can. Even during these trying times, there are a number of amazing meal delivery services that ship delicious, prepared meals right to your door to help you maintain a healthy diet without having to leave the house. Below, we’ve taken the liberty of listing a few of our favorites. If you’re ready to make things a lot easier on yourself, you need to check them out. Home Bistro is one of the OG meal delivery services. They’ve been delivering freshly prepared restaurant-quality meals since 1999, and they are still perennially ranked among the best meal delivery services in the country. With Home Bistro, you can order individual meals, or combos of 2, 7, 10, or 20. And in addition to standard meals, they also offer meals for people with specific dietary preferences. These include vegetarian, paleo, heart healthy, diabetic friendly, Mediterranean, and high protein. All meals are made with premium, highly nutritious ingredients. Click here to get meal delivery from Home Bistro. Vegin’ Out is a vegan meal delivery service that offers meals made with 100-percent organic plant-based ingredients. Every single item on their menu is non-GMO, gluten free, dairy free, oil free, cholesterol free, preservative free, additive free, and trans fat free, with low sodium and low sugar. However, these meals are still big on taste. Vegin’ Out has tons of amazing mains and sides to choose from, plus a few breakfast and juice options. There are a number of different meal plans, and multiple ways to customize them. But the basic “weekly meal delivery” comes with three entrees, four sides, one large soup, and one bag of cookies, which is enough for roughly 9-10 individual meals. Click here to get meal delivery from Veggin' Out. Mosaic is a vegetarian meal delivery service that specializes in high protein, high energy noodle bowls, rice bowls, and veggie bowls. All of their meals are made from wholesome, healthy, unprocessed ingredients and are specially designed to be as satisfying and filling as they are nutritious. Mosaic has 19 different bowls to choose from, each prepared by an actual human chef. Mosaic is a subscription-only meal delivery service. Deliveries contain either 8 or 12 meals, and you can choose whether to receive them every week, every two weeks, or every four weeks. You can also log in to your account to swap meals, skip a delivery, or cancel your subscription and any time. Right now Mosaic is available in New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Washington DC, Baltimore, and surrounding areas. Click here to get meal delivery from Mosaic. If you actually enjoy cooking and don’t want to cut it out of your daily routine, but you would like to make it a little easier on yourself, check out a meal kit delivery service like EveryPlate. With this EveryPlate, instead of picking fully prepared meals, you pick recipes, and they send you everything you need to make them, saving you the hassle or making lists and going to the store. Each week EveryPlate gives you 11 affordable, easy-to-cook recipes to choose from. You simply select the number of people you want to feed and the total number of meals you want to receive each week. At just $4.99 per serving, this is an incredibly easy and affordable way to make sure your family eats healthy. Click here to get meal delivery from EveryPlate. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of astronomers have spotted the brightest supernova ever recorded — a gigantic explosion that obliterated a star at least five times the mass of the Sun, in a galaxy 3.6 billion light-years from Earth. The team, a collaboration between the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the Harvard College Observatory, suggests that the supernova was the aftermath of two massive stars merging — resulting in ten times the explosive energy of the average supernova. "SN2016aps is spectacular in several ways," said Edo Berger, Harvard University professor and co-author on the paper published in the journal Nature Astronomy today, in a statement. "Not only is it brighter than any other supernova we’ve ever seen, but it has several properties and features that make it rare in comparison to other explosions of stars in the universe." The proportion of explosion energy emitted through visible light was extremely high, making it 500 times brighter than a regular supernova. "In a typical supernova, the radiation is less than 1 per cent of the total energy," Matt Nicholl, of the University of Birmingham and lead author of the study. "But in SN2016aps, we found the radiation was five times the explosion energy of a normal-sized supernova. This is the most light we have ever seen emitted by a supernova." "We determined that in the final years before it exploded, the star shed a massive shell of gas as it violently pulsated," said Nicholl. "The collision of the explosion debris with this massive shell led to the incredible brightness of the supernova. It essentially added fuel to the fire." The astronomers came to the conclusion that the supernova was likely the result of two stars merging by detecting high levels of hydrogen gas. Massive stars tend to shed most of their hydrogen gas before turning into a pulsating red giant. Smaller ones, on the other hand, "hold onto their hydrogen for longer," according to Berger. "Finding this extraordinary supernova couldn't have come at a better time," Berger said. "Now that we know such energetic explosions occur in nature, NASA's new James Webb Space Telescope will be able to see similar events so far away that we can look back in time to the deaths of the very first stars in the Universe." "The identification of SN2016aps has opened pathways to identifying similar events from the first generations of stars," concluded Berger. READ MORE: Astronomers just discovered the brightest supernova ever seen [CNN] More on supernovae: This Is the Most Brutal Supernova in Recorded History Share This Article 
In an Easter letter to world leaders, Pope Francis opined that "this may be the time to consider a universal basic wage which would acknowledge and dignify the noble, essential tasks you carry out." "It would ensure and concretely achieve the ideal, at once so human and so Christian, of no worker without rights," the Pope argued. In the letter, Francis argued that many workers, including "street vendors, recyclers, carnies, small farmers, construction workers, dressmakers, the different kinds of caregivers" were being "excluded from the benefits of globalization," while "the lockdowns are becoming unbearable." The idea of a universal basic income (UBI) has recently gained more traction through the likes of Andrew Yang, previously a US presidential candidate, who formed his platform around the idea. The idea is to hand out sums of money, either fixed or dependent on a number of socioeconomic factors, on a regular basis, providing the populace with enough funds to meet basic needs — and maybe even achieve financial stability. The idea has been shown to work, albeit on a small scale. A Canadian basic income pilot involving 4,000 people saw early successes, finding that people kept working, and even got healthier over time. Yang himself was impressed with the Pope's call to action. "Wow," he tweeted on Sunday. "Game-changing." Governments around the world have started paying out sums of money to those whose livelihoods have been affected by the ongoing pandemic. Canada, for instance, unveiled a $2,000 per month Emergency Response Benefit in response to the coronavirus. Many of these initiatives however are being labelled as incentives or injections to jump-start economies that are currently on life support. US leadership signed into law a $2 trillion bipartisan stimulus package last month, with lump sums of around $1,200 plus additional payments depending on family size and income bracket, going out to taxpayers. READ MORE: Pope advocates for universal basic income in Easter letter [The Hill] More on universal basic income: Here’s an Idea: The Government Should Pay People to Stay Home Share This Article 
Astronomers at UC Berkeley just took the temperature of the mysterious rings surrounding Uranus for the first time, using data from the Atacama Large Millimeter Array (ALMA) and the Very Large Telescope (VLT). They found that the largest, most visible ring — called the "epsilon ring" — exhibits some unusual traits when compared to the other rings surrounding the distant ice giant. "Saturn’s mainly icy rings are broad, bright and have a range of particle sizes, from micron-sized dust in the innermost D ring, to tens of meters in size in the main rings," said Imke de Pater, a UC Berkeley professor of astronomy and lead author of the study published this week in The Astronomical Journal, in a statement. "The small end is missing in the main rings of Uranus; the brightest ring, epsilon, is composed of golf ball-sized and larger rocks." Astronomers first discovered that Uranus has rings — just like its Solar System buddies Jupiter, Neptune and Saturn — back in 1977. But many questions regarding their composition and origin remained unanswered. Now, thanks to the new thermal imaging data, the astronomers determined that the rings exist at an icy 77 degrees Kelvin, about -321 Fahrenheit, or roughly the boiling point of liquid nitrogen at standard pressure. What had the researchers scratching their heads, though, is the composition of Uranus's rings. Other planets in our Solar System have rings made up of either larger particles or powdery dust, or a mix of both. For instance, Jupiter and Neptune's rings are largely composed of fine particles. But Uranus's rings had dust between the rings, while the rings themselves appeared to lack any dust at all. “We already know that the epsilon ring is a bit weird, because we don’t see the smaller stuff," said UC Berkeley graduate student Edward Molter. "Something has been sweeping the smaller stuff out, or it’s all glomming together. We just don’t know." The rings are also "extremely narrow compared to the rings of Saturn," explained Molter. "The widest, the epsilon ring, varies from 20 to 100 kilometers wide, whereas Saturn’s are 100’s or tens of thousands of kilometers wide." So what caused the rings to form? Was it a mystery planet that bashed into Uranus, causing its north-south axis to tilt from the Sun's plane and release a bunch of particles? Probably not — the researchers have already ruled out the rings being leftover debris from when the planet was first formed billions of years ago, Science Alert reports. Still, the discovery could give us insight into the nature and origin of Uranus's rings. "This is a step toward understanding their composition and whether all of the rings came from the same source material, or are different for each ring," Molter added. READ MORE: Stunning Images Show The Rings of Uranus Are Like Nothing Else in The Solar System [Science Alert] More on Uranus: NASA Data Shows Something Leaking Out of Uranus Share This Article 
An artificial intelligence created by New York-based risk detection firm Dataminr was able to predict where the next spike in coronavirus cases will be in the UK and US by analyzing social media posts, The Next Web reports. According to the company's website, "growth in clusters of eyewitness, on-the-ground, first-hand public social media posts on COVID-19" allowed their algorithm to detect "hotspots 7-15 days prior to exponential growth in COVID-19 official case count." These social media posts include "posts ranging from people indicating they tested positive, people indicating they are experiencing symptoms, people indicating they have been exposed but not tested, first-hand accounts of confirmed cases" and so on. Dataminr also predicted future spikes in 14 different US states. Seven days later, all 14 states were hit hard by the coronavirus, TNW reports. "These kinds of posts appear to be a leading indicator of where case count may be spiking in the future," Dataminr CEO Ted Bailey told Business Insider. The analysis of social media for predicting outbreaks could allow governments to better prepare for the next big crisis. But any predictions by these kinds of systems have to be taken with a massive grain of salt. No artificial intelligence in the world can verify with 100 percent accuracy the validity of the claims social media users are making about tests being positive, or relatives showing symptoms. Share This Article 
The US federal government plans to end funding for a number of coronavirus testing sites this Friday, according to NPR. That means a number of sites across the country will have to close. Many others will need to shift to state support to stay open. The news couldn't have come at a worse time. The peak of the pandemic is quickly approaching in the US. Over 3,000 cases were reported in the country in just 24 hours. The total number of cases stands at over 430,000, with almost 15,000 deaths at press time. "Many of the Community-Based Testing Sites (CBTS) are not closing, but rather transitioning to state-managed sites on or about April 10," a spokesperson for the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) told NPR. But state funding might not be enough. "I am understandably disappointed that the supplies and federal contract for lab testing is ending just as we are heading into the surge here in southeastern Pennsylvania," Valerie Arkoosh, commission chair in Montgomery County in the Philadelphia suburbs told NPR. The HHS claims the move is to give each state more "flexibility and autonomy to manage and operate testing sites," while prioritizing specific needs of their communities. The news comes after U.S. President Donald Trump removed the legal watchdog that oversees the $2 trillion coronavirus package on Tuesday by removing inspector general Glenn Fine from his role, undermining accountability and oversight over the distribution of a massive financial package. That move enraged the opposition. "President Trump is abusing the coronavirus pandemic to eliminate honest and independent public servants because they are willing to speak truth to power and because he is so clearly afraid of strong oversight," Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) Schumer said in a statement in response to Fine's removal. Trump also took aim at HHS principal deputy inspector general Christi Grimm. "Another Fake Dossier!" Trump wrote in a Tuesday tweet, criticizing a report recently released by Grimm that showed local hospitals were severely unprepared to fight the pandemic. Share This Article 
NASA is funding research for a conceptual telescope called a "solar gravitational lens" (SGL) that could allow us to observe distant exoplanets at an astonishing resolution — a futuristic endeavor that could help find out once and for all if we are alone in the universe. The project received Phase I and II funding under the agency's NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC) program, an incubator for radically futuristic and otherworldly concepts. The idea is to "directly image a habitable Earth-like exoplanet within our stellar neighborhood," according to a description of the project. Over six months of observation, we could get a resolution of around 25 km, "enough to see surface features and signs of habitability." A NASA image accompanying the announcement shows an artist's rendition of imagery the telescope could acquire — showing greenery on the surface of a distant planet. Albert Einstein first predicted 84 years ago that rays of light skirting the edges of the Sun converge into a lens at about 550 astronomical units (about 82 billion kilometers) away. Slava Turyshev, physicist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and lead author of a related study uploaded to the preprint archive arXiv in February, suggests the phenomenon could allow us to get strikingly detailed images of distant Earth-like planets. "In the strong interference region of the SGL, this light is greatly amplified, forming the Einstein ring around the Sun, representing a distorted image of the extended source," reads the paper. An image included in the NASA announcement even shows Turyshev's depiction of what an exoplanet close-up could look like using a SGL. But there's a significant hurdle we'd have to overcome. We'd have to carry a "meter-class telescope with a solar coronagraph" to an extraordinary distance from the Sun. For perspective, Voyager I is currently only about 123 astronomical units away from Earth having reached the edges of the solar system in 2012 — the furthest we've ever sent a man-made object. To keep costs low and feasibility as high as possible, Turyshev suggests that a "swarm architecture for smallsats" with solar sails for power could fly out, along the SGL, to observe "multiple planets/moons of an exosolar system" at the same time. READ MORE: Direct Multipixel Imaging and Spectroscopy of an Exoplanet with a Solar Gravitational Lens Mission [NASA] More on NASA's NIAC program: NASA Funds Giant Radio Telescope Concept on Far Side of Moon Share This Article 
After an international coalition of scientists released the first-ever image of a black hole last year, we now have the ultimate follow-up:  a video of a supermassive black hole spewing a brilliant jet of particles. The video, part of a new research paper published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics this week, actually comes from the same observation of the black hole image conducted by the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT) initiative, as Science Alert reports. The video shows a distant quasar called 3C 279, in the Virgo constellation five billion light-years away from Earth, blasting out "twin fire-hose-like jets of plasma," according to a statement. A quasar is the extremely bright heart of a galaxy inside of which a supermassive black hole is surrounded by an "accretion disk," an area of diffuse material spinning around a central body. These jets leave the black hole at 99.5 percent of the speed of light, thanks to the immense forces involved in the black hole sucking up matter. To capture the series of images, the team used a new technique called "very long baseline interferometry," which collects and synchronizes data from a number of radio dishes from around the world, forming "one huge virtual Earth-size telescope." EHT then analyzed and combined this data to focus in on distant objects at an astonishing resolution: "20 micro-arcseconds on the sky — the equivalent of someone on Earth identifying an orange on the Moon," according to the statement. The researchers were surprised to see the jets arcing unexpectedly, with its shape twisting at the base. "We knew that every time you open a new window to the Universe you can find something new," Jae-Young Kim, researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy (MPIfR) in Germany and lead author of the paper, said in the statement. "Here, where we expected to find the region where the jet forms by going to the sharpest image possible, we find a kind of perpendicular structure. This is like finding a very different shape by opening the smallest Matryoshka doll," Kim added. It's a massive achievement for the EHT team. "Last year we could present the first image of the shadow of a black hole," said chair of the EHT Collaboration Board Anton Zensus. "Now we see unexpected changes in the shape of the jet in 3C 279, and we are not done yet. As we told last year: this is just the beginning." READ MORE: Astronomers Just Released an Unprecedented Image of a Jet Shooting From a Black Hole [Science Alert] More on the black hole image: Scientists Just Released the First-Ever Image of a Black Hole Share This Article 
NASA is funding research for a giant radio telescope in a crater on the far side of the Moon. The NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC) Program, an incubator for radically futuristic and otherworldly concepts, has awarded a Phase 1 grant for what the agency calls the Lunar Crater Radio Telescope (LCRT) — an exciting idea that could be a major turning point in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, as Wired's space and energy reporter Daniel Oberhaus pointed out on Twitter. According to a description by research lead Saptarshi Bandyopadhyay, robotics technologist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California, the idea is to capture the "tremendous advantages compared to Earth-based and Earth-orbiting telescopes" on the far side of the Moon, where researchers could observe the universe at much greater wavelengths than are normally reflected by Earth's atmosphere. These greater-than-10-meter long wavelengths have yet to be probed by humans and "could enable tremendous scientific discoveries in the field of cosmology," according to Bandyopadhyay. The Moon also "acts as a physical shield that isolates the lunar-surface telescope from radio interferences/noises from Earth-based sources... during the lunar night." And when the Earth stands between the Sun and Moon, the area facing the far side of the Moon acts as a kind of low noise radio emission shadow. The moonshot proposal — get it? — includes plans for a wire-mesh, a kilometer in diameter, that would be deployed by wall-climbing robots inside a large lunar crater. In other words, the plan is to cast a spider web-like mesh over an existing crater on the far side of the Moon to turn it into a gigantic radio telescope. "This Lunar Crater Radio Telescope (LCRT), with 1km diameter, will be the largest filled-aperture radio telescope in the Solar System!" reads the description. The idea has been around for a number of years, with researchers arguing it could prove to be an extremely important scientific endeavor. The news comes also comes after China successfully deployed a radio telescope attached to a communications relay satellite that is now in operation on the far side of the Moon. The radio frequencies it's sensitive to are, however, far shorter. READ MORE:  NIAC 2020 Phase I, Phase II and Phase III Selections [NASA] More on SETI: SETI Scientist: Nobody Takes Alien Hunting Seriously Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. It’s probably not something you want to think about, but your sheets, towels, and pillowcases are covered with bacteria and other microbes. And that's the case even if you’re washing them once a week. While that information might not be pleasant to hear, there is a solution: Miracle Brand bedding and towels by Aloft. What sets Miracle Brand products apart from other sheets and towels is anti-microbial silver. It's woven into everything under the Miracle Brand label, and kills off some 99-percent of bacteria. That's because silver ions possess a positive charge that connects to bacteria and destroys it from the inside out before it has a chance to replicate. As a result of this bacteria-blocking silver, Miracle pillowcases, sheets, and towels stay clean longer, and can be washed as much as three times less than normal products made with traditional materials. So if you’re interested in giving Miracle bedding and towels a try, take a look at the bundled options below: The Miracle Home Bundle will give you everything you need to get a better and cleaner night's sleep. It includes a Miracle Sheet Set and a set of Miracle's ultra-plush Towels. As with all Miracle products, these towels and sheets contain antimicrobial silver to help your sheets and towels stay cleaner, longer. The sheets are cool, breathable, and soft, and have a thread count of 480, so you won't have to sacrifice comfort for cleanliness. And the Ultra-plush towels are made from premium cotton that's infused with pure, natural silver to help them stay fresher, longer. In total, you'll receive: And by ordering a bundle, you'll save 25-percent compared to ordering these items individually. The Miracle Move-In Bundle is just like the Home Bundle, except everything is doubled. You get: 2 Sheet Sets: 4 pillowcases*, 2 fitted sheet, 2 flat sheet 2 Towel Sets: 4 Bath Towels, 4 Hand Towels, 4 Washcloths. And it's an even bigger value, since you save 33-percent off the normal, individual prices. So if you’re tired of sharing your bedroom and bathroom with millions of microscopic organisms, check out Miracle’s official site today. Share This Article 
In a small dark experiment room, Bill, a wheel-chair bound tetraplegic, stares intently at a simulated arm on a computer screen.  Two tentacle-like cables protrude from his skull and hook into a nearby computer, which sends messages to electrodes implanted in his arm and hand. If the experiment is successful, Bill will move his limbs again.  This early scene from Futurism’s newly released documentary I AM HUMAN sets the stage for jaw-dropping revelations to come. With this technology, Bill may someday be able to move other things with his brain signals. You know, telekinesis. Welcome to the future. Though Bill doesn’t resemble the cyborgs we’re used to seeing in movies, the image is just as compelling, and representative of a much larger real-world phenomenon. In fact, Bill is one of many first wave pioneers ushering in a biotechnological revolution--presently, more than 200,000 people in the world have digital chip technology implanted in their brains.  Most of these people are Parkinson’s patients, who undergo deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery with the hope of ameliorating tremor and other symptoms. DBS has been a course of treatment for decades now, and opened the door for further trials into brain implants for a host of other ailments, including obesity, addiction, obsessive compulsive disorder, and depression.  In the film, we see firsthand the dramatic impact of this technology on Anne, an artist struggling with Parkinson’s. We also meet Stephen, a blind retiree who undergoes a retinal prosthesis surgery (in sci-fi fashion, the implant is known as the Argus II.) As one of several hundred blind patients with “bionic vision,”  the technology currently only offers the ability to see outlines and edges of objects. Progress however, is unbounded – and accelerating. Within a few years, greater definition and infrared, heat-mapping vision will be just a software upgrade away.   For Bill, Anne, and Stephen – three ordinary people robbed of basic function – risking their brains is a brave effort to preserve their humanity - but their decisions mark thrilling implications for us all. What happens when anyone can upgrade their bodies? What aspects of our humanity will we change? Who will decide who goes forth into our species’ next evolutionary phase, and who gets left behind? You can imagine scientists, investors, and ethicists have quite a debate on their hands. While I AM HUMAN acknowledges concerns about “playing God,” it challenges fear-driven narratives surrounding human-machine evolution with unflinching optimism, grounded in the real-life stories of people whose lives may directly benefit from such scientific breakthroughs.  Watch I AM HUMAN now on your favorite streaming platform. Disclaimer: I AM HUMAN was produced by Futurism Studios. Futurism has a financial interest in the film.  Share This Article 
NASA has outlined its plans for a lunar station called the Artemis Base Camp in a new 13-page report titled "NASA's Plan for Sustained Lunar Exploration and Development," submitted to the National Space Council last week. "After 20 years of continuously living in low-Earth orbit, we're now ready for the next great challenge of space exploration — the development of a sustained presence on and around the moon," NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine said in a statement. The plans are part of NASA's greater ambitions to return man — and send the first woman —  to the Moon as early as the 2024 Artemis mission. On the lunar surface, NASA envisions the Artemis Base Camp including a lunar terrain vehicle that can scan the surrounding areas for oxygen and water, a habitable mobility platform for 45-day Moon trips, and a "lunar foundation surface habitat" that can house four crew members for short durations. According to the report, the base, to be built near the Moon's South Pole, will need "supporting infrastructure added over time such as communications, power, radiation shielding, a landing pad, waste disposal, and storage planning." It could also serve as a place to figure out a way to deal with lunar dust — a potentially dangerous element of spending time on the Moon. To establish Base Camp, NASA is still planning on constructing the Gateway, a scaled down space station that will orbit the Moon and house astronauts as they make their way to the surface — or eventually to Mars. "Gateway can also support our first Mars mission analogs on the lunar surface," the report reads. "For such a mission, we currently envision a four-person crew traveling to the Gateway and living aboard the outpost for a multi-month stay to simulate the outbound trip to Mars, followed by two crew travelling down to and exploring the lunar surface with the habitable mobility platform, while the remaining two crew stay aboard." Such a mission would be "by far the longest duration human deep space missions in history," the report notes. The report comes hot on the heels of SpaceX signing a contract with NASA last week to supply the Gateway with cargo using a modified version of its Dragon cargo spacecraft. "For years to come, Artemis will serve as our North Star as we continue to work toward even greater exploration of the moon, where we will demonstrate key elements needed for the first human mission to Mars," Bridenstine said in the statement. READ MORE: NASA unveils plan for Artemis 'base camp' on the moon beyond 2024 [Space.com] More on Artemis: NASA’s Own Report Admits Its Non-SpaceX Rocket Is a Disaster Share This Article 
Electric car company Tesla showed off a working prototype of a ventilator in a video uploaded to YouTube on Sunday. Tesla CEO Elon Musk had promised to use Tesla resources to "make ventilators if there is a shortage" in order to assist overtaxed hospitals during the coronavirus outbreak last month — and this seems to be the result. The carmaker is using its existing know-how to help out those in need. "We're trying to make some ventilators out of some car parts, so that we can help out the medical industry without taking away from their supply," a masked Lars Moravy, vice president of vehicle engineering, said in the video. The device can track the O2 intake and CO2 outtake from a patient, and display that information on a Model 3 infotainment touchscreen. A Model 3 infotainment computer takes care of the number crunching. "We want to use parts that we know really well, that we know the reliability of, and we can go really fast and they are available in volume,” Joseph Mardall, Tesla’s engineering directory, said. “We’ve used a lot of those.” The machine still needs to go through the US Food and Drug Administration for testing and approval — a process that could take a long time. We also don't know yet if Tesla is capable of producing them at a high volume. "There's still a lot of work to do but we're giving it our best effort to make sure we can help some people out there," Moravy said. Tesla isn't the only carmaker involved in the effort to fight COVID-19. General Motors and Ford have also taken up the task of building their own ventilators for US hospitals. Vacuum maker Dyson released its own sleek design as well. Two weeks ago, Musk also sourced some existing 1,255 ventilators from Chinese manufacturers and donated them to hospitals in the Los Angeles area, what California governor Gavin Newsom called "an heroic effort." Critics were quick to point out that Musk supplied the wrong kind of ventilator — non-invasive BPAP and CPAP machines that are used to help patients with milder ailments like sleep apnea — rather than the invasive ventilators that need to be intubated, which are required to help COVID patients. Health officials also pointed out that these "ventilators" could "possibly increase the spread of infectious disease by aerosolizing the virus," as NPR wrote. READ MORE: Tesla Shows Ventilator Prototype Made From Car Components [Bloomberg] More on Tesla ventilators: Oops: Elon Musk Donated the Wrong Kind of Ventilator Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. A lot of bloggers and social influencers talk about nootropics, or smart drugs, as though they are something totally new. But that’s actually not the case. Some nootropics, such as caffeine and l-theanine, have been around for millennia. What’s different today is that scientists know a lot more about how the brain works. As a result, they are not only discovering new nootropic compounds, but also figuring out which ones work best together. And this new knowledge is helping innovative companies like TruBrain create incredible new cognitive nutrition supplements. TruBrain was founded a few years ago by a former Unilever executive and a team of UCLA neuroscientists who wanted to help regular people be the best possible versions of themselves. To accomplish this goal they created Brain Food, a scientifically formulated blend of nootropic compounds that has been clinically proven to enhance verbal fluency and improve both memory and learning. Like a lot of other nootropic supplements, Brain Food contains the so-called “everyman stack” of caffeine and l-theanine, a combo humans have been taking for thousands of years in the form of green tea. Caffeine, of course, is a central nervous system stimulant that increases alertness and energy by blocking the neurological receptors for drowsiness. L-theanine, meanwhile, is an amino acid that produces a sense of calm and relaxation and is especially effective in soothing nervousness and jitters that come with caffeine. Numerous studies have shown rather conclusively that, when taken together, caffeine and l-theanine can improve mental performance, alertness, and mood. Of course, it would have been easy for TruBrain to throw in a few more vitamins and call it a day. That’s what a lot of other supplement companies do. But with Brain Food, TruBrain wasn’t just looking to wake your brain up. They were looking to actively promote the biological conditions necessary for peak mental performance. How’d they do that? In addition to caffeine and l-theanine to promote alertness and focus, Brain Food also contains noopept. Noopept is a synthetic nootropic molecule that does two very important things. First, it increases blood flow to the brain. This enhances neuroplasticity, which is a brain cell’s ability to build new neural connections. The more neural connections in your brain, the higher your brain function. Second, noopept makes acetylcholine receptors in the brain more receptive to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. This makes communication between neurons faster and more efficient. Because your brain needs energy for all this enhanced neurotransmission, Brain Food also contains a high impact dose of the raw nutrients that your attention system burns for fuel. These raw nutrients include magnesium, a key mineral that an estimated 90 percent of people are deficient in; tyrosine, an amino acid that plays a vital role in communication between brain cells; carnitine, which helps neurons break down glucose and fatty acids for fuel; and citicoline, which is a precursor to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. TruBrain's revolutionary blend of nootropics comes in 1oz liquid shots with a refreshing tropical flavor profile. These shots are available in quantities of 20, 30, and 60. Discounts of 10, 20, and 30 percent are available when you subscribe and pre-pay for three, six, and 12 months respectively. New subscribers also get an additional 10 percent off their first order. Of course, the million dollar question is, does this stuff actually work? Brain Food has been shown by third party clinical trials and EEG brainwave analysis to boost high alpha brain waves, which are indicators of an increased ability to focus, enhanced verbal fluency, as well as improved memory and learning. What that means in plain English is that, if you’re looking for something that can help you focus, think, remember, and create better—and caffeine just isn’t cutting it—you should probably give Brain Food a try. Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Given the current state of the world, the ability to have fresh herbs, fruits, and other plants grow indoors without leaving your house has probably never sounded so good. However, indoor gardening is not an easy hobby to master. Luckily, an innovative Canadian tech startup has created a device that completely eliminates the indoor gardening learning curve, allowing you to grow all sorts of lush plants in any room in your house with the simple touch of a button. And that device is an automated, indoor grow box called the Grobo. The Grobo is an automatic hydroponic growing system that instantly transforms anyone into a master of indoor horticulture. All you have to do is add seeds, water, and nutrients, then select a “grow recipe” on the Grobo app. Grobo takes care of the rest. Using a system of cutting edge sensors to monitor growing conditions and your plants’ progress, Grobo automatically adjusts water, light, temperature, humidity, and nutrients to produce perfect plants every time. The only thing you have to do is refill the water reservoir about once a week, and perform minor tasks such as pruning when instructed to do so by the Grobo app. That may sound too good to be true, but it’s not. Grobo can grow just about any plant that fits inside its 14x14x48-inch frame, and the app has an extensive library of grow recipes. However, this amazing machine was originally designed to meet the specific challenges of trying to cultivate high quality medicinal cannabis at home. And you can definitely still use it for that. There are two Grobo models to choose from. Both feature automatic nutrient dosing; automatic pH balancing; responsive LED lighting that adjusts depending on the stage of the growing cycle; around-the-clock environmental monitoring; carbon filters to eliminate odor leakage; a three gallon water tank; and dual intake fans for air circulation and drying. Both also feature the same understated design and minimalist footprint, making them perfect for any decor. The only difference between the two models is the door. Grobo Solid has a solid metal door. This makes the Grobo look like an ordinary cabinet, thus blending into the background of any room in the house. This is the perfect solution for those who don’t necessarily want their indoor gardening to become a topic of conversation with everyone who visits their house. Instead of a solic metal door, Grobo Premium has a door made from cutting edge fluid glass that can go from clear to opaque with the touch of a button. This gives you privacy when you want it, but also lets you easily check in on your plant without letting bugs in or smells out. Contrary to what you might expect given this level of high tech automation, Grobos do not cost very much to operate. Most users who grow indoors will spend about $5 a month on energy and $10 a month on custom Grobo nutrients. Even with that, when you factor in all the money you will save by not buying premium retail products, the Grobo can pay for itself in as little as 18 months. All Grobos are built right here in North America. On top of that, they come with free next-day delivery, and they ship fully assembled. That means you can get your indoor gardening on a lot sooner than you think. Whether you’re interested in growing fruit, vegetables, herbs, house plants, or even cannabis, if you want to do it in the comfort and privacy of your own home, you won’t find a more fool-proof solution than Grobo. Share This Article 
Over the last few days, Tesla CEO and bona fide public health disaster Elon Musk has scored a lot of praise and flattering press coverage for his promise to deliver medical ventilators to hospitals facing an overwhelming number of coronavirus cases. Well, he delivered — sort of. Tesla purchased over a thousand surplus ventilators from the company ResMed and distributed them to hospitals (after slapping a Tesla logo on the boxes). But, as Financial Times reports, there's a bit of a problem. Instead of sending out the kind of ventilator that can save patients with severe cases of COVID-19, Musk actually donated BPAP machines designed to treat sleep apnea. Tesla didn't respond to Financial Times' request for comment. Now, to be fair, both BPAP and CPAP machines are known as noninvasive ventilators, but that doesn't mean they're the same as the invasive ventilators that hospitals are running low on. Some experts have suggested that sleep apnea devices could help make it easier to breath for patients with milder coronavirus cases, according to Coronavirus Today. "We think it’s great that Tesla purchased bilevel non-invasive ventilators from a platform of ours that we developed five years ago in Asia and sent them to New York," ResMed CEO Mick Farrell told Financial Times. "We applaud any company who can help get ventilators and other respiratory products to those in need." But doctors have recommended against using the machines to treat coronavirus patients because they can actually facilitate disease transmission. "In general, we're just telling them not to use it," Dr. Comilla Sasson, an emergency medicine specialist at the University of Colorado School of Medicine, told NPR. "Because we are concerned about community spread, and we have to assume that anybody with respiratory distress is a COVID patient." So yes, Elon promised and delivered a big shipment of medical devices. But not the ones that hospitals actually need right now. READ MORE: Elon Musk promised ventilators. These are BPAP machines. [Financial Times] More on Elon Musk: Elon Musk Is a Public Health Risk Share This Article 
Australian startup Cortical Labs is building computer chips that use biological neurons extracted from mice and humans, Fortune reports. The goal is to dramatically lower the amount of power current artificial intelligence systems need to operate by mimicking the way the human brain. According to Cortical Labs' announcement, the company is planning to "build technology that harnesses the power of synthetic biology and the full potential of the human brain" in order to create a "new class" of AI that could solve "society's greatest challenges." The mouse neurons are extracted from embryos, according to Fortune, but the human ones are created by turning skin cells back into stem cells and then into neurons. The idea of using biological neurons to power computers isn't new. Cortical Labs' announcement comes one week after a group of European researchers managed to turn on a working neural network that allows biological and silicon-based brain cells to communicate with each other over the internet. Researchers at MIT have also attempted to use bacteria, not neurons, to  build a computing system in 2016. As of right now, Cortical's mini-brains have less processing power than a dragonfly brain. The company is looking to get its mouse-neuron-powered chips to be capable of playing a game of "Pong," as CEO Hon Weng Chong told Fortune, following the footsteps of AI company DeepMind, which used the game to test the power of its AI algorithms back in 2013. "What we are trying to do is show we can shape the behavior of these neurons," Chong told Fortune. READ MORE: A startup is building computer chips using human neurons [Fortune] More on neurons: Artificial and Biological Neurons Just Talked Over the Internet Share This Article 
In cooperation with the European Space Agency (ESA), a team of European researchers have conducted a... strange experiment. They mixed urea — the main compound found in mammalian urine — with materials, including Moon rocks, to test if we could one day use astronaut pee to build a lunar base. The urea itself acted as a "plasticizer" — stuff that allows us to shape other harder materials into different forms. In their unusual experiment, the team used an analog of lunar regolith, or loose Moon rock, and mixed it with the urea. The big advantage: using local materials is a lot easier — and dramatically cheaper — than lugging heavy construction supplies from Earth. "To make geopolymer concrete that will be used on the moon, the idea is to use what is already there: regolith and the water from the ice present in some areas," Ramón Pamies, a professor at the Polytechnic University of Cartagena, Spain, and co-author of the study published in the Journal of Cleaner Production last month, said in a statement. "But moreover, with this study, we have seen that a waste product, such as the urine of the personnel who occupy the moon bases, could also be used," Pamies explained. "The two main components of urine are water and urea, a molecule that allows the hydrogen bonds to be broken and, therefore, reduces the viscosities of many aqueous mixtures." Using a 3D printer, the team squeezed out Playdough-like shapes out of the urine concrete. 3D printing has become one of the most promising ways to build structures on distant planets including the Moon and Mars. After heating them up to a temperature of 80 degrees C (176 Fahrenheit), they found that the resulting structures could support heavy weights — even after eight freeze-thaw cycles that simulated several day and night cycles on the lunar surface. But there's still one minor hurdle to overcome before we decide to build Urinetown on the face of the Moon. "We have not yet investigated how the urea would be extracted from the urine, as we are assessing whether this would really be necessary, because perhaps its other components could also be used to form the geopolymer concrete," co-author Anna-Lena Kjøniksen, professor at Østfold University College, said in the statement. READ MORE: Astronauts could use their own urine to build moon bases one day [Space.com] More on 3D printing on the Moon: Russia is Planning to 3D Print a Moon Base Share This Article 
You may not realize it, but electric bikes are having a bit of a moment. Ebike sales skyrocketed by 91% from 2017 to 2018, and some experts expect 130 million electric bikes to be motoring around the U.S. by 2023—far outpacing the number of electric cars and trucks projected to be on the roads by then. If you’re not already part of the crew who’s figured out how electric bikes can transform your life, we’ve rounded up the reasons why you can’t afford not to ride (pun intended) the wave.  Swapping out drives for ebike rides is one of the quickest and healthiest ways to make giant dents in your budget. One estimate from Rad Power Bikes shows how switching your commute from car to ebike can save as much as $7,409 in a single year.  You know your budget best. Think about your transportation costs, from Uber rides to gas money to subway fares to car maintenance, and do the quick math to see how much you can save by working an ebike into your lifestyle.  There’s the fantasy of a conventional bike ride into work (showing up fresh as a daisy, right on time) and the reality of a standard bike commute (harried sprints upon realizing you’re not the Tour de France biker you thought you were, trying to hide your sweaty pits from your boss).  But a commute on an electric bike turns that fantasy into a reality. Along with shaving time off your ride—just how much will depend on your distance and terrain, but an ebike optimized for commutes can slash a 27-minute standard ride down to 15 minutes—that speed and the ease of the ride allow you to show up without looking like you need a shower and a Gatorade. Plus, with accessories like baskets and child seats, you can ditch the car and make errands like daycare drop off and Target runs all part of your electric ride to work.  But ebikes aren’t all work, no play. They’re great tools for making the most of the free time you have to explore the great outdoors, since they allow you to travel farther, faster. Easy to rack to the back of a car or to fold into the trunk or an RV, they’re mobile enough to trot out for a quick Saturday spin but long-lasting enough to get you through an entire weekend of camping trip rides. Ebikes with fat tires can help you tackle terrain that a conventional bike can’t, while an ultra-quiet but mighty hunting bike can be an affordable way to trek through mud, sand, or snow to stake out a spot that other hunters won’t find.  Ebikes get dismissed as the lazy version of biking. And while it’s true that rides can sometimes seem effortless, your body is still getting the benefits of exercise. One study tracked previously sedentary adults who took up ebiking. After a month, they had greater aerobic fitness, better blood sugar control, a trend towards lowering their body fat, and, importantly, the desire to keep on riding despite other forms of exercise never enticing them before.  Plus, there are people for whom less physically taxing rides can be a game changer. The balance and motor functions required to ride a bike can help to alleviate the symptoms of diseases like Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s in aging populations. And doing it on an ebike can help seniors get all those benefits without physically exhausting themselves, making rides a great way to stay active and healthy with older relatives and friends. Scaling back your driving miles by 5,000 per year can slash your carbon footprint by 15%, and contribute to your physical and mental wellbeing in the process. There’s never been a more critical time to start making the sacrifices that will help keep Earth healthy. So why not make a switch to electric that feels like anything but a sacrifice? Interested in uncovering even more reasons you can benefit from an ebike? Rad Power Bikes is offering Futurism readers a free add-on accessory of up to a $100 value when you buy an ebike. Just add the promo code “FUTURISM” at checkout and get ready for the ride that will change your life. Offer expires 4/10/20 at 11:30 PDT and cannot be combined with other discounts or promotions. U.S. only. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with RadPower Bikes, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Given the current state of the world, you probably won’t be stepping foot inside an actual museum any time soon. However, that does not mean you can’t immerse yourself in cultural, scientific, and historical artifacts. In fact, now is actually the perfect time to create your very own private museum in the comfort and safety of your own home, because it’s not nearly as expensive or difficult as you might think. The folks at Mini Museum have been helping regular everyday people build tiny private collections since 2014. And right now they are offering one of the coolest science and technology artifacts you’ll ever get your hands on—namely, a piece of kapton foil from the command module of NASA’s Apollo 13 mission. Mini Museum was launched via Kickstarter back in 2014. At first the only products they sold were their titular Mini Museums, which are beautifully curated collections of rare miniature specimens and artifacts spanning eons. These collections include things like extraterrestrial amino acids, dinosaur bones, moon dust, Viking axes, Egyptian mummy beads, and pieces of the White House, just to name a few of their amazing specimens. However, these days Mini Museum also caters to collectors with more specific interests by selling individual specimens. And if you’re a space buff, you’re not going to want to miss this one Technically the Apollo 13 mission was a failure. However, over the years it has come to be recognized as one of the greatest rescue missions of all time, a symbol of courage and resilience, and reminder that the impossible can become possible with rigorous devotion to science and engineering. Launched on April 11, 1970, Apollo 13 was supposed to be the third mission to land human beings on the moon. However, roughly 56 hours into the mission, an electrical short caused an oxygen tank to explode, transforming a voyage of discovery into a struggle for survival 200,000 miles from Earth. The situation facing astronauts Jim Lovell, Jack Swigert, and Fred Haise was incredibly dire. The explosion didn’t just leave Command Module Odyssey short on oxygen. It depleted its power supply as well, leaving just 15 minutes of a battery power that had to be saved for re-entry. As a result, all three astronauts had to spend the entire three-day journey back to earth in the Lunar Module, which was only designed to support two people for 45 hours. Working together with NASA’s team of scientists and engineers back on earth—all of them using computers with 1/100,000th the computing power of the phone in your hand or pocket right now—Lovell, Swigert, and Haise improvised ingenious solutions to a host of mechanical problems, keeping themselves alive, against all odds, until they splashed down safely in the Paciic Ocean on April 17, 1970. Now, thanks to Mini Museum, you can own a piece of the historic Apollo 13 mission. This specimen is a fragment of mission-flown kapton foil, which provided thermal protection for the Apollo 13 Command Module. Each specimen measures approximately 1mm x 1mm. They come enclosed in an acrylic cube with a magnified lid, and the acrylic cube is housed inside an attractive glass-top riker box display case. Inside the display case is an information card with images from Apollo 13, details about the mission, and a certificate of authenticity. The mission-flown kapton foil used to make these specimens comes from the personal collection of retired NASA engineer William R. Whipkey, who oversaw the decommissioning of the Command Modules from multiple Apollo missions. It was acquired by Mini Museum at auction. Because of the high demand for this incredibly cool piece of history, Mini Museum is limiting sales to just two per customer. If you want to add a piece of Apollo 13 to your personal museum, you definitely do not want to wait. Supplies will not last long. Click here to order yours today. Share This Article 
Your mouth is a zoo of bacteria. And in a new series of astonishing (ly disturbing) images assembled by a team of researchers, we get to experience this diverse biome in all its psychedelic, multicolored glory — with each funky color representing a different species of bacteria, as Science Alert reports. "The tongue is particularly important because it harbors a large reservoir of microbes and is a traditional reference point in medicine," said Jessica Mark Welch, co-author of the study published in the journal Cell Reports and microbial ecologist at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Massachusetts, in a statement. "'Stick out your tongue' is one of the first things a doctor says." "We think that learning who is next to who will help us understand how these communities work," Welch added. The species range from Streptococcigreen around the edges of the tongue where they can gobble up oxygen, shown in green, to actinomyces, which thrive in an anaerobic environment away from the edges, in red. Rothia, shown in cyan, keeps away from either of those border regions. In total, there are more than 700 species of bacteria that call our mouths their home. however, the three genera of bacteria identified above were found in 80 percent of the 21 healthy tongues the researchers collected samples from. To separate these oxygen-rich and -poor environments, the bacteria form layers of protective slime referred to as "biofilm." "Bacteria behave differently in a biofilm," co-author Mark Welch said. "There are parts of their metabolism they only turn on in a biofilm, and they tend to be more resistant to antibiotics and changes in the environment." The scientists' research also suggests that small bumps on the surface of the human tongue exist to allow certain kinds of bacteria to create nitric oxide, an important chemical for controlling blood pressure — a process that the human body isn't capable of taking care of by itself. READ MORE:  Incredible Images Show How Bacteria Set Up Tiny Colonies on Your Tongue [Science Alert] More on the tongue: IBM Unveils New “Electronic Tongue” to Taste and Identify Liquids Share This Article 
Australian astrophysicist Daniel Reardon ended up at the hospital — and it wasn't for a fever or a cough. In fact, his medical conundrum was quite different: he managed to get four small magnets stuck up his nose, according to The Guradian. Basically, the 27-year-old physicist was bored at home and tried to come up with a contraption that stops you from touching your face — a big no-no in the age of coronavirus. "I have some electronic equipment but really no experience or expertise in building circuits or things," he told The Guardian. This is how Reardon's device would have worked: "I had a part that detects magnetic fields," he explained. "I thought that if I built a circuit that could detect the magnetic field, and we wore magnets on our wrists, then it could set off an alarm if you brought it too close to your face. A bit of boredom in isolation made me think of that." But he got it the wrong way around. "I accidentally invented a necklace that buzzes continuously unless you move your hand close to your face,” Reardon told The Guardian. And that's without getting into the magnets that got stuck up his nose. "After scrapping that idea, I was still a bit bored, playing with the magnets," Reardon lamented. "It’s the same logic as clipping pegs to your ears — I clipped them to my earlobes and then clipped them to my nostril and things went downhill pretty quickly when I clipped the magnets to my other nostril." "My partner took me to the hospital that she works in because she wanted all her colleagues to laugh at me," Reardon told the newspaper. "The doctors thought it was quite funny, making comments like 'This is an injury due to self-isolation and boredom.'" Reardon is done experimenting for the time being. "Needless to say I am not going to play with the magnets any more," he told The Guardian. READ MORE: Astrophysicist gets magnets stuck up nose while inventing coronavirus device [The Guardian] More on the virus: DIY Face Masks Are Basically Useless Against the Coronavirus Share This Article 
In Berlin, an AI is working alongside 12 urban artists from around the world to create the street art of the future. Fantasize, experiment, imagine: these are things only humans were traditionally thought to be capable of– until recently.  For <MEISTERSTÜCKE> (German for “masterpieces”), the visual data sets of 12 artists’ Instagram accounts (including 3D art, illustration, photography and graffiti) were used to feed an AI. The machine, programmed by Berlin design studio Waltz Binaire, was able to transfer the data into numbers and then identify patterns, contexts and shapes within the information.  Under the creative guidance of maverick Jazzelle Zanaughtti, aka. Ugly Worldwide, 12 <MEISTERSTÜCKE> were born, showing how the future of urban art might look. The results also include an interactive face filter inspired by the project, bringing the artwork to life for Instagram users.   <MEISTERSTÜCKE> is being showcased as a virtual exhibition (as well as via changing projection murals on the streets of Berlin Kreuzberg). Contributing artists are from all over the globe, and include prominent contemporary creators such as Antoni Tudisco, Tony Futura, RAWS and Andrea Wan. The project was initiated and enabled by Jägermeister. For more info, visit: jagermeister.com/de-DE/meisterstuecke Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with Jägermeister, who sponsored this post. They help us keep the lights on. This post does not reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. It's no secret that energy drinks are a big business. Driven by an intense demand from consumers looking to gain a physical and mental edge, the industry is expected to be worth over $86 billion by 2026. That said, just because something is popular doesn't mean it is good. Many, if not most, energy drinks and shots are less than healthy, containing from 200 to 400 milligrams of caffeine and 30 to 50 grams of sugar per serving. Yes, this type of drink will perk you up, but they will also set you up for a major crash. And they don’t improve your brain’s overall performance. Luckily, Neurohacker Collective, one of the most respected names in the nootropics industry, is about to change that. They’ve taken the scientifically proven brain-boosting formula used in their popular nootropic supplements and repurposed it to create Qualia Nootropic Energy, the world’s first true smart drink. Neurohacker Each two-ounce Qualia Nootropic Energy shot contains nine researched-backed nootropics along with three additional ingredients that promote overall health. As a result, they provide clean lasting energy and help promote increased focus and motivation. And unlike other energy drinks, Qualia Nootropic Energy shots contain just four grams of sugar, and the same amount of caffeine found in a small coffee. Here's a closer look at what you'll find in each Qualia Nootropic Energy shot. Saffron is a spice derived from the Crocus sativus plant, and has been used for at least 4,000 years. A multitude of health benefits are attributed to saffron, and some evidence suggests it may improve mood and protect against cognitive impairment, while also promoting focus and attention. Known as “intellect plant,” celastrus paniculatus is a climbing shrub found throughout the Himalayan highlands of northern India. Known for its nootropic and neuroprotective effect, the herb has been used in ayurvedic medicine for thousands of years. Some studies suggest it has ability to increase the number of lipids and phospholipids in the brain, reduce depression, and even protect neurons against glutamate-induced toxicity. Commonly found it in green tea, L-theanine is an amino acid analog of glutamate and glutamine derived from the Camellia Sinensis plant. Studies suggest that L-theanine increases alpha brain waves, which promotes attention and relaxation without sedation. It is also thought to modulate the release of dopamine to help improve mood. Better known as alpha GPC, Alpha-glycerophosphocholine is a compound of choline and glycerophosphate that's been shown to increase neural membrane integrity. Due to its strong neuroprotective effects, it is thought to help increasing choline levels in the brain. Coffeeberry is derived from an organic coffee cherries, which is the fruit surrounding the hard seed or “bean” from which coffee is made. Coffee cherries are high in polyphenols, and like coffee beans, they also contain caffeine. Many studies indicate coffeeberry’s role in supporting cognitive performance, executive function, task switching, information processing, reasoning, and creative thinking. N-Acetyl-L-Tyrosine is known for a number of nootropic effects, including increased attention, motivation, concentration, memory, and learning. Studies indicate that this acetylated form of the amino acid L-Tyrosine has a has the ability to increase the synthesis of noradrenaline from dopamine and balance levels of serotonin and GABA. It may also increase the bioavailability of tyrosine which can reduce the effects of environmental stress. Commonly known as American ginseng, Panax quinquefolius is a plant native to forested regions of North America. The ginseng extract known as Cereboost has been clinically studied on humans, and may enhance working memory and attention while promoting calmness. It is also thought by some to support learning and working memory, and has been shown to support neurogenesis and as well as neuroprotective effects. Studies suggest the inositol-enhanced bonded arginine silicate known as NooLVL can upregulate dopamine release. Studies also indicate that it may help support neurotransmitter signaling and support performance in complex cognitive tests requiring mental flexibility, processing speed, and executive function. Human clinical studies have shown that ExXtra, an alpinia galanga rhizome extract derived from Alpinia galanga plant, can be used to support mental attention, alertness, and memory. Neurohacker Qualia Nootropic Energy has a triple berry flavor, and each shot comes in two-ounce serving packet. And right now, if you try Qualia Nootropic Energy by clicking HERE, you can get an additional 15-percent off your initial purchase by using the coupon code PROD15 at checkout. Best of all, Neurohacker Collective offers a full 100-day money-back guarantee. So if you don’t notice a marked improvement in your mental performance, you can get your money back. The company even offers free cognitive assessment tools that you can use to track your mental performance and see the results of their specialized nootropics blend for yourself. So if you're in search of an energy drink that works, stop flooding your brain with sugar and caffeine, and try Neurohacker Collective’s Qualia Nootropics Energy smart drink, today. Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. The internet is a big and often bad place, with plenty of content and information parents might not want kids to see. While many parents have already given up the fight in trying to stay ahead of their kids’ internet usage, others are fighting fire with fire and using technology to their advantage. And that's where Net Nanny comes in. The company's parental control products for iOS and Android make it easier than ever to monitor kids' online activity and keep them safe from bad actors and harmful content. Net Nanny lets adults both monitor and filter internet usage on up to 20 devices, depending on which plan customers opt for (more on that in a bit). This means parents can get reports and alerts on what kids are doing online, but also restrict access to apps and sites on a customizable, personalized basis. Other parental control systems offer a simple list of blocked websites or apps, but Net Nanny has dynamic filter scans that actively analyze sites to determine whether they fit the specifications set for each individual user. This means that your 5-year-old and your 15-year-old won’t be subject to the same restrictions on online activity. Net Nanny can detect inappropriate content in real time, and gives you the option to allow users to access it, block it entirely, or provide them with a warning, depending on what’s best for your household. With Net Nanny’s Family Protection Pass plans, you can apply filters and monitoring to not only Windows and macOS computers, but also Android, iOS, and Kindle Fire. If you want to protect five devices, the plan will cost you $54.99 a year – or about $11 per device. If you have a larger household and need to protect up to 20 different devices with Net Nanny, that plan will cost $89.99 per year – or less than five bucks per device. Then there’s the single desktop option, which will protect your Windows or Mac PC for the cost of $39.99 a year. Other Net Nanny features including: parental controls, app blocking, a parent dashboard, screen time management, location tracking, alerts and activity reports, website blocking, dynamic content filtering, and a special “family feed.” You’ll also get Net Nanny’s powerful and customizable porn blocker. So if you want to protect your family from the worst that the Internet has to offer, head over to the official Net Nanny site and sign up now. Share This Article 
Self quarantine can get pretty lonely — especially if you're used to spending a lot of time around other people on a daily basis. But there's one group who are real pros when it comes to isolation: astronauts orbiting the Earth with nothing but empty space around them, Space.com reports — in some instances, for an entire year at a time. So now, it's time to listen to the experts. If they can survive months if not years aboard the International Space Station (ISS), you can survive a couple of weeks locked up in your apartment. "It's actually very doable, but it's very important to be able to interact well with the people you're staying with, living with," retired astronaut Peggy Whitson said about being isolated in space, during a Monday interview with CBS This Morning. Whitson broke the record in 2017 for spending the most cumulative days in 2017 with a total of 665 days aboard the International Space Station. WATCH: @AstroPeggy, one of the most successful astronauts in American history, shares her advice for staying in during the #coronavirus pandemic: “You have to be able to communicate effectively... that is the most important thing you have to be able to do.” pic.twitter.com/m3mzy0BOsE — CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) March 23, 2020  "A lot of people are trying to work from home and trying to be parents from home and have a family at home and so it becomes very challenging," Whitson added. "But that's just like what we did on board the International Space Station." Whitson also talked about what NASA astronauts go through to get ready for this isolation. "We actually train our astronauts to improve those skills because we want everyone to play well with others on board the space station," Whitson told CBS. "You don't get to pick your crew, you're just going to be up there and you have to make the best of whatever situation." So what do you do when you can't get just step out of the door? "I would do the extra work that I'd been thinking about doing," Wilson said.  "What are the things that you would do if you had more time? Is it to read? Is it to maybe write poetry or do art? What is it that has been the thing that has been in the back of your head?" In a recent Twitter thread, current NASA astronaut Anne McClain shared the kind of skills every NASA astronaut has to learn called "Expeditionary Behavior," or EB for short. "Good EB" is all about "talking so you are clearly understood" and actively listening, according to McClain. You also have to learn how to become a leader by enhancing "the group’s ability to execute its purpose through positive influence." Astronauts also have to learn how to take good care of themselves, "including hygiene, managing time and personal stuff, getting sleep, and maintaining mood." "To practice good Group Living EB, cooperate rather than compete," McClain wrote. " Actively cultivate group culture. Respect roles, responsibilities and workload. Take accountability; give praise freely." In an opinion piece for The New York Times, veteran NASA astronaut Scott Kelly also gave some sage advice for those going stir crazy at home during the coronavirus outbreak. Step 1: follow a routine. "You will find maintaining a plan will help you and your family adjust to a different work and home life environment," Kelly wrote. Step 2: slow down. "Living in space, I deliberately paced myself because I knew I was in it for the long haul — just like we all are today," Kelly added. "Take time for fun activities: I met up with crew mates for movie nights, complete with snacks, and binge-watched all of “Game of Thrones” — twice." Reading, playing instruments, keeping a journal, and — of course — washing your hands are all great ways to keep sane and healthy while cooped up at home, according to Kelly. Retired Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield also had some advice to give in a video uploaded to his YouTube channel over the weekend. His advice is to approach the situation from an analytical place. First, figure out the actual risks that you and your loved ones are facing right now. Then find an objective and set yourself goals. "Once you understand the risk and your mission, your sense of purpose, and your obligations, then take action. Start doing things," Chris Hadfield said. "There's never been a better time to self-isolate," Hadfield argued. "So many people have access to the internet that you have the entire written work, body of knowledge, right at your fingertips." "So take care of yourself, take care of your family, take care of your friends, take care of your spaceship," he concluded. Buzz Aldrin, the second man on the Moon, also had some choice words for Ars Technica's senior space reporter Eric Berger last week. When asked what he was doing to keep safe during the outbreak — he turned 90 in January — Aldrin replied: "Lying on my ass and locking the door." READ MORE: Astronauts know how to handle isolation: Here are tips from Scott Kelly, Peggy Whitson and more. [Space.com] More on astronauts: The Second Man to Walk on the Moon Has Some Quarantine Advice Share This Article 
It's a privacy advocate's worst nightmare. It may also be one of our only hopes. However you see it, more and more countries are tapping into citizens' cell phone location data to monitor and track the spread of coronavirus, in order to slow the speed of infections. The actual extent of surveillance depends on the country, according to The Verge. And more specifically, it depends on the privacy and data protection laws each respective country's enacted. For instance, GDPR prevents European nations from seeing an individual's phone data, but The Verge reports that countries like Israel and Taiwan are taking more extreme measures. Here's what these measures look like: - United States: A number of startups are working on apps for monitoring and tracking infections, and the government is reportedly in talks with platforms like Facebook about accessing their tracking data. - Europe: Countries are working with aggregated data that's been at least partially anonymized. So while authorities can't pinpoint who's doing what, they can observe how well people are observing quarantine protocols en masse. - Israel: Taking a heavier hand — federal authorities can now track individual patients who tested positive for COVID-19. - Iran: Built an app intended to diagnose the coronavirus that instead lets the government track individuals. - China: Setting each individual's quarantine level by sending codes to their smartphones, which can then report violators to the cops. - Taiwan: Reportedly built an electronic fence system that automatically reports people who venture too far from their homes to the police. - South Korea: By far the most aggressive of all the above. According to The Verge, the government created a map of everyone's cell phone data — and made it available to the public — so everyone could track whether they'd been exposed. With every one of these technological public health measures, there's a loss of personal privacy in tow. The extent to which that's acceptable — and how much trust can be placed in those in power — is still being hotly debated, because for all of its draconian oversteps, South Korea's response seems to have worked. READ MORE: Governments around the world are increasingly using location data to manage the coronavirus [The Verge] More on phone tracking: This MIT and Harvard-Built App Could Slow the Spread of Coronavirus Share This Article 
As the coronavirus rages, huge swathes of the world population are choosing to stay home to prevent spreading it. The result is an unprecedented desolation in urban centers. It almost evokes a post-apocalyptic movie — except that you know that everybody's still out there, hiding out at home. In a must-read photo essay, The New York Times called it a "great emptiness." Here are some of the most incredible drone videos to capture that enormous public loneliness. This is where the devastation all began, just months ago — and this footage shows its public areas largely abandoned, beneath ominous grey skies. It's hard to imagine the City of Angels without throngs of tourists, film crews and the occasional star. In this clip, though, it looks as desolate as the set of a post-apocalyptic film. France has been slammed by the coronavirus — and it shows in this eerie footage of its iconic streets, all but empty as residents shelter indoors. The sheer scale of Manhattan gives a strange gravity to its near-empty streets — especially at night. It's hard to imagine Boston with the hubbub of a Red Sox game or a show at TD Garden. But this haunting footage shows Fenway Park as deserted as the city streets. London's classic streetscapes and quintessential subway stations don't feel quite the same without a crush of commuters and travelers. Nashville, compared to major metropolises, is a small town. But this clip of its main drag, almost completely deserted, shows what it's like when Music City goes silent. And finally, from photographer Noah Kalina, check out this thread of webcams on various destinations around the world: Trevi Fountain - Rome. 3/23/2020 16:40 pic.twitter.com/N2jDCuXbm1 — Noah Kalina (@noahkalina) March 23, 2020  Milan Cathedral. Milan, Italy. 3/23/202 17:49 pic.twitter.com/xntheacv2n — Noah Kalina (@noahkalina) March 23, 2020  Bellagio. Las Vegas, NV. 3/23/2020 11:22 pic.twitter.com/tbzVBtx5cK — Noah Kalina (@noahkalina) March 23, 2020  More on the coronavirus: Doctors Think This May Be the First Symptom of the Coronavirus  Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Are you looking for a trustworthy weed delivery service that sells high-end cannabis products online? How about one that also offers on-demand delivery? If so, you need to check out Eaze.com, the weed delivery service that makes it safe and easy to order cannabis from home. The movement to legalize marijuana has made a ton of progress in recent years. There are now 11 states that have completely legalized the recreational use and commercial distribution of cannabis. And this is all very good news for people who use cannabis for medicinal and therapeutic reasons, or people who care about inequitable incarceration rates stemming from the United States’ War on Drugs, or for small business owners and the communities that benefit from taxes collected on cannabis sales, or people who just think adults should be free to enjoy cannabis in a safe, responsible way. Unfortunately, while cannabis legalization is on the rise, actually purchasing cannabis products can be a confusing and inconvenient process. If you want to shop in a brick and mortar store, you might have to travel quite a distance from where you live. And when you get there, the selection might be pretty limited. However, if you want to shop online, you have to worry about the quality of the products. Fortunately, companies like Eaze are out to revolutionize the sale of cannabis in a way that benefits everyone involved. To put it simply, Eaze is the premier place to buy safe, high-quality cannabis products online and get it delivered to your door on-demand. However, if you want to get more specific, Eaze is an online marketplace and technology platform. What that means is that Eaze does not actually sell cannabis products themselves. Instead, they provide the online infrastructure that enables small business owners to easily sell and deliver their products online. When you shop on Eaze.com, the orders are fulfilled by Eaze’s retail partners. These partners are fully licensed dispensaries, and all deliveries are made by employees with up to date criminal background checks. This platform gives you a wider selection of products to choose from than if they shopped at a single dispensary, while also providing an invaluable education in product selection and safe consumption. When you create your free Eaze account, you have to provide proof of ID showing you are at lest 21 years of age. You'll also have to show that ID to the driver upon delivery. Right now Eaze’s on-demand cannabis delivery is only available in select states, because laws are complicated. But you can bet your grandma’s house Eaze is doing everything they can to expand. Eaze offers a full range of cannabis products, including vapes, edibles, flowers, pre-rolls, drinks, tinctures, concentrates, and more. On the website, every product is color-coded to indicate what type of cannabis it contains, and what types of effects you can expect to feel. Yellow indicates sativa products; blue indicates indica products; green indicates hybrid products that combine sativa and indica; and purple indicates non-psychoactive CBD products. Below you can find just a small sampling of some of their best-selling products. Vaping involves inhaling heated oil through a vaporizing device, often called an e-cigarette or vape pen. High end vape manufacturers use high-potency ceramic cartridges that use a cold-filtering process that purifies cannabis, producing a superior experience for the user. Vaping has become very popular in recent years as people look for smoke-free cannabis options. Eaze carries vape cartages and pens in a variety of strains and potencies, from many of the top brands, including Heavy Hitters, Jetty, Leune, Pax, G Pen, and Fuego. For those who a more old-fashioned cannabis experience, Eaze carries a wide variety of pure, high-quality flowers that you can grind, roll, or pack into your favorite smoking device. Popular brands like Old Pal, Humboldt Farms, Cloud 9, and Island offer some of the most famous strains. Whether you're looking for sativa, indica, hybrid, or mostly THC-free CBD, Eaze has you covered. Don’t want to smoke or vape? Try edibles. On Eaze you can find a wide variety of convenient edible options, including decadent handmade chocolate bars, soothing teas, tropical gummies, refreshing mints, and chewy bars. Oh, don't forget the cannabis infused wines, beers, and tonics! Some of the most popular edible brands on Eaze include Punch, Emerald Sky, Kiva, and PLUS. Eaze offers a full selection of concentrates. Also known as 710, honey oil, or budder, among other things, these highly potent cannabis concentrates are very popular among experienced cannabis users. Eaze has an excellent selection of premium concentrates, offering some of the most popular strains from top brands like Neutron Genetics, Guild, Dime Bag, Fuego, Dab Tabs, and LoudPack. If you're ready to get quality cannabis products like these delivered straight to your door, simply click here to create your free account, and you'll be shopping in no time. Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. For decades, large financial institutions and high-net worth individuals have had access to a class of highly lucrative real estate investments that regular everyday people did not. But luckily, thanks to advancements in the fintech industry, things are finally starting to change. In fact, innovative companies like DiversyFund are using new crowdfunding platforms to open these previously exclusive investment opportunities to the masses. And what that means is that, for the first time ever, regular everyday people can diversify their portfolios into real estate like never before. Of course, lowtech crowdfunding has been a part of the financial services industry for a long time. Mutual funds, hedge funds, pension funds, and exchange-traded funds, or ETFs—these are all basically crowdfunded investments. A bunch of regular people pool their money together into a single portfolio, which is directed by professional money managers. By doing this, small investors achieve far greater growth and stability than they would ever be able to achieve on their own. And that is great. The only problem with these old-fashioned crowdfunded investments is that, by law, they are only allowed to invest in publicly traded securities like stocks and bonds. The good news is that, today, technological advancements are disrupting the financial services industry. Modern data science has led to the development of innovative online crowdfunding platforms that are opening up a world of new possibilities for regular investors. And the SEC has responded by loosening restrictions and opening up pooled fund real estate investing to everybody. That’s where startups like DiversyFund come in. DiversyFund is a simple online platform that makes it exponentially easier for regular people to invest in portfolios of diversified real estate assets. These assets are called Real Estate Investment Trusts, or REITs, and are professionally managed portfolios which all follow the same three-step strategy. First, DiversyFund acquires multifamily apartment buildings that already generate revenue but are in need of improvements. Second, DiversyFund renovates the buildings within the first year, increasing their value in a process called forced appreciation. The buildings then generate increased revenues through increased rents, and continue to do so until market conditions are right for profitable liquidation. Third, when market conditions are right, DiversyFund sells its real estate assets, returns principles, and distributes the returns to investors. With DiversyFund, monthly dividends are automatically reinvested in the fund for the duration of your investment term. This term is generally about five years, but the exact length depends on the market. Thanks to their tried-and-true strategy, DiversyFund has an excellent historical return rate of 17.5 percent. And because DiversyFund actually owns and operates the properties you invest in, which cuts out all the middlemen, there are absolutely no fees. DiversyFund is also incredibly accessible. There’s no net wealth requirement, and no credit score requirement. If you can afford the minimum investment of $500, you’re eligible. So whether you’re a new investor just starting to plan for your future, or you're an old pro looking for innovative new ways to diversify your portfolio, you need to take a look at DiversyFund. There may be a lot of high tech investing options to choose from these days, but you won’t find many as simple and straightforward as this. Share This Article 
In a series of tweets, Tesla CEO Elon Musk offered to "make ventilators if there is a shortage" in order to assist overtaxed hospitals during the coronavirus outbreak. It's a surprising shift for the billionaire. The news comes after he downplayed the risks of the deadly virus outbreak just last week. "The coronavirus panic is dumb," he wrote on March 6. In a follow-up tweet last night, Musk explained that "the panic will cause more harm than the virus, if that hasn't happened already." Tesla was also extremely slow in its response to closing its Fremont factory in California, with local law enforcement warning to shut it down after the company refused to comply with the Bay Area's "shelter in place" lockdown. The US is headed for a crisis. There are not nearly enough lifesaving ventilators for everybody who's currently sick with COVID-19 and still bound to get infected. The country's also been extremely slow in accelerating the production of ventilators as well. The initial plea came from a Tesla owner who works in the medical field called Raja Abbas. "Please repurpose your factory to make ventilators which are needed ASAP," Abbas wrote in a tweet targeted at Musk. "I am a Tesla owner and love the company. You have to stop being an idiot about this. This is a massive disaster. Ask the doctors in the field." As it turns out, Tesla and Musk's other successful venture SpaceX could be pretty well suited for manufacturing ventilators. "Tesla makes cars with sophisticated hvac systems," Musk explained in a Thursday tweet. "SpaceX makes spacecraft with life support systems. Ventilators are not difficult, but cannot be produced instantly." Despite the good will, Musk still seems hesitant about turning his business around to assist in a crisis of unprecedented proportions. He's still looking for the fire: "Which hospitals have these shortages you speak of right now?" Musk responded to FiveThirtyEight editor-in-chief Nate Silver. Silver called his bluff by suggesting those in need reach out to him to let Elon know. As of this morning, Bill De Blasio, New York City mayor, was already on the list, and reaching out to Musk. It is, as ever, Musk's move. READ MORE: Tesla offers to make ventilators from its factory in response to coronavirus shortages [Teslarati] More on Musk: California Cops Say Tesla Factory Must Shut Down Share This Article 
SO, HERE'S THE IDEA: Everyone installs an app, and anyone who tests positive for the coronavirus hits a button on the app — and then anyone who's crossed paths with that person gets an alert. Sounds great in theory, but in practice there are tons of reasonable concerns, privacy and user adoption among them. And would it even work? Well, a super-squad of developers with backgrounds from MIT, Harvard, the Mayo Clinic, Google, and Facebook are trying to find out. The app, which is available for free, and was developed by a team of 43 tech workers and academics in their spare time, is called Private Kit: Safe Paths and the beta can be downloaded now for iOS and Android. Its developers claim to first and foremost address the privacy concerns of anyone using it by only sharing encrypted data culled by the app with a network that doesn't have any kind of central node. No one entity holds all the users' data. Instead, data transfer only occurs at the choice of the users, with individualized access given to, say, researchers (or someone trying to do contact tracing). That still doesn't solve the mitigating major issue of needing widespread adoption of the app, and they would need the backing of a massive health organization to help it. As Wired reports, the team behind Safe Paths have already sought the approval of the World Health Organization: [MIT Media Lab professor Ramesh Raskar] has been rallying other researchers and tech executives to the effort, and he has been in contact with the World Health Organization, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the US Department of Health and Human Services. “They are giving us guidance on what will work,” he says, although none has yet endorsed the idea. And, as Wired also notes, this isn't the first time an app has been developed to potentially combat the spread of disease before, pointing to an app developed in 2011 by Cambridge University scientists called FluPhone. The problem there? Only one percent of the people in Cambridge downloaded it. Another obvious issue with widespread adoption of an app like this isn't a matter of choice so much as resources. The solution here, to a large degree, operates on certain middle-class assumptions. We know there are large swaths of the human population even in urban centers who don't own phones, or people (like undocumented immigrants) who would potentially balk at the idea of installing anything on their phone that keeps track of their locations. That said, these solutions, however nebulous and far-fetched, seem to be far friendlier ideas than the stark alternatives. Take the country of Israel, for example, where as The Guardian reports, they just went and decided to do, well, this: Israel’s government has approved emergency measures to track people suspected or confirmed to have been infected with the coronavirus by monitoring their mobile phones, immediately raising privacy concerns in the country. The cabinet unanimously approved the use of the technology – developed initially for counterterrorism purposes – in the early hours of Tuesday morning. Meanwhile, as The Guardian also points out, other ostensibly less militant measures have resulted in not-so-great results. South Korea, for example, went with... ...messages that trace the movements of people who have recently been diagnosed with the virus. “A woman in her 60s has just tested positive,” reads a typical text, “Click on the link for the places she visited before she was hospitalised,” it adds. Clicking on the link takes the user to the website of a district office that lists the places the patient had visited before testing positive. Needless to say, some potentially humiliating outcomes have arisen from this approach: As South Korean media pored over their movements, citizens looked on with a mixture of horror and fascination as their private lives were laid bare, leading to speculation that they were having an affair and that [a] secretary had undergone plastic surgery. Perhaps the lesson here is that we're going to be better off choosing how to help our communities do contact tracing, ourselves, before a choice — and a far worse one — gets made for us. Share This Article 
Last April, the international coalition of scientists who run the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT), a network of eight telescopes from around the world, revealed the first-ever image of a black hole. Now, a team of researchers at the Center for Astrophysics at Harvard have revealed calculations, as detailed in a paper published in the journal Science Advances today, that predict an intricate internal structure within black hole images caused by extreme gravitational light bending. The new research, they say, could lead to much sharper images when compared to the blurry ones we've seen so far. "With the current EHT image, we've caught just a glimpse of the full complexity that should emerge in the image of any black hole," said Michael Johnson a lecturer at the Center for Astrophysics, in a statement. The EHT image was able to catch the black hole's "photon sphere" or "photon ring," a region around a black hole where gravity is so overpowering, it forces photons to travel in orbits. But as it turns out, there's even more to the image. "The image of a black hole actually contains a nested series of rings," Johnson said. "Each successive ring has about the same diameter but becomes increasingly sharper because its light orbited the black hole more times before reaching the observer." Until last year, that internal structure of black holes remained shrouded in mystery. "As a theorist, I am delighted to finally glean real data about these objects that we've been abstractly thinking about for so long," Alex Lupsasca from the Harvard Society of Fellows said in the statement. These newly discovered substructures could allow for even sharper images in the future. "What really surprised us was that while the nested subrings are almost imperceptible to the naked eye on images — even perfect images — they are strong and clear signals for arrays of telescopes called interferometers," Johnson added. "While capturing black hole images normally requires many distributed telescopes, the subrings are perfect to study using only two telescopes that are very far apart," Johnson said. "Adding one space telescope to the EHT would be enough." There might be other ways as well. In November, a team of Dutch astronomers suggested sending two to three satellites equipped with radio imaging technology to observe black holes at five times the sharpness of the last attempt. READ MORE: Black Hole Team Discovers Path to Razor-Sharp Black Hole Images [Center for Astrophysics] More on EHT: Explained: Why the Next Black Hole Image Will Be Incredible Share This Article 
Josh and Benny Safdie, the writer-director brothers behind 2019's Adam Sandler-led indie film hit masterpiece "Uncut Gems," aren't just geniuses of anxiety-inducing auteur cinema. We present to you: How To Save the NBA (and All Other Pro Sports) Under Quarantine. What if the NBA had each player play as themselves on NBA 2k and we all watched that? — SAFDIE (@JOSH_BENNY) March 17, 2020  Okay, so, yes: This idea is absurd. This idea is galaxy brain. Because playing video game basketball is nothing like playing actual basketball. Even if you're a professional basketball player (and maybe especially if you're a basketball player). But watching them try would be nothing if not entertaining. Apparently, this isn't the first time this idea's been floated, either, as the Safdies seemingly tapped into something potent in the collective unconscious: Since they NBA season is cancelled they should just livestream all the players playing against each other as themselves on NBA2k — Randall Otis (@RandallOtisTV) March 12, 2020  It's not like NBA players aren't already all over Twitch already. Per an ESPN report, NBA players have already taken to the service, where you can stream people playing video games, in droves. NBA teams themselves have already started streaming video game matches following their game schedules, pitting elite video game players against each other to represent their teams. And if you don't think there's an audience for two gamers to play basketball against each other, think again: The stream was a success, consistently in the 4,500-5,000 range in terms of viewers. At one point, the stream reached more than 12,000 viewers, which is an impressive number on Twitch for NBA2K game streams. Yes, it would be absurd. Yes, it would be a mess. But also, yes, the world can't watch Rudy Gobert get dunked on soon enough. This idea has legs. They are pixelated, athletic, and ready to play. Please, god, let the NBA 2k20 Quarantine Season of Mess commence. Share This Article 
While the coronavirus outbreak is dominating the global news cycle, a team of astronomers at the University of Pennsylvania have discovered 139 minor planets — too small to be a proper a planet, but not a comet or space rock either — orbiting the Sun beyond Neptune, as detailed in a paper published in the Astrophysical Journal last week. The so-called "trans-Neptunian Objects" (TNOs), the most famous of which is Pluto, orbit celestial bodies in the Kuiper belt, a region in our Solar System that stretches beyond our system's eight major planets. Extending outward by some 50 astronomical units — that's 50 times the distance between the Earth and the Sun — the Kuiper belt is far larger than the asteroid belt. The discoveries could uncover new ways to search for the mysterious Planet Nine, a hypothetical ninth planet in our Solar System that some suspect to be causing strange gravitational effects on a cluster of trans-Neptunian objects beyond Neptune's orbit. "There are lots of ideas about giant planets that used to be in the solar system and aren’t there anymore, or planets that are far away and massive but too faint for us to have noticed yet," co-lead and UPenn professor Gary Bernstein said in a statement. The team used data collected by the Dark Energy Survey (DES), an international collaborative effort, launched in 2013, to map hundreds of millions of galaxies. In January, the project completed six years of data collection. DES wasn't explicitly set up to search for TNOs, but rather to study galaxies and supernovas — so its researchers had to improvise. "Dedicated TNO surveys have a way of seeing the object move, and it’s easy to track them down," lead author and graduate student Pedro Bernardinelli said in the statement. "One of the key things we did in this paper was figure out a way to recover those movements." The team started with a dataset of seven billion possible objects detected by DES software, which they first cut down to 22 million "transient" objects, meaning they only appear for a limited period of time. They then filtered those down to 400 candidates that were observed over at least six nights of observation. By stacking multiple images, they were able to verify the existence of 316 TNOs, including 245 existing discoveries and 139 new objects. They're hoping their new way of finding TNOs could be used to find more of them using other astronomy surveys, such as the Vera C. Rubin Observatory, currently under construction in Chile, that will be able to look even further than DES. "Many of the programs we’ve developed can be easily applied to any other large datasets, such as what the Rubin Observatory will produce," said Bernardinelli. READ MORE: Our Weird Solar System Gets Weirder With 139 Newly Discovered Minor Planets [Popular Mechanics] More on trans-Neptunian objects: Astronomers Predict Planet Nine Has 5x the Earth’s Mass Share This Article 
SpaceX CEO and chief engineer Elon Musk desperately wants to go to Mars. And to get there, he's willing to put together an army of engineers at his space company's facilities in Boca Chica, Texas, to keep churning out Starship rocket prototypes — a massive stainless steel rocket, just shy of 400 feet — that he wants to use to one day ferry up to 100 passengers to distant planets. But failure is always a possibility during testing, especially after a hiring spree that added hundreds of workers to the company's labor pool practically overnight. The space company held a career day last month, doubling its workforce at the South Texas Launch Site to more than 500 workers, according to Ars Technica. That kind of massive shift in the labor force can put a strain on morale, as Ars Technica's senior space editor Eric Berger reports after being personally invited to check out SpaceX's rapidly growing Texas headquarters. The troubles became obvious early Monday morning, when Musk tweeted a video showing a Starship prototype dubbed "SN1" exploding in a massive cloud of gas at the company’s Boca Chica facilities. "It's fine," Musk tweeted on Monday, "we'll just buff it out." According to Berger's interview with Musk, though, the eccentric entrepreneur was angry about the failure behind the scenes. "We sent out a note to the team that this was badly designed, badly built, and badly checked,” he told Berger. "That’s just a statement of fact." Musk exhorted his engineers to be far more careful. "I told them that, in the future, you treat that rocket like it’s your baby, and you do not send it to the test site unless you think your baby’s going to be OK," he told Berger. And Musk said he wanted the engineers to be honest with him — not just build a rocket they knew would crumple like a can under pressure. "What’s not OK is they think that the weld is not good, they don’t tell me, they take it to the pad and blow it up," Musk added. "Now I have been clear. There’s plenty of forgiveness if you pass me the buck. There is no forgiveness if you don’t." According to Berger's report, Musk's specific design frustrations included an inverted cone design, which he called a "thrust puck," where three massive Raptor engines attach to the  body of the spacecraft itself. "It’s such a dumb design," Musk told Berger. "It’s one of the dumbest things on the whole rocket because it’s heavy, expensive, and unreliable." The SN1 incident was a minor hiccup, in the grand scheme of things — the prototype was on the chopping block anyways with crews working hard on the next iteration already. But the incident is proving frustrating for Musk, who has his mind set on a much grander vision. The billionaire doesn't want just one working Starship — he eventually wants his company to build a vast number. In November, Musk explained on Twitter that his vision is for a fleet of 1,000 Starships to carry enough cargo and passengers to establish a Martian city. With enough trips, that'd come out to one million people on Mars as soon as 2050, according to Musk. But before then, SpaceX is bound to explode plenty more prototypes before settling on a final design. READ MORE: Inside Elon Musk’s plan to build one Starship a week—and settle Mars [Ars Technica] More on Starships: Elon Musk Tweets Vid of Starship Crumpling Up Like a Soda Can Share This Article 
Streets, schools, and places of worship have turned into ghost towns. Airlines are flying "ghost flights" transporting empty seats, while would-be passengers stay at home to have a pint and wait for the whole thing to blow over. So much for next week's St. Patrick's Day parade, and pretty much: Nearly everything else. Countries across Asia set the stage for what is quickly turning into an era-defining world event, with hundreds of millions of people glued to their screens, eagerly following the news from the safety of their own homes as the virus rages on outside. Now, the Western world is following suit, shutting down anything that involves being face-to-face in large numbers — and that means, for the foreseeable future at least, people will have to entertain themselves at home streaming Netflix while shows, concerts, conventions, and sporting events are getting axed on a day-to-day basis. - The latest victim of the mass quarantine sweeping the world is Broadway. New York governor Andrew Cuomo announced Thursday that all gatherings of more than 500 people are banned. And that means as of 5pm Eastern time, Broadway will go dark. - The Met, the Metropolitan Opera and others will have to follow suit. - Berlin culture minister Klaus Lederer also announced that public libraries and all theatre, concert and opera halls will be closed until mid-April. - Pearl Jam and Avril Lavigne, and Miley Cyrus postponed their upcoming tours. - Professional sports have also taken a major hit. The NBA season is officially suspended. The NHL followed suit today. NASCAR? Cancelled. European soccer leagues? Cancelled. - Major music and arts festivals have been postponed as well. Coachella was pushed back to October from April. Stagecoach, a major country music festival was also moved to October. South by South West was also cancelled last week by City of Austin officials. - Trade events are being hit, too. The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3), the largest video game trade event in the industry, was cancelled on Wednesday. TED 2020 was also pushed back to July. Even the 2020 presidential election has taken a major hit with both presidential hopefuls Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden cancelling events. READ MORE: New York Will Restrict Most Gatherings of More Than 500 People[The New York Times] More on the pandemic: Trump Addresses U.S. on Coronavirus Europe Restrictions and Stimulus Share This Article 
If you’re looking for a pair of shoes that look amazing, can take a serious beating, and still provide your feet with state-of-the-art support and protection, you need to take a look at Indestructible Shoes. We’ve talked a lot about this brand before, but for those who aren’t familiar with it, Indestructible Shoes is a company that uses high-tech materials which are ultra-strong and ultra-lightweight to make comfortable sneakers that protect your feet like a heavy duty work boot. And when we say they protect your feet like a work boot, we’re not exaggerating. Every pair of Indestructible Shoes has steel toes, skid-proof grips, shock-absorption technology, anti-puncture heels, and electric shock insulation, among other features. Why would you want sneakers that protect your feet like a work boot? There are actually more answers to that question than you might expect. The most obvious Indestructible Shoes customers are people who work in construction and the trades. If that’s you, you already know the value of being able to trade heavy, unfashionable work boots for light stylish sneakers without sacrificing safety. In fact, if you work in construction or the trades, you’ve probably already skipped to the bottom of this page to find the link so you can buy a pair of Indestructible Shoes. But construction workers aren’t the only people these shoes are designed for. Indestructible Shoes are also ideal for people who work in the healthcare industry and spend a lot of time around gurneys, hospital beds, wheel chairs, and other heavy medical equipment with wheels. They’re ideal for anybody in security or law enforcement who needs shoes that offer protection and mobility. They’re ideal for people in the food service industry who need shoes with exceptional grip that can protect their feet from carts and heavy kitchenware. They’re ideal for anybody who does any kind of weight training at the gym and doesn’t want to get their toes crushed by dumbbells or plates. They’re ideal for people who spend a lot of time outdoors on rugged terrain. And they’re perfect for amateur contractors who spend their weekends doing odd jobs around the house and yard. Of course, the fundamental concept behind Indestructible Shoes would not work if the shoes didn’t look good. However, when it comes to fashion, Indestructible Shoes’ designers keep hitting out of the park again, and again, and again. And they’re latest shoe, the Galaxy, is no exception. The all-new Galaxy is one of the most well-rounded and versatile shoes Indestructible Shoes has created, featuring a classic sneaker design, amazing safety features, and incredible comfort that will keep your feet and legs comfy and safe no matter what. The upper is constructed from an ultra durable but still incredibly breathable knit material called “flymesh,” which wicks moisture to keep your feet feeling fresh all day long, no matter the activity. It also features an extra tall lace cage for maximum stability. The soles are springy and flexible, with a specially designed no-slip grip for maximum stability. They have extra cushioning and Indestructible Shoes’ most advanced 3D arch support. Underneath the Galaxy’s stylish exterior are European steel toes and a puncture-resistant sole to protect your feet from all manner of injuries. But despite all that protection, these shoes are still incredibly light, with each shoe weighing in at less than a pound. So if you’re looking for a shoe that you can wear from the job sight, to the gym, to the bar, and everywhere in between, the Galaxy is it. The Galaxy comes in two different colors. While nobody would describe the Galaxy Grey as a particularly bold combination, the contrast between the white sole and grey upper does make the shoes more conspicuous than some jobs might allow. For that reason, the Galaxy also comes in a sharp all-black design. Whichever color combination you prefer, right now you can get both the Galaxy Grey and the Galaxy Black for an amazing 44-percent off the regular price. So, if you’re on the market for a stylish pair of sneakers that can stand up to anything you throw at them, you need to take a look at the all-new Galaxy. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you’re looking to step up your online privacy, the first thing you need to do is get a VPN. And it just so happens that, for a limited time, you can get an amazing deal on NordVPN, one of the highest rated VPN services on the planet. For those who might not be familiar, VPN is an acronym that stands for virtual private network. When you subscribe to one, it prevents people from stealing your sensitive personal information or tracing your online activity back to you. But how does it work? Normally when you want to access the web, you start by connecting to a server at your Internet service provider, or ISP. That server then redirects you to your destination on the internet. However, because all your traffic goes through the ISP’s server, they keep logs of all your online activity. These logs can be handed over to government agencies, stolen by hackers, or even sold to data brokerage firms, who in turn sell them to marketing agencies that bombard you with ads, emails, and phone calls. When you have a VPN service, all your traffic still gets routed through your ISP. However, before it leaves your computer, phone, or tablet, all of your data gets encrypted, which means your ISP has no idea what you’re doing on the internet. After that, instead of going straight from your ISP’s servers to your final destination on the internet, you get routed through the VPN’s servers, which can be located anywhere in the world. From there, it goes to its final destination. By encrypting all incoming and outgoing data, VPNs give you security. And by routing you through their servers, VPNs hide your IP address, protecting your location and identity. That means you do online shopping from an unsecured public WIFI hotspot without a hacker stealing your credit card number. It means you can go to China and still access all your social media accounts. It means read, stream, or torrent whatever you want and it's extremely difficult to trace it back to you. When shopping around for a VPN service, there are a few things you need to look for. You need a service that uses the latest, most advanced encryption protocols. You need a service that won’t slow down your connection by bouncing you around between overworked servers. And you need a service that does not keep any logs of your activity. NordVPN ticks all those boxes and then some. They use military grade AES-256 bit encryption to protect your data. They use OpenVPN and IKEv2/IPSec, the two most secure VPN protocols. They offer DNS leak protection and an internet kill switch. They have over 5,000 servers in over 60 countries, which produce some of the fastest connection speeds in the world. And most importantly, because NordVPN is headquartered in Panama, they are not required by law to log users’ activity. That means they never track, collect, or share your data, giving you complete privacy. On top of all that, NordVPN lets you secure up to six devices with a single subscription, including phones, tablets, laptops, and even routers. They also support all major platforms and operating systems, which means you’ll always be fully protected wherever you are. The standard monthly rate for NordVPN is $11.95, which is a decent price comparable to other top VPN services. However, the NordVPN 3-Year Plan offers a much better value. At just $3.49 per month, it saves you over $300 over the course of your subscription. As if that weren’t good enough, right now NordVPN is celebrating their birthday by giving special gifts to new customers. Anyone who subscribes to a 3-Year Plan will be given either a 1-Month, 1-Year, 2-Year, of 3-Year plan on top of the 3-Year Plan they’ve already bought. That means, in theory, you could get six years of NordVPN for as little as $1.74 a month. Not sure you’re ready to commit? Well, you don’t have to. The NordVPN 3-Year Plan comes with a 30-day money back guarantee. If you’re not happy after a couple of weeks, just cancel and get a full refund. So if you’re looking for a VPN, this is a deal you don’t want to pass up. Take 60 seconds, sign up, and get your free gift. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Where did the Moon come from and how was it formed? It's a question that scientists have been scratching their heads over for decades. According to the widely-accepted "giant-impact hypothesis," the Moon was formed billions of years ago when a Mars-sized planet called Theia collided with the Earth, breaking off a large chunk in the process. Now, researchers from the University of New Mexico say in a new paper published in Nature Geoscience that they believe they've found the remains of Theia buried beneath the lunar surface. The big drawback to the impact hypothesis — as discussed at length by numerous scientists over many years — is the fact that even though oxygen isotopes in lunar rocks collected during NASA's Apollo missions closely resemble those found on Earth, they're strikingly different from those found on other objects in our Solar System, as explained by Science Alert. So how could the Moon be largely made up of the remains of Theia, as many models have predicted? Despite very small odds, Earth and Theia may have originally had similar compositions, but then been mixed up beyond recognition. In their research, the New Mexico scientists examined oxygen isotopes in a range of different lunar rock types, collected from a variety of altitudes. They found that the deeper the origin of the rock, the heavier the oxygen isotopes, when compared to the ones found on Earth. "Clearly, Theia's distinct oxygen isotope composition was not completely lost through homogenisation during the giant impact," the researchers wrote in their paper. That means the oxygen isotopes didn't fully mix during the Theia-Earth impact, leading to their conclusion that Theia could've still originated from outside of the Solar System before impacting with Earth. "This data suggests that the deep lunar mantle may have experienced the least mixing and is most representative of the impactor Theia," said research scientist and co-author Zach Sharp in a statement. READ MORE: We May Have Finally Found a Chunk of Theia Buried Deep Inside The Moon [Science Alert] More on the Moon: DARPA’s Working on a Nuclear-Powered Rocket for Easy Moon Access Share This Article 
Everybody wants a clean house that is free of dirt, grime, and germs. Unfortunately, the vast majority of conventional household cleaning products contain excessively noxious chemicals and are packaged in single use plastic bottles. That means they are terrible for not just for our health, but for the environment, as well. However, there are a few companies out there working hard to change all that. And one of them is Cleancult. For those who might not have been paying attention, more and more studies are finding links between conventional household cleaning products and a number of pretty serious health problems, the most recent example being childhood asthma. Many of these products contain chemicals like ammonia and bleach that are major skin and respiratory irritants. Others contain volatile organic compounds, or VOCs, which are gases that pollute the air and have been linked to a number of health problems, including cancer. But of course, you don’t need a degree in chemistry or health sciences to understand that exposure to these products isn’t good for you. All you have to do is use them, and you’ll experience firsthand the effects that these fumes have on your head, nose, and throat. It isn’t pleasant. Conventional household cleaning products aren’t just causing health problems for humans, either. They are also wreaking havoc on the environment in a number of ways. Products that contain chemicals like nitrogen, phosphorus, and ammonia are especially problematic because they promote the growth of algae, bacteria, and other tiny organisms. When water treatment facilities cannot completely remove these VOCs, they wind up in rivers, lakes, and oceans, setting off a chain reaction that can destroy entire ecosystems and pollute our water supply. Then there’s the plastic. The stats are simply mind numbing. It’s been estimated that human beings produce 20,000 plastic bottles every second of every day. Do the math, and that’s 1.2 million plastic bottles per minute, or 630 billion plastic bottles per year. Good thing there’s recycling, right? Nope. Only a small fraction of single-use plastic products get recycled. According to the EPA, only 9.1 percent of the plastic material that found its way into the solid waste stream was recycled in 2015, while 75.4% was sent to landfills. And, of course, let’s not forget about the oceans. Environmental advocates estimate that 6.4 million tons of plastic gets dumped into the world’s oceans every year, killing about 1.2 million mammals, turtles, and seabirds. So if you’re ready to stop exposing your family to harmful toxins and reduce the amount of plastics and toxins you’re pumping into the environment, it’s time you took a look at Cleancult. Cleancult is a company that makes green cleaning products that are natural, coconut-based. They also use an innovative refill model that eliminates single-use plastics. How does Cleancult work? It’s simple. Your first order comes in a refillable glass bottle. After that you order refills that are delivered in 100-percent recyclable paper-based milk cartons. With some companies, you might worry about the negative environmental impact of having green cleaning products shipped directly to your house. But with Clearcut, you can put your mind at ease. They use sustainable shipping practices which have enabled them to remain completely carbon-neutral from day one. Cleancult makes a variety of different household cleaning products, including an all-purpose cleaner, dish soap, hand soap, a soap bar, laundry detergent, and dishwasher detergent. Each product contains a unique blend of all-natural, biodegradable ingredients. However, all of them are coconut-based. Coconut oil is very effective at dissolving dirt and has natural antiviral, anti-fungal, and antibacterial properties. It also produces a smooth sudsy lather that moisturizes the skin. Ready to give Cleancult a try? Right now you can get an amazing deal of their Starter Kit Bundles. The Cleancult Off-White Starter Kit Bundle comes with 16 ounces of orange zest all-purpose cleaner, 14 ounces of lemongrass liquid dish soap, 12 ounces of lavender liquid hand soap, three wool dryer balls, one natural bar soap, and a silicone refill funnel. The three liquid cleaners come pre-loaded in elegant glass bottles that are shatter resistant, dishwasher safe, and have a textured no-slip grip. If beige isn’t your thing, take a look at the Cleancult Mosaic Start Kit Bundle. It gives you all the same products you'll find with the Off-White Starter Kit Bundle, but the refillable glass bottles are a bit more colorful. If fact, these refillable containers look so good, you might not want to hide your household cleaning products under the sink. Right now, both of these Clearcut Starter Kit Bundles are 20% off the regular price. And to make the deal even sweeter, they come with free shipping. So if you’re looking for a way to cut harmful cleaning products out of your life and reduce your carbon footprint, don’t pass up this deal on Clearcut Starter Kit Bundles. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of astronomers have discovered a strange star that oscillates in a rhythmic pattern — but only on one side, causing gravitational forces to distort it into a teardrop shape. "We’ve known theoretically that stars like this should exist since the 1980s," said professor Don Kurtz from the University of Central Lancashire and co-author of the paper published in Nature Astronomy on Monday, in a statement. "I’ve been looking for a star like this for nearly 40 years and now we have finally found one." The star, known as HD74423, is about 1.7 times the mass of the Sun and was spotted around 1,500 light years from Earth — still within the confines of the Milky Way — using public data from NASA's planet-hunting TESS satellite. “What first caught my attention was the fact it was a chemically peculiar star," said co-author Simon Murphy from the Sydney Institute for Astronomy at the University of Sydney in the statement. "Stars like this are usually fairly rich with metals – but this is metal poor, making it a rare type of hot star." Stars have been found to oscillate at different rhythms and to different degrees — including our own Sun. Astronomers suspect they're caused by convection and magnetic field forces inside the star. While the exact causes of these pulsations vary, these oscillations have usually been observed on all sides of the star. HD74423, however, was found to pulsate on only one side because of its red dwarf companion with which it makes up a binary star system. They were found to do such a close dance — an orbital period of just two days — that the larger star is being distorted into a teardrop shape. The astronomers suspect it won't be the last of its kind to be discovered. "We expect to find many more hidden in the TESS data," said co-author Saul Rappaport, a professor at MIT. READ MORE:  Astronomers Have Found a Peculiar New Type of Star That Only Pulses on One Side [Science Alert] More on strange space stuff: New Theory Could Explain Exoplanets With “Density of Cotton Candy” Share This Article 
A recent speech delivered by Microsoft president Brad Smith at the RSA conference in San Francisco marks a historic first—a call for a "Digital Geneva Convention." “We suddenly find ourselves living in a world where nothing seems off limits to nation-state attacks,” Smith said at the conference, citing famous cyber attacks such as the Sony Pictures Entertainment hacking in 2014, intellectual property theft by China in 2015, and the more recent allegations regarding Russia’s involvement in the 2016 US presidential election. Back in 1949, 196 countries signed the Fourth Geneva Convention in an attempt to protect civilians in war zones. Smith is calling for a similar international treaty that prevents private citizens from being dragged into nation-state cyberattacks. According to Smith: Just as the Fourth Geneva Convention has long protected civilians in times of war, we now need a Digital Geneva Convention that will commit governments to protecting civilians from nation-state attacks in times of peace. [...] The tech sector plays a unique role as the internet’s first responders, and we therefore should commit ourselves to collective action that will make the internet a safer place, affirming a role as a neutral Digital Switzerland that assists customers everywhere and retains the world’s trust. In stating this, Smith asserts that Microsoft is ensuring better cybersecurity, not just for governments but for everyone, that will ultimately lend itself to a safer and better world. Share This Article 
Researchers at the International Centre for Radio Astronomy Research have discovered the largest explosion ever observed in the universe since the Big Bang. The explosion emanated from a supermassive black hole at the center of the Ophiuchus galaxy cluster some 390 million light-years from Earth. "We've seen outbursts in the centres of galaxies before but this one is really, really massive," Melanie Johnston-Hollitt, professor at the Curtin University node of the International Centre for Radio Astronomy Research and co-author of the paper uploaded to preprint archive arXiv earlier this month, said in a statement. "And we don't know why it's so big." To make the discovery, the researchers used four telescopes across the globe, including NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory and the European Space Agency's XMM-Newton X-ray space observatory. It was such a violent explosion that it literally cut a hole in the cluster plasma, the hot gas that surrounds black holes, as spotted through X-ray telescope observations of the cluster. Simona Giacintucci, from the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington DC and lead author, compared the blast to the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens — one of the most violent volcanic eruptions in US history. "The difference is that you could fit 15 Milky Way galaxies in a row into the crater this eruption punched into the cluster's hot gas," Giacintucci said in the statement. The blast was not only gigantic, but also extremely slow. "It happened very slowly — like an explosion in slow motion that took place over hundreds of millions of years," Johnston-Hollitt explained. Scientists at NASA were able to confirm the unprecedented blast. "The radio data fit inside the X-rays like a hand in a glove," co-author Maxim Markevitch from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center said in the statement. "This is the clincher that tells us an eruption of unprecedented size occurred here." The discovery could open doors for further discoveries like it. "It's a bit like archaeology," Johnston-Hollitt said. "We've been given the tools to dig deeper with low frequency radio telescopes so we should be able to find more outbursts like this now." The team is now looking to make further observations with twice the number of antennas, increasing sensitivity tenfold, according to Johnston-Hollitt. READ MORE: Astronomers detect biggest explosion in the history of the Universe [International Centre for Radio Astronomy Research] More on space explosions: Scientists Detect Huge Thermonuclear Blast in Deep Space Share This Article 
Watching hours upon hours of television is now more socially acceptable than ever before. But that doesn’t mean the shows you watch have to be brain-dead reality trash or lurid true crime horror. There’s a streaming service out there that’s specifically devoted to the best in educational programming, in the vein of classic Discovery Channel and TLC (before the dark times... before Honey Boo Boo). It’s called Curiosity Stream, and you can get a whole year of it for just $19.99. The reason Curiosity Stream might remind you of old-school Discovery Channel is because it’s the product of John Hendricks, who was the founder and (until 2014) chairman of Discovery Communications. That's the parent company of Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, Animal Planet, and more. And Curiosity Stream is a streaming service that operates along the same lines as those channels once did, with smart, entertaining, and educational programming like The Secrets of Quantum Physics, The Rise and Fall of T-Rex, Stephen Hawking’s Favorite Places, and many more. How many more? Curiosity Stream boasts 2,400 programs and counting, with more being added all the time in a variety of subjects, including science, nature, history, technology, society, and myriad other educational topics.  All this programming costs as little as $19.99 a year or $2.99 a month, and it’s all available in crystal clear high definition. But if you’re a true videophile with a 4K setup, you can opt for the ultra-HD streaming plan, which itself costs $9.99 per month or $69.99 for a whole year -- still a bargain compared to most online streaming services. Another place where Curiosity Stream edges out the competition is in its complete lack of regional restrictions of any kind, so you can watch it wherever you are on Earth, and with offline viewing on phones and tablet devices, you can even access Curiosity Stream’s programming if you travel outside the boundaries of an Internet connection. Curiosity Stream is also available on a wide range of devices, including Apple and Android tablets, LG, Sony, Vizio, and Samsung smart TVs, streaming devices like Apple TV, Roku TV, Amazon Fire TV, and Chromecast, and the Xbox One. It turns out that there are a lot of people out there who are craving more educational and substantive entertainment. Earlier this year, Curiosity Stream passed the 13-million subscriber benchmark. So if you want a sporting chance of keeping up with your friends and coworkers in intellectual conversation, you better do yourself a favor and sign up now. Head over to the official Curiosity Stream site here to get more information and sign up for an annual or monthly subscription. You can cancel at any time, but with more and more great educational documentary series and films being added on a regular basis, you probably won’t want to. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Environmental group Earth Island Institute filed a lawsuit in California last week against Coke, Pepsi, Nestlé, and a number of other plastic polluters for knowingly misleading the public about how much of their produced plastic is being recycled (and landing in the ocean instead), VICE reports. "These companies should bear the responsibility for choking our ecosystem with plastic,” said David Phillips, executive director of Earth Island Institute, in a statement sent to The Guardian. "They know very well that this stuff is not being recycled, even though they are telling people on the labels that it is recyclable and making people feel like it’s being taken care of." “At this rate, plastic is set to outweigh fish in the ocean by 2050,” the complaint reads, as quoted by VICE. The complaint also alleges that the ten companies named in the suit are guilty of engaging in a "decades-long campaign to deflect blame for the plastic pollution crisis to consumers." "This is the first suit of its kind," Phillips said in a statement. "These companies are going to have to reveal how much they’ve known about how little of this stuff is being recycled." According to 2017 numbers, the US only recycled roughly nine percent of all produced plastic with the rest ending up in incinerators (about 12 percent), or the landfill. And that was before China, formerly America's largest importer of recycling materials, banned most types of plastic imports in 2018. The ban is causing recycling programs across the globe to stall — and landfills to pile up. Beverage companies shot back saying that they were already working on a solution, of course: "America’s beverage companies are already taking action to address the issue by reducing our use of new plastic, investing to increase the collection of our bottles [...], and collaborating with legislators and third-party experts to achieve meaningful policy resolutions," read a statement by an American Beverage Association spokesman, as quoted by Bloomberg. READ MORE: Coke and Pepsi sued for creating a plastic pollution ‘nuisance’ [The Guardian] More on plastic: China Announces Plan to Ban Single-Use Plastics Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. If you feel like just about everybody is taking CBD, you’re actually not that far off. According to a recent Gallup survey, one in seven Americans over the age of 18 uses CBD on a regular basis for natural, gentle relief from things like stress, anxiety, pain, arthritis, and insomnia. Unfortunately, finding high quality CBD products is more difficult than you would think. With industry analysts projecting as much $20 billion in CBD sales by 2024, and with very little regulation from the FDA, a lot of supplement and nutrition companies have rushed insufficiently researched and poorly engineered CBD products to market in an effort to cash in on the hype. But if you want to get the most bang for your buck, you need a brand that is committed to quality and transparency. And when it comes to those two things, nobody beats Mellowment. What’s so great about Mellowment? To answer that question, we first have to look at what’s wrong with other CBD products. The most common problem inferior CBD products have is poor bioavailability. Bioavailability is the proportion of a drug or other chemical substance that actually enters systemic circulation, and is thus able to produce an effect. Unfortunately, because cannabidiol is an oil, it does not dissolve in water, which makes it difficult for your body to absorb. Unless you figure out a way to change that, most of the CBD will just pass through your system, in which case you are literally just flushing your money down the toilet. Another less common but even more problematic issue with inferior CBD products is THC contamination. Cannabidiol is an oil found in hemp plants. In order to isolate CBD specifically, it must be carefully extracted using specific solvents at precise temperatures. When done correctly, the extraction process results in pure CBD. When done incorrectly, the extraction process can result in CBD that’s tainted with THC. This leaves you susceptible to impairment and failed drug tests. What sets Mellowment apart from the competition is that all of their products are meticulously engineered to solve the bioavailability and THC contamination problems. Mellowment uses only industrial grade Colorado-grown hemp that undergoes an advanced chromatography process that removes all THC. After that, their cannabidiol extracts go through a sophisticated nano-emulsification process that suspends the active ingredients in microscopic droplets of oil that can easily permeate cell walls. This more than doubles the bioavailability of regular hemp oils. It also decreases the amount of time it takes for the ingredients to take effect. The end result is the most effective, fastest-acting broad spectrum phytocannabinoid-rich (PCR) hemp extract on the market. Mellowment’s advanced CBD comes in a variety of formulations designed to meet a variety of different needs. Their flagship product, if you want to call it that, is the Everyday High Impact Softgels. This is Mellowment’s most concentrated general purpose CBD product. It was designed for maximum comprehensive comfort. Each softgel contains a powerful 25mg dose of Mellowment’s advanced PCR nanoemulsion. Intended to be taken as needed, most customers take one to four per day. Each bottle contains 30 softgels. Monthly subscribers save $15 per bottle. Everyday High Impact Softgels are suitable for a wide range of applications. However, if you’re specifically looking for a product to help fight insomnia, you might want to try Mellowment’s Gravity PM Softgels. What makes the Gravity PM Softgels different from the High Impact Softgels is that in addition to a powerful 25mg dose of Mellowment’s advance nano-emulsified CBD, each softgel capsule contains a 1mg dose of melatonin and chamomile. Melatonin is a hormone produced by the pineal gland that regulates the body’s sleep/wake cycle, while chamomile is an herb that people take to relieve anxiety. People have been taking these compounds for centuries to tell their brain that it’s time to power down for the night. Each bottle contains 30 softgels. Monthly subscribers save $15 per bottle. So if you’re one of the 35-million Americans who take CBD on a regular basis, stop wasting your money on inferior products. Give Mellowment a try, and experience the full effects of CBD. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
Astronomers have known for years that the edges of the Milky Way warp, ripple and wobble like a bowl of Jello — but nobody knew why. But according to a new study using data collected by the European space agency's star-mapping satellite Gaia, the Milky Way's disc, made up of hundreds of billions of stars, is being warped as it's slowly colliding with a smaller neighboring galaxy. To get to this conclusion, a team of physicists at the Italian National Institute for Astrophysicists in Turin analyzed the way 12 million giant stars move in our Milky Way, as observed by ESA's Gaia space telescope. Their research, as detailed in a paper published on Monday in the journal Nature Astronomy, suggests that the unique way the edges of our galaxy are being warped is being caused by "a recent or ongoing encounter with a satellite galaxy." "We measured the speed of the warp by comparing the data with our models," lead author Eloisa Poggio of the Turin Astrophysical Observatory, said in a statement. "Based on the obtained velocity, the warp would complete one rotation around the centre of the Milky Way in 600 to 700 million years." That's substantially slower than how long stars, including the Sun, take to make it all the way around the center of the Milky Way. Previous theories have attempted to explain the warp by suggesting that the inner disk of the galaxy is spinning like an inclined spinning top, leaving ripples. This slow rotational speed, however, would refute them, according to the researchers. So which galaxy is actually slowly squashing itself into ours? The astronomers suggest it could be Sagittarius, a dwarf galaxy that orbits the Milky Way, as there's plenty of evidence it's already slowly being absorbed by the Milky Way. READ MORE: Our Galaxy Is Mysteriously Distorting and Nobody Knows Why [VICE] More on the galaxy: Intense Stellar Activity Is Ripping Apart a Nearby Galaxy Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. It might not be one of the day’s top stories, but there seems to be a growing consensus that spam calls, junk texts, and unwanted voicemail messages from robo dialers are on the rise. If you have a cell phone, you know about the minor yet cumulatively infuriating annoyance of telemarketers and less legitimate scammers blowing it up, and it can seem like no matter how many numbers you block, and how many lists you ask to be removed from, they never even slow down. Good news, though: there’s a service that can secure your phone number once and for all. It’s called Uncall, and you can get started right now for free. By heading over to Uncall’s official site now, you can give your phone number a free “rough analysis” that will let you know how many telemarketing and “dark web” registries your phone number is on. Then, you pay a one-time fee of $15 per device (or $10 if you’re securing five or more numbers), and Uncall does its work to secure your number and get marketers and spammers to leave you alone. There are basically two ways that Uncall accomplishes this seemingly impossible feat. The first is known as “civil leadsheet unlisting,” which is a technical term for calling up telemarketers and asking them to remove your number. If you tried to do this yourself, it would be extremely time consuming, and there’s no guarantee your number would even be removed. But Uncall uses its proven contacts to either mark your number as a “bad conversion” (a number not worth the telemarketers’ time to call) or removing them from the lists in question entirely. The second is “darkweb registry removal,” which is essentially the same thing, but on the less reputable corners of the internet where scammers tend to get phone numbers. Uncall has proven ways to remove your phone number from these lists so you get no more calls, texts, or messages from these annoying scammers. Uncall is available for phone numbers pretty much anywhere in the world, including the United States and United Kingdom, as well as Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy, Portugal, and points beyond. And it costs as little as $10 per number. To be totally clear, that’s not a monthly or even annual fee, but a flat, one-time price that gives you lifetime support and monthly check-ups on your number. So if you’re tired of being bothered by scammers, spammers, and other assorted telephonic pests, make sure your number is only in the hands of those people and entities you gave it to by heading over to Uncall to get started with a free rough analysis of your phone number. Share This Article 
While IBM and Google are fighting over who has the best and fastest quantum computer, Player 3 has officially entered the game: Tech conglomerate Honeywell, the company that probably made your thermostat. "It’s almost time," the company boasted in a statement. "By the middle of 2020, we’re releasing the most powerful quantum computer yet." The news comes after Google claimed to have achieved "quantum supremacy" in October. In other words, a quantum computer outpaced a traditional computer solving the same problem — a claim that rival IBM immediately refuted. The team at Google AI explained at the time that the task their quantum computer solved would have taken the most powerful supercomputer in the world 10,000 years. But move aside Google, for we have a new competitor in our midst. Honeywell claims their new quantum computer is twice as powerful as the next best quantum computer in the industry with a "quantum volume" of upwards of 64 — a somewhat vacuous claim considering there aren't any universally accepted standards for the power of a quantum system. Honeywell claims its new "quantum charge coupled device architecture" makes up for a sacrifice in number-crunching power with a big boost in stability. Rather than relying on faster superconducting chips like IBM and Google's quantum computers, Honeywell's new computer uses "ion traps," technology that allows individual ions to be held in place using electromagnetic fields and moved around using laser pulses. According to Honeywell's (not-yet-peer-reviewed) white paper, these ion traps could result in a far more scaleable quantum computer design. They could also allow for more controlled parallel operations to take place and could give researchers a way to pause and redirect computations at will, as MIT Technology Review explains. While a functional, commercial-grade quantum computer doesn't actually exist yet, quantum computers theoretically hold the potential to revolutionize computing by being able to solve a massive number of problems simultaneously by using qubits instead of bits. In a traditional computer, bits represent either zero or one — qubits on the other hand behave in a far more unpredictable way and have the unique ability to represent both zero and one at the same time — behavior that isn't entirely understood yet. Honeywell has made a pretty big claim  today — and has yet to show any proof. But if the technology is sound, the process of building quantum computers could become just that much easier. Then we'll just have to figure out what exactly they could be used for in the future. READ MORE: Honeywell to Roll Out Quantum Computer [The Wall Street Journal] More on quantum computers: Here’s Why Quantum Supremacy Matters Share This Article 
A team of physicists has a plan to build a functional wormhole that could work like a bridge across two points in space. And all it'll take are... two quantum entangled black holes. Conventional wisdom tells us that nothing ever escapes from a black hole's immense gravitational pull. But according to theoretical research from a few years back, two fully-entangled black holes should be able to transmit quantum information between them — rather than destroying it — after it passes one's event horizon, Quanta Magazine reports. In that sense, the black holes would recreate a phenomenon called quantum teleportation, which engineers exploit when they build quantum computers. The physics of quantum teleportation gets impossibly dense, but it basically involves transmitting encrypted information from one machine to another. Creating and linking actual black holes in a lab is a touch beyond modern scientific capabilities, but now University of Maryland researchers Christopher Monroe and Brian Swingle told Quanta they think they can build quantum circuitry that would behave how entangled black holes would. Most baffling is that, according to earlier models, the circuitry would behave exactly how a teeny-tiny black hole might, Quanta reports. That is to say that the resulting system isn't just attempting to recreate a black hole's activity — it would be indistinguishable from the real thing. If it works, they would be able to input quantum information into one "black hole" circuit, which would scramble, then consume it. After a little while, that information would pop out of the second circuit, already unscrambled and decrypted. That sets it apart from existing quantum teleportation techniques, Quanta reports, as transmitted information emerges still fully scrambled and then needs to be decrypted, making the process take longer and be less accurate as an error-prone quantum computer tries to recreate the original message. While the idea of entangled black holes and wormholes conjures sci-fi notions of intrepid explorers warping throughout the cosmos, that's not quite what's happening here. Rather, it's an evocative way to improve quantum computing technology. Recreating and entangling the bizarre properties of black holes, University of California, Berkely researcher Norman Yao told Quanta, would "allow teleportation on the fastest possible timescale." READ MORE: Wormholes Reveal a Way to Manipulate Black Hole Information in the Lab [Quanta Magazine] More on quantum entanglement: Scientists Capture First-Ever Image of Quantum Entanglement Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. More and more people are turning to nootropics, or smart drugs, in an effort to improve cognitive function. And there’s certainly no shortage of products to choose from. But what you need to understand as a consumer is that most nootropics are just combinations of stimulants and depressants, with the latter intended to mitigate negative side effects of the former. That’s not necessarily a bad thing. These simple nootropics will certainly give you more balanced energy than you'd get from gulping a venti from Starbucks. However, there are also more advanced nootropics that can do way more than stimulate your brain. And one of the best of the best is Brain Food from TruBrain. Like a lot of other nootropic supplements, Brain Food contains the so-called “everyman stack” of caffeine and l-theanine. Humans have been taking this stimulant-depressant combo for thousands of years in the form of green tea. Caffeine, of course, is a central nervous system stimulant that increases alertness and energy by blocking the neurological receptors for drowsiness. L-theanine, meanwhile, is an amino acid that produces a sense of calm and relaxation and is especially effective in soothing nervousness and jitters that come with caffeine. Numerous studies have shown rather conclusively that, taken together, caffeine and l-theanine can improve mental performance, alertness, and mood. However, TruBrain’s Brain Food doesn’t stop there. It takes things one step further by actively creating the biological conditions necessary for peak mental performance. How? Okay, let’s get sciency. In addition to caffeine and l-theanine to promote alertness and focus, Brain Food also contains noopept, a synthetic nootropic molecule that does two key things. First, it increases blood flow to the brain, thereby enhancing neuroplasticity, which is a brain cell’s ability to build new neural connections. And more neural connections means higher brain function. Second, noopept makes acetylcholine receptors in the brain more receptive to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, which thus allows for faster and more efficient communication between neurons. Got all that? Good. Because there’s more. Brain Food also contains the raw nutrients that your brain’s attention system burns for fuel. Hence the name, Brain Food. These raw nutrients include magnesium, a key mineral that an estimated 90 percent is deficient in; tyrosine, an amino acid that plays a vital role in communication between brain cells; carnitine, which helps neurons break down glucose and fatty acids for fuel; and citicoline, which is a precursor to the aforementioned neurotransmitter acetylcholine. You might think this is all theory, but it’s not. Brain Food has been shown by third party clinical trials and EEG brainwave analysis to boost high alpha brain waves, which are indicators of an increased ability to focus, enhanced verbal fluency, as well as improved memory and learning. TruBrain's Brain Food comes in 1oz liquid shots with a refreshing tropical taste. These shots are available in quantities of 20, 30, and 60. Discounts of 10, 20, and 30 percent are available when you subscribe and pre-pay for three, six, and 12 months respectively. New subscribers also get an additional 10-percent off their first order. If you’re looking for something that can help you focus, think, remember, and create better, don’t just pump your brain full of stimulants. Get TruBrain and give your brain the high-octane fuel it needs to function at its best. Share This Article 
In just over a month, the YouTubers behind the account "The Hacksmith" have built a half-scale Cybertruck so powerful that it can win against a full-sized Ford F-150 pickup truck in a tug of war. In a video uploaded today, the team of crafty Canadian engineers showed off what their adorable take on Tesla's brutalist stainless steel monstrosity can do. It can Tokyo drift around corners in the snow, perform burnouts, and even hold your cup of Tim Horton's on your morning commute. In a series of escalating tug of wars, the Cybertruck is put through its paces, coming out successful against a range of smaller, but full-sized, vehicles. To compensate for the weight of the full-sized F-150 truck, the team added 1,000 lbs worth of concrete bricks plus a bunch of extra barbell weights. The comparatively gigantic truck can be seen burning its tires, with the mini Cybertruck holding steady before pulling the truck for several feet. However, in a preceding test without extra weights, the F-150 easily beat the scaled-down Cybertruck. In a previous video, the team of engineers claimed their mini Cybertruck has a whopping 50 percent more torque than a 5-liter F-150 pickup truck. Is it really a fair comparison? Not really, as many have pointed out after Tesla's November publicity stunt in which they set their own full-scale Cybertruck against the same vehicle garnered outrage. There are a lot of variables from differing tires to weight distribution greatly affecting the pound feet of torque generated by each wheel axis as YouTube channel "Engineering Explained" explored in its video. But does that make the video of a mini Cybertruck digging its adorable tires into the ground any less fun to watch? We don't think so. READ MORE: 1:2 Tesla Cybertruck VS Ford F-150 (TOW TEST!) [YouTube] More on the model: Watch This Adorable Mini Cybertruck Drift in the Snow Share This Article 
Researchers at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing have started analyzing data collected by the country's Yutu-2 Moon rover's ground-penetrating radar. The instrument peered 40 meters (131 feet) below the lunar surface — and found it was sitting on top of a mountain of fine dust. China's Chang'e 4 lander touched down on the far side of the Moon in January 2019, becoming the first man-made object to do so. Shortly after, it deployed the rover Yutu-2 from its belly. The rover has been exploring the South Pole-Aitken basin, the largest and oldest crater on the Moon, ever since. Using high-frequency radar to look beneath the surface, it found that it was sitting on top of 12 meters (39 feet) of fine Moon dust, as detailed in a paper published in the journal Science Advances on Wednesday. "That’s a lot of regolith," David Kring, senior scientist at the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston who was not involved in the research, told The New York Times. "That’s food for thought." The fine particles were likely the result of many small meteorite collisions and a ton of solar radiation, as New Scientist reports. Below the dust, between 12 and 24 meters (39 and 79 feet), the rover spotted larger rocks, likely what's left of larger asteroid and meteorite impacts. Further below that, the rover detected alternating layers of fine and coarser soil. Most noteworthy is the striking difference between the new readings and the ones taken at Chang'e 4's landing site, where measurements suggested it landed on top of a dense lava layer buried below the surface, the remains of a volcanic event. "The subsurface structure at the Chang’e 4 landing site is more complex, and suggests a totally different geological context,” Yan Su, co-author from the Chinese Academy of Sciences, told New Scientist. READ MORE: China’s rover has discovered what lies beneath the moon’s far side [New Scientist] More on the mission: China Claims Its Moon Rover Found a Colorful “Gel-Like” Substance Share This Article 
A team of astronomers from the University of Cambridge determined that an exoplanet called K2-18b is capable of holding liquid water at habitable conditions. The massive planet just 124 light-years away — still in our backyard on a cosmic level — is 2.6 times the radius of Earth and orbits its star within the "habitable zone" — the region in a star system where liquid water can exist. It was first spotted by NASA's planet-hunting Kepler space telescope in 2015. Last year, two different teams of astronomers independently concluded that there are significant amounts of water vapor in the planet's hydrogen-rich atmosphere. But they still didn't know if the conditions underneath all that hydrogen were right for life to exist. If there's too much hydrogen, temperature and pressure underneath would be way too high to support life. "Water vapor has been detected in the atmospheres of a number of exoplanets but, even if the planet is in the habitable zone, that doesn't necessarily mean there are habitable conditions on the surface," Nikku Madhusudhan from Cambridge's Institute of Astronomy, who led the new research, said in a statement. "To establish the prospects for habitability, it is important to obtain a unified understanding of the interior and atmospheric conditions on the planet — in particular, whether liquid water can exist beneath the atmosphere," he added. The team modeled different conditions using data about the interior of the planet to find out how thick the layer of the hydrogen gas could be while still being able to support life below. They found that if the hydrogen layer represented anywhere between one millionth of the planet by mass — similar to Earth's atmosphere — all the way up to six percent of the planet's mass, the planet's surface could still be habitable. "A number of scenarios allow for an ocean world, with liquid water below the atmosphere at pressures and temperatures similar to those found in Earth's oceans," reads the statement. READ MORE: Life Could Evolve on Tiny Planets With 3% of Earth’s Mass Share This Article 
Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Hangovers suck. This is not a controversial statement. You’re probably well aware of this fact, as well as the corollary that hangovers get worse as you get older. Unfortunately, when it comes to a hangover cure, hardly anyone actually knows what they are talking about. If you ask four different friends what they do to cure a hangover, you’re probably going to get four wildly different answers. One of them might say the best cure is a big greasy breakfast. Another will tell you to skip the food and wash down a couple of Advil with a pot of strong coffee. One will rave about “natural” herbs like milk thistle and chicory root. And another will tell you about some bizarre concoction that he heard about from some guy at work, who got it from his granddad, who got it from an old Navy buddy while serving in the south pacific during WW2. But luckily, thanks to Blowfish for Hangovers, we don’t have to rely on scientifically questionable advice from friends to cure hangovers anymore. Unlike a lot of other hangover cure products you might find at your local drugstore, Blowfish isn’t a gimmick. It is based on real science. In fact, it is the only hangover remedy with a formula that's officially recognized as effective by the Food and Drug Administration. So what’s in it? Each dose of Blowfish contains a maximum strength 1000mg dose of acetylsalicylic acid, better known as Aspirin, as well as 120mg of pharmaceutical caffeine, which is about the same amount in a small cup of coffee. That’s it. If that sounds simple, that’s because it is. But the secret to Blowfish’s efficacy is not the ingredients. It’s the delivery method. The active ingredients in Blowfish are delivered via two effervescent tablets which dissolve completely in water. Scientific studies show that effervescence dramatically enhances the rate at which medicinal substances are absorbed into the bloodstream. Thus, whereas a regular Aspirin tablet can take up to 40 minutes to take effect, Blowfish starts working in just 15 minutes. Here’s a more thorough look at the science behind Blowfish, broken down by symptom. Headaches Ever wonder why we get splitting headaches after a long night of drinking? Well, it turns out that, as the body metabolizes alcohol, it creates chemical byproducts that trigger inflammatory reactions. And these reactions cause excruciating headaches that are sometimes accompanied by acute light and sound sensitivity. Unfortunately, no matter what your favorite naturopathic blogger might tell you, there’s no vitamin, herb, or mineral you can take to “get rid of” these chemical byproducts, because chemistry is not magic. However, Aspirin is very effective at alleviating the inflammation that these chemical byproducts cause. And with Blowfish, the effervescent delivery method makes sure the Aspirin gets into systemic circulation as fast as possible. Irritability, Fatigue, and Impaired Cognitive Function Ever hear someone refer to alcohol as a depressant? Well, what that’s referring to is the effect alcohol has on neurotransmission. In your brain, alcohol suppresses the release of glutamate, an excitatory neurotransmitter that increases brain activity and energy levels. At the same time, alcohol also increases the effects of an inhibitory neurotransmitter called GABA, which reduces brain activity. Unfortunately, the neurological effects of alcohol don’t stop when you sober up. They can actually last well into the next day. And when combined with all the sleep you didn’t get when you were out partying, this can leave you feeling exhausted, irritable, and unable to focus. The good news is that caffeine is very effective at stimulating the central nervous system and giving the mental boost you need to get through the day. Unfortunately, the most popular source of caffeine—coffee—tends to aggravate another very common hangover symptom. Nausea While caffeine has been proven to alleviate hangover symptoms, coffee has been proven to increase stomach acidity. And that’s not good when you’ve got a tumultuous, hungover stomach. Blowfish solves this problem by giving you the caffeine you need and nothing else. Dehydration Last but not least, there’s dehydration. The reason we get dehydrated when we drink is that alcohol suppresses a hormone called Vasopressin, which results in frequent urination. Because it’s a refreshing lemony beverage, Blowfish helps give your body the water and hydration it desperately needs after a night of boozing. Blowfish is currently sold in a number of quantities, but right now the best deal is the Value Pack. It gives you 40 tablets (20 doses in 20 foil-wrapped pouches) for just $25. That works out to just $1.25 per hangover. All orders come with free shipping in the United States and a full money-back guarantee. So if you’re looking for a hangover remedy that really works, give Blowfish for Hangovers a try. You literally have nothing to lose except a splitting headache and regret. Share This Article 
For the first time, a commercial spacecraft has docked to an orbiting satellite. Northrop Grumman's "Mission Extension Vehicle-1" (MEV-1) docked with a Intelsat 901, a communication satellite that's been in orbit for 18 years.  The hope behind this exercise is to one day have specialized satellites regularly refueling older satellites while in orbit, thereby extending those older orbiters' life cycles. The helper satellite's could also assist the older ones in changing their orbital paths, if need be. And finally, these helper satellites could be part of a crucial task — an interstellar cleanup, assisting in cutting down on the amount of space junk already cluttering up Earth's orbit. "This is the first time in history a docking has been performed with a satellite that was not pre-designed with docking in mind," vice president at SpaceLogistics, a subsidiary of Northrop Grumman, Joe Anderson said during a conference today, as quoted by The New York Times. To complete the demonstration, Intelsat changed the orbit of its older satellite to match MEV-1. The older satellite has been running out of fuel (and has been out of commission) since December. MEV-1 is planning to extend the lifetime of the retired satellite by five years before pushing it to the "graveyard orbit" where satellites go to die once they've been decommissioned, as NYT reports. Spacecraft like MEV-1 won't be servicing just a single satellite. "When the customer no longer desires MEV’s service, the spacecraft will undock and move on to the next client satellite," reads the Northrop Grumman's website. With the likes of SpaceX launching constellations made up of tens of thousands of planned satellites, Earth's orbit is getting pretty cluttered. But orbital refueling stations like MEV-1 could reduce the need to send up even more satellites. Future iterations could even inspect and repair older satellites and even enhance their performance by attaching new parts, according to the company. READ MORE: A Meeting in Orbit Demonstrates a Space Junk Solution [The New York Times] More on satellites: Amazon Patented a System That Literally Whips Stuff Into Orbit Share This Article 
A lot of nutritional supplement companies market nootropics as miracle smart drugs, making all sorts of unfounded claims about what they can do. However, there are some companies that take things like “science” and “research” seriously. And one of them is the California-based Neurohacker Collective, whose Qualia Focus and Qualia Mind are two of the best researched, most effective nootropics supplements on the market. In case you haven’t heard, while studies show nootropics supplements can boost cognitive performance—particularly executive functions like focus, memory, willpower, and creativity—there’s nothing “miraculous” about them. The so-called “smart drugs” are simply amino acids, nutrients, minerals, and other compounds that the brain uses as fuel for cognition. We mostly get this fuel from our diet, and some, like caffeine or L-theanine, we get from things like coffee and tea every day. However, there are a lot of other nootropics that we never get because the modern Western diet has never incorporated them into our common diet culture: natural ingredients from plants, roots, seeds, and minerals like rhodiola, bacopa, and celastrus seed extract, just to name a few. So how do you get more of these brain-boosting substances into our bodies? With supplements, of course. The problem is making an effective nootropics supplement is not as easy as some companies would have you believe. You can’t just take a kitchen sink approach, throw a bunch of nootropics together, and call it a smart drug. Coming up with an effective nootropics supplement requires a deep understanding of neuroscience, and the complex interplay and synergy between specific ingredients at specific dosages. That’s what sets Neurohacker Collective apart from other companies. Neurohacker Collective’s team of scientists and medical professionals prides itself on its whole systems approach to science. That means they study the interrelation between all systems in the human body, and don’t just seek to spike activity in one system at the expense of another. For their Qualia nootropics supplements in particular, Neurohacker Collective has used pioneering whole system and complex systems modeling, together with thousands of hours of research in neurobiology and organic chemistry, to create products specifically designed to fuel neurotransmission, build neurons and synapses, and repair cell walls. The Qualia supplements come in two different strengths, but both will help you feel focused, clear-headed, and ready to take on any task. Qualia Focus is Neurohacker Collective’s introductory nootropic supplement. It’s a fast-acting blend of five nootropic compounds, seven neuro-vitamins, six adaptogen extracts, five amino acids, and one choline donor. These ingredients promote neuron and synapse development, neuroplasticity and neurogenesis, energy, healthy cell structure, and cerebral blood flow. And unlike some supplements, Qualia Focus will not leave you prone to jitters or sudden crashes. Qualia Mind seeks to achieve the same ends as Qualia Focus. It just turns the efforts up a notch, adding a few extra ingredients, increased dosages, and additional nutrient synergies. Qualia Mind features six nootropic compounds, seven neuro-vitamins, two antioxidants, six adaptogen extracts, five amino acids, and two choline donors. The key additions not found in Qualia Focus are PQQ, Phosphatidylserine, DHA, and CDP-Choline, which improve responsiveness to neurotransmitters and the formation of synaptic connections in the neurons used for memory. Thus, Qualia Mind nootropics supplement provides more robust support for attention and focus in stressful or demanding situations. How do you know which of these nootropics supplements is right for you? It really depends on your specific needs. Qualia Focus is less powerful, but more affordable. Qualia Mind has a bigger impact, but is also more expensive. Either way, you can rest assured you’re getting an excellent product. The best thing about Neurohacker Collective is their commitment to quality and transparency. Instead of keeping their nootropics formulations a secret, they offer comprehensive breakdowns of their formulas that discuss in great detail every single ingredient, as well as, what that ingredient does. You can read them for yourself here. Neurohacker Collective also wants to make sure you are satisfied with how their products are working. That’s why your first purchase comes with free before-and-after cognitive assessments from Cambridge Brain Sciences, whose assessments have been cited in over 300 academic publications. If you are not completely satisfied with your results, Neurohacker Collective offers a 100-day money back guarantee. Of course, it’s highly unlikely you will need that money back guarantee. According to a pilot study conducted by Cambridge Brain Sciences, Qualia Mind users experienced an 85.4 percent increase in their ability to concentrate and avoid distractions, a 37.7 percent increase in planning skills, a 16.9 percent increase in verbal reasoning, and a 13.3 percent increase in short-term memory. That’s pretty outstanding. So if you’re looking for a brain-boosting nootropics supplement, click here to read more about Qualia Focus and Qualia Mind. And when you decide to take the plunge, don’t forget to use coupon code FUTURISM at checkout to get an additional 15-percent off. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.  Share This Article 
More and more people are using nootropics to give themselves a mental boost, and it’s not hard to understand why. Studies have shown that nootropic supplements may enhance cognitive functions such as reasoning, memory, alertness, focus, willpower, creativity, flexibility, and verbal fluency. (Use promo code PRODANDNEURO at check out for 15% off any purchase or subscription.) But with so many different nootropics currently on the market, how do you know which type is right for you? The best solution is to find a company that is fully committed to science and transparency, so you always know exactly what you’re putting in your body and why. And when it comes to science and transparency, nobody beats Neurohacker Collective, the group behind Qualia Focus and Qualia Mind, two of the most advanced and comprehensive nootropics supplements in the world. Though some health and wellness companies market nootropics as “smart drugs,” they won’t actually make you smarter. A nootropic is really just any chemical compound that helps create the biological conditions necessary for optimal brain function. These include amino acids, vitamins, minerals, nutrients, and stimulants. Some of these compounds serve as fuel for cognition. Others modulate various processes involved in neurotransmission. We mostly get nootropics through our diet. But some, like caffeine or L-theanine, we get from things like coffee and tea. However, there are a lot of other nootropics that we never get because the modern Western diet doesn’t include obscure plants, roots, and seeds like rhodiola, bacopa, or celastrus seed extract. To get these brain-boosting substances into our bodies, we have to rely on supplements. However, creating these supplements is not as simple as many companies would have you believe. Creating an effective nootropic supplement requires a deep understanding of the complex interplay and synergy between specific ingredients at specific dosages. And Neurohacker Collective's ability to analyze and unravel this complex interplay is what sets it apart from other companies. Neurohacker Collective’s team of scientists and medical professionals takes a “whole systems” approach to the science of nootropics. What this means is that instead of simply trying to produce a certain effect in one system of the human body, they study the interrelation between all systems. For their Qualia nootropics supplements, Neurohacker Collective used this pioneering whole system approach and complex systems modeling, along with thousands of hours of research in neuro-biology and organic chemistry, to create products specifically designed to fuel neurotransmission and improve overall brain health. Qualia's supplements come in two different formulas, both of which are designed to help you feel focused, clear-headed, and ready to take on any task. Qualia Focus is Neurohacker Collective’s introductory nootropic supplement. It’s a fast-acting blend of five nootropic compounds, seven neuro-vitamins, six adaptogen extracts, five amino acids, and one choline donor. These ingredients promote neuron and synapse development, neuroplasticity and neurogenesis, increased energy, healthy cell structure, and cerebral blood flow. Qualia Mind is designed to produce effects similar to Qualia Focus. It just turns the efforts up a notch by adding a few extra ingredients and increased dosages to produce additional nutrient synergies. Qualia Mind features six nootropic compounds, seven neuro-vitamins, two antioxidants, six adaptogen extracts, five amino acids, and two choline donors. The key additions not found in Qualia Focus are PQQ, Phosphatidylserine, DHA, and CDP-Choline. These improve responsiveness to neurotransmitters and aid the formation of synaptic connections in the neurons used for memory. Thus, Qualia Mind provides more robust support for attention and focus in stressful or demanding situations. How do you know which of these nootropics are right for you? It really depends on your specific needs. Qualia Focus is less powerful, but more affordable. Qualia Mind has a bigger impact, but is also more expensive. Regardless of which option you choose, Qualia Focus or Qualia Mind, you can always rest assured that you are getting a product of the highest quality. Unlike some companies which keep the “proprietary” formula of their nootropics a secret, Neurohacker Collective believes the only way you can truly build trust is by telling customers exactly what they are putting in their bodies, and why. That’s why they provide lists of every single ingredient in every one of their supplements, as well as painstakingly detailed accounts of what these ingredients actually do. Want to see for yourself? Just click here. Neurohacker Collective also wants to make sure you are completely satisfied. That’s why your first purchase comes with free before-and-after cognitive assessments from Cambridge Brain Sciences. If you are not completely satisfied with your results, Neurohacker Collective offers a 100-day money back guarantee. (Remember, use promo code PRODANDNEURO at check out for 15% off any purchase or subscription.) So if you’re thinking about trying nootropics and you want to deal with a company you can actually trust, Neurohacker is the answer. Click here to read more about their industry-leading Qualia Focus and Qualia Mind nootropics, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff.  Share This Article 
MIT is working on self-driving technology that allows cars to "see" through the ground up to a depth of ten feet below the surface of the road. The idea is to allow self-driving cars to figure out exactly where they are — especially when snow, heavy fog, or other bad weather obscures road markings. Current-generation self-driving cars typically rely on cameras and light detection sensors (LIDAR) to position themselves on roadways. But once the snow starts falling and covers up lane markers, it can get tricky for the car to tell where it is — and that could spell disaster, especially at highway speeds. A team at MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab have come up with a new system they call "Localizing Ground Penetrating Radar"  (LGPR) that can create a real-time map of the ground below the road's surface. "If you or I grabbed a shovel and dug it into the ground, all we're going to see is a bunch of dirt," says CSAIL PhD student Teddy Ort told Engadget. "But LGPR can quantify the specific elements there and compare that to the map it's already created, so that it knows exactly where it is, without needing cameras or lasers." In a video released today, the team of researchers show off the tech working on a private road that's covered in snow. The tech even works inside a parking garage, thanks to the arrangement of concrete and metal reinforcements below that create a unique imprint, as ExtremeTech reports. The team is now working on miniaturizing their invented system as it is six feet wide right now — way larger than a current generation suite of cameras and LIDAR sensors. READ MORE: MIT helps self-driving cars ‘see’ through snow and fog [Engadget] More on self-driving cars: Hackers Stick Tape on Speed Sign, Trick Teslas Into Going Faster Share This Article 
An Australian fusion startup called HB11, a spin-off from the University of New South Wales, claims to have found a way to revolutionize current nuclear fusion technology, potentially laying the groundwork for a new era of power generation — without running the risk of a nuclear meltdown. The startup's leadership doesn't mince words. "We are sidestepping all of the scientific challenges that have held fusion energy back for more than half a century," director Warren McKenzie told New Atlas. Fusion energy, as its name suggests, harnesses the energy released from when atomic nuclei fuse together, as opposed to fission, which splits nuclei apart to generate electricity. Fusion has been the holy grail of energy production for decades, but scientists have yet to achieve a reaction that spits out more energy than it needs to get going — though they're starting to get close. If that sounds too good to be true, it's worth noting that there does appear to be drama around the claims. A press release about the technology on the New South Wales University site disappeared soon after its publication. After the publication of this story, though, the press release reappeared. "There were a couple of areas that needed tighter attribution," a spokesperson told Futurism. The backup release makes extraordinary claims. It says HB11 has found a new way that does away with the current fusion energy approach that requires inordinately high temperatures and pressure levels to work. In theory — right now it's not much more than a theory — HB11's approach is extremely simplified and significantly cheaper. The technique relies on hydrogen and a boron B-11 isotope — instead of extremely rare and expensive radioactive isotopes such as tritium — and employs a specialized set of lasers to get the reaction going. Inside a "largely empty metal sphere," fuel pellets of HB-11 isotopes are shot at with two lasers to trigger an "'avalanche' fusion chain reaction," as the company describes it in a statement. "You could say we're using the hydrogen as a dart, and hoping to hit a boron , and if we hit one, we can start a fusion reaction," McKenzie told New Atlas. "That's the essence of it." "Creating fusion using temperature is essentially randomly moving atoms around, and hoping they'll hit one another, our approach is much more precise," he added. The process even skips the "need for a heat exchanger or steam turbine generator" and can feed an electrical flow "almost directly into an existing power grid," according to the company's statement. No nuclear waste, no steam, zero chance of a nuclear meltdown. It almost sounds too good to be true — but the startup still has a lot to prove. McKenzie admitted himself he doesn't know if or when the startup's idea could be turned into a commercial reality. "I don't want to be a laughing stock by promising we can deliver something in 10 years, and then not getting there," he told New Atlas. Editor's note 2/24/2020: This story has been updated with a statement from a New South Wales University spokesperson. READ MORE: Radical hydrogen-boron reactor leapfrogs current nuclear fusion tech [New Atlas] More on fusion: This Physicist Is Using Mayonnaise to Study Nuclear Fusion Share This Article 
Last week, Samsung unveiled their new line of flagship phones, the Galaxy S20 Series, at the “Samsung Unpacked” media event. And if you’ve been waiting for the right time to upgrade, that time is definitely now. Samsung’s claim that the Galaxy S20, S20 Plus, and S20 Ultra will “fundamentally change the way we capture and experience our world” may be a bit hyperbolic. But with 5G technology and a groundbreaking new camera system, there’s no denying that these phones can do things most of us never thought possible. Of course, the first thing you’ll notice about the new Galaxy S20s is they don’t look all that different from the Galaxy S10s. The only noticeable aesthetic change is the layout of the cameras. But on the inside the S20s feature some pretty serious upgrades. Let’s start with the 5G. The Galaxy S20 features low-band (sub6) 5G connectivity, which is currently the most common nationwide 5G technology. However, in addition to low-band 5G, the S20 Plus and Ultra also feature high-band (mmWave) 5G technology. This type of 5G is still being rolled out, but it offers speeds up to 100 times faster than 4G LTE. The Plus and Ultra are the first phones to offer both kinds of 5G connectivity. So this is a game-changer. Another major upgrade you get with the S20s are the screens. Not only are they bigger than ever, with the 6.2-inch S20, the 6.7-inch Plus, and the massive 6.9-inch Ultra, but they also feature the option of switching to an incredible 120Hz refresh rate, which takes your streaming and gaming experiences to a whole new level. Still, the biggest upgrade, and the one getting the most buzz right off the bat, is the Galaxy S20’s camera system. Samsung’s brand new new architecture combines AI-driven image processing with huge image sensors to produce professional quality images and videos. How big are these image sensors? The S20 and Plus both feature 10-megapixel selfie-cameras, 12-megapixel wide angle cameras, 12-megapixel ultra-wide cameras, and 64-megapixel telephoto cameras. The Ultra, meanwhile, features a 40-megapixel selfie-camera, 108-megapixel wide angle camera, 48-megapixel telephoto camera, and 12-megapixel ultra-wide camera. Samsung didn’t stop with the resolution, though. Their new S20s also feature powerful optical zoom—3x for the S20 and Plus, 10x for the Ultra—as well as something they call “Space Zoom.” Powered by AI, “Space Zoom” gives you brilliant 30x digital zoom on the standard and Plus phones, and 100x digital zoom on the Ultra. The same AI that powers Samsung’s new “Space Zoom” technology also powers an innovative new camera feature called “Single Take.” Basically, “Single Take” lets you use all the bells and whistles of the new camera system at the same time. Simply point your phone at the subject, press the button, and “Single Take” captures wide angle shots, close up shots, videos in incredible 8K resolution, and even GIFs. It then presents them all in a little collage, and you can choose which ones you want to keep. Naturally, with all this incredible technology, the new Galaxy S20s have premium price tags. The S20 starts at $999, the Plus starts at $1199, and the Ultra starts at $1399. However, if all those insane camera specs have you salivating, don’t let those prices scare you off. If you pre-order a new Galaxy S20, Plus, or Ultra, you can get between $200 and $700 off when you trade in your old phone. You can also take advantage of Samsung Financing, which gives eligible customers 0.00% APR for 36 months. In short, if you think you can’t afford the most sophisticated smart phone camera ever made, think again. The Galaxy S20, Plus, and Ultra are available for pre-order from February 21 to March 5. They hit stores March 6. Don’t wait. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
While looking for new viruses in an artificial lake in Brazil, an international team of researchers made an unexpected discovery. Among the giant viruses they found infecting the lake's amoeba population, they also spotted a much smaller specimen. When they analyzed the virus' genome, they discovered that more than 90 percent of its genes had never been recorded by scientists. In January, the researchers published a paper on the preprint server bioRxiv detailing their analysis of the new virus, which they named the Yaravirus after Yara, the "mother of waters" in the mythology of the Tupi-Guarani indigenous tribes in Brazil. The team found the Yaravirus in Lake Pampulha in Belo Horizonte, and after sequencing its genome, they discovered that only six of its genes even slightly resembled viral genes previously recorded in public databases — the other 68 genes were completely new. The discovery of an almost wholly unique virus might seem particularly worrisome right now given that another new virus — the 2019 novel coronavirus —  has killed 910 people since it began spreading across the planet in December. But scientists regularly discover new viruses. In fact, between 2016 and 2019, the number of distinct types of viruses scientists knew about in the world's oceans surged from 15,222 to 195,728. Additionally, while all viruses infect something — they can only replicate while inside a host — researchers only know of about 1,000 viruses that infect people. The Yaravirus isn't one of those — it infects amoebas — but even if it could infect humans, that wouldn't necessarily make the new virus a threat to our species, as some viruses actually make us healthier. Ultimately, the importance of Yaravirus' discovery lies mostly in the fact that it expands the wealth of human knowledge into the tiny infectious agents that play a major role in the health of Earth's entire ecosystem — for better and for worse. READ MORE: Scientists discover virus with no recognizable genes [Science Magazine] More on viruses: Scientists Discover Ancient Viruses Inside Glacier Share This Article 
With more than 1,000 confirmed deaths and almost 60,000 cases, the devastating coronavirus COVID-19 is causing global supplies of face masks to run out, stock markets to plummet, and cruise ship trips to be cancelled. Luckily, many Chinese residents haven't forgotten about their furry companions. In photos and videos posted to social media, cats in makeshift protective wear — including face masks with cut out holes for their eyes — can be seen wandering the streets, The New York Post reports. Cats Need Face Mask Too In Wuhan...See... pic.twitter.com/wUuVe39UwQ — Agus Susanto II (@Cobeh09) February 10, 2020  Futurism wasn't able to verify the legitimacy of the images, or where they fall on the spectrum from meme fodder to actual protective measure. A key question: can cats and other pets actually catch and transmit the deadly virus? "At present, there is no evidence that companion animals such as dogs or cats can be infected with COVID-19," reads a FAQ by the Oregon Veterinary Medical Association. "No, you won’t get or give the coronavirus to your family pet," reads a blog post by the UC Davis School of Veterinary Medicine. "[Coronaviruses] tend to be very species specific and cross-species transmission is uncommon." COVID-19 could genetically change to jump species, as unlikely as that may be — it is currently believed, after all, to have spread from animals to humans before this outbreak. And Chinese authorities claim there is reason to be cautious. "If pets go out and have contact with an infected person, they have the chance to get infected," spokesman and epidemiologist Li Lanjuan from China's National Health Commission told The New York Post. "By then, pets need to be isolated. In addition to people, we should be careful with other mammals especially pets." READ MORE: Cats in China are wearing face masks amid coronavirus crisis [New York Post] More on the virus: China Announces Spike in Deadly Virus Infections, Deaths Share This Article 
Look: We here at Futurism Dot Com are not immune — like every other media outlet on the internet — to the occasional shameless Internet Dog post. Among our ranks are dog owners; our office is dog-friendly. Also, we're shameless. So here's a video of NASA astronaut Christina Koch coming home to her dog after returning from her record-setting 328-day spaceflight: Not sure who was more excited. Glad she remembers me after a year! pic.twitter.com/sScVXHMHJn — Christina H Koch (@Astro_Christina) February 13, 2020  The dog's name, for the record, is LBD, which stands for Little Brown Dog. And look at our fawning contemporaries in media, covering this particular story: Ah, yes, CNN: That regal news operation, just bowled over by this dog. Time magazine, that old stalwart, argues that this dog could not be happier. We beg to differ. Allow us to introduce you, dear reader, to the Master Returns subreddit, which is full of videos of dogs who are far happier to see their owners — who weren't even in space! — than Christina Koch's dog, which could do better:  Reunited with Ruby after almost four weeks away from      MasterReturns    See? This dog certainly did better:  WELCOME HOME A soldier's worry her beloved dog wouldn't remember her while she was deployed in Africa quickly dissolved by the pup's public freakout at the airport from      MasterReturns    This dog absolutely owns lesser dogs with a greeting involving pirouettes:  It’s been a whole 2 hours since we’ve seen each other from      aww    See? That's all. We just expect more of that dog. Related: Welcome back, Christina Koch. Not that you needed a reminder, but Earth is full of assholes, and only dogs are good. Also, LBD, do better. MORE #FUTURISM_PETS CONTENT: These Cats Refuse to Die of Coronavirus Before Their Humans EVEN MORE #FUTURISM_PETS CONTENT: If You Don't Adopt These Animals the FDA Experimented on You're a Bad Person Share This Article 
As the live-action remake of Disney's classic "Mulan" on March 27 draws closer, experts predict the studio could lose out on substantial earnings in China due to the recent outbreak of the coronavirus, also known as COVID-19, Business Insider reports. The outbreak has claimed over 1,000 deaths in China alone and has infected just over 60,000. Needless to say, typical daily life in China has been absolutely disrupted. As tens of millions of Chinese residents are hunkered down at home waiting for the deadly virus outbreak to blow over, cities are starting to resemble ghost towns. Workers are staying at home — voluntarily and involuntarily — and the country's economy is facing a major slowdown. A number of industries are feeling the squeeze, from the auto industry to electronics factories. According to the Hollywood Reporter, nearly 70,000 movie theaters have shuttered last month, including some of the country's leading cinema chains, leaving a massive $1 billion dent in ticket sales revenue. Even Disney's theme parks in Shanghai and Hong Kong closed their doors. And that leaves Disney's upcoming blockbuster — their first live-action film to feature a Chinese protagonist — in an awkward spot. A release date has yet to be announced, owing to the fact that the Chinese government decides it, not the studios, according to CNN. "Under normal release circumstances, China could easily be 'Mulan's' biggest market by a fair margin," Boxoffice.com chief analyst Shawn Robbins told CNN. And that impact won't go away over night. "Of course, there will still be a natural hesitation to avoid public spaces even when the situation is contained, so release dates for the 2020 overall movie slate in China could change dramatically," Comscore senior media analyst Paul Dergarabedian told Business Insider. "The longer this tragic situation continues, the greater the impact will be on all of the studios, their movies, and indeed all of the arts in China," Dergarabedian added. READ MORE: Disney's 'Mulan' remake faces an 'unprecedented' situation at the box office because of the Wuhan coronavirus [Business Insider] More on the outbreak: China Announces Spike in Deadly Virus Infections, Deaths Share This Article 
Twenty-three years ago — long before "machine learning" was a term regularly belched up by luddites hiding behind dumb mid-level marketing buzzwords and printed-out Recode posts — IBM's Deep Blue AI beat reigning global Chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov, sending shockwaves through the worlds of chess, computing, and conspiratorial technophobes, as fear of sentient computing had permeated another layer of pop culture. Now, in a new interview with Wired, Kasparov has done what most of us should do with most of the shitty things in our lives, which is: Come to terms with it (and then figure out how to perm it into your own personal narrative in the most marketable way possible). Wired interviewed Kasparov on the occasion of a debate hosted by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (a.k.a. the first ones to sell humanity out, who, as we all know, won't be spared for their betrayal, anyway). At the top of the interview, he told Wired: "I’ve made my peace with it. At the end of the day, the match was not a curse but a blessing, because I was a part of something very important. Twenty-two years ago, I would have thought differently. But things happen. We all make mistakes. We lose. What’s important is how we deal with our mistakes, with negative experience." Sounds like a guy who made a mistake getting his ass beat by a computer. That said, how Kasparov is dealing with it actually has some value to the rest of us: Making a compelling case that he was the first guy to be truly outwitted in his job by a computer, he's now become a thinker asking questions of the effects of A.I. that go beyond the practical or the technical, but more towards the philosophical nature of machinery. A mind like Kasparov's — one who understands the dynamic nature of grand, sweeping, coordinated, changeable movements, gambits, and calculable variabilities as means towards ends — is the kind of thinking the field could probably use more of. For example, one aside Kasparov gave, when Wired asked him how close he believes we are to human-level AI: We don't know exactly what intelligence is. Even the best computer experts, the people on the cutting edge of computer science, they still have doubts about exactly what we're doing. He's utterly correct, both about the unknown nature of what we're doing and the very nature of intelligence itself, human or otherwise. The entire thing is worth reading, if only to see a guy finally come to terms two decades later with getting his ass beat at chess by a computer. READ MORE: Defeated Chess Champ Garry Kasparov Has Made Peace With AI [Wired] More on chess: Yasssss Queen: Chess Is Finally Becoming the Next Big eSport Share This Article 
When you were a kid you probably figured that in the future, the whole world would be powered by solar panels. After all, sunlight is free, and converting it into electricity doesn’t pollute the atmosphere. Solar panels kind of seem like a no brainer. Unfortunately, as you have probably noticed, it’s now 2020 and we’re not living in a futuristic solar panel utopia yet. But we are getting closer. Over the last 10 years the cost of installing solar panels has dropped roughly 70 percent thanks to lower equipment costs, lower installation costs, and government incentives like the Federal Solar Tax Credit. As a result, solar panels have never been more affordable. When you factor the money you’ll save on traditional energy, plus the value they add to your home, now, at last, solar panels actually represent a very sound long term investment... at least for some people. Of course, whether or not you are one of those people depends on a number of complicated factors, including the architectural features and geographical location of your home, the prevalence of solar contractors and suppliers in your area, and the complex web of laws, regulations, and tax incentives in your particular state and municipality. So how do you figure out if now is the right time for you to invest in solar panels? You turn to a company like Understand Solar.  Understand Solar is a third-party solar power advocate, which means they do not sell or install solar panels. Instead, their job is to help the solar energy industry expand by educating consumers and making the solar installation process easier. If you’re new to solar energy, Understand Solar can teach you everything you need to know, from how solar energy systems work, how they connect to the public grid, how much solar panels cost, and how long solar panels last. They’ll also give you an overview of all the financing and leasing options available, as well as any government tax incentives. Once you’re ready to take the next step, Understand Solar gives you a free personalized solar energy assessment. All you have to do is fill out their simple online form and provide a few details about your home. Once you have done that, a solar energy expert will contact you via phone and go over your assessment and answer any questions you may have. But absolutely no commitment is required. You may learn that, for one reason or another, solar energy is not right for you. If that is the case, your Understand Solar representative will explain why. However, depending on your location and the energy industries where you live, you might discover solar panels make so much sense, you would almost be losing money by not installing them.  When it comes to the value that solar panels can add to a home, there are no simple, cookie-cutter answers. One study found that they add about 4.1 percent to the value of the average home, with higher rates in major urban areas and lower rates in rural areas. Another study found that buyers are typically willing to pay $15,000 more for homes with solar panels. But again, it all depends on where you live, how big your home is, and how many solar panels you install. Other factors that will have to be weighed include the projected long term electricity rates in your area, the total cost of the solar energy system you choose to install, and how you decide to finance the installation. In theory, an investment in solar panels can easily outperform traditional stock market portfolios over the course of 20 years. But it all depends on your personal finances, as well as a number of external economic conditions. If all that sounds complicated, that’s because it is. But Understand Solar can make it simple. Your representative will crunch all the numbers and lay out all your options. Then, if you wish to proceed, they’ll help you arrange in-home estimates with experienced installers in your area. So, if you want to find out if solar panels are finally an option for you, don’t wait. Get a free, no-fee solar panel report from Understand Solar today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you don’t have a VPN because you’ve been waiting for the right deal to come along, as of today, you are officially out of excuses. Right now, for a limited time, you can get a lifetime subscription to FastestVPN for just $80. Just how good of a deal is that? Most premium VPN services run between $30 and $100 per year depending on the length of your subscription. But to get the lowest available rates, you generally have to commit and pay for three to five years up front, which means you’re actually forking over anywhere from $90 to $150. So $80 for a lifetime VPN subscription? That’s a deal that you don’t want to pass up. For those who might not be familiar, VPN is an acronym that stands for virtual private network. When you subscribe to one, it helps safeguard your online security and privacy by building an encrypted tunnel which you use to access the Internet. Normally, when you want to access a website, you start by connecting to your ISP, or internet service provider. They then redirect you to your destination on the Internet. However, because all your traffic goes through the ISP’s server, they can see and keep records of everything you do online. And these records could potentially be sold to the highest bidder, handed over to government agencies, or stolen by hackers. But when you access the Internet through a VPN, any information you send out gets encrypted before it gets to your ISP’s servers. Then, instead of going straight from your ISP’s servers to your final destination, your information gets routed through the VPN’s servers, which can be located anywhere in the world. By encrypting all incoming and outgoing data, VPNs make sure that if your information is intercepted, nobody can read it. And by routing you through their servers, VPNs hide your IP address, protecting your location and identity from everybody. What does all this mean for the average person? It means you can shop or do online banking from home or even an unsecured public WIFI hotspot without worrying that a hacker might steal your credit card or banking information. It means you can access geo-restricted content anywhere on the planet. It means you can browse the web and know that your personal information won’t be sold to data brokerage firms. It means you download whatever you want and nobody will know it was you. Though any VPN is better than no VPN, not all of them offer the same level of protection. Some services use outdated encryption. Some slow down your connection with inadequate servers. And, amazingly, some actually keep logs of all your activity, even though anonymity is the number one reason most people sign up for a VPN in the first place. So what about FastestVPN? Does their service actually measure up? Amazingly, the answer is yes. Despite the unbelievably low price currently being offered, FastestVPN has all the features you could possibly want in a VPN. These include: With that list of features, FastestVPN is quite frankly the best deal you could possibly hope for in a VPN. And the best part is that it all comes with a 15-day money back guarantee. If you’re not satisfied after two weeks, they’ll give you a full refund. So don’t wait around and let this incredible deal pass you by. Give yourself the gift of complete online security and privacy today with FastestVPN. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In November, popular British rock band Coldplay announced that it would not be touring to promote its newest album "Everyday Life," specifically because of the environmental impact of a global tour, The New Yorker reports. As musicians rely heavily on touring for revenue — which means more gas guzzling tour busses and cross-country flights — bands are grappling with how they can keep playing their music, and making a profit, without leaving a massive carbon footprint. "As glorious and life-affirming as live music can be, the magnitude of the enterprise — how much carbon a tour produces, how much waste a concert generates — can be troubling," reporter Amanda Petrusich wrote in The New Yorker. Pretty much every element of touring has an environmental cost: flying an entire band and their gear across the world, feeding and housing the musicians and staff, powering instruments and amps — let alone the energy it takes for lights and sound at the performance venues themselves. Of course, it’s much easier for a highly successful band like Coldplay to say no to touring, because they can still generate a solid income from streaming and album sales. (Though as Petrusich points out, Coldplay’s previous tours have spanned over a hundred shows across multiple continents — so the financial loss for the band is likely quite significant.) But for less established musicians, it’s not always a viable option. The New Yorker cites a research paper in the academic journal Popular Music. In it, UK researchers studied the tours of five musicians using a carbon-tracking tool to measure their environmental impact. The research found that, combined, the artists added 19,314 kilograms of CO2 to the environment in only 6 months — the equivalent of taking nearly twenty flights back and forth from New York City to London. But eco-conscious musicians: Don’t fret. There are a few options besides cutting the amp cord all together.  The New Yorker found that some bands, including Massive Attack – which has also discussed forgoing a tour for climate reasons — have been working with environmental organizations and nonprofits to minimize their impact. One such organization, called Reverb — founded by Adam Gardner, a guitarist in the band Guster, and Lauren Sullivan, an environmentalist and organizer — supports musicians hoping to go carbon neutral, or at least lessen their impact on the climate. According to The New Yorker, Reverb will send a trained staff member on tour with a band to handle "the logistics associated with running an environmentally responsible tour."  That ranges from things as simple as recycling the plastic water bottles musicians drink on stage, to composting the catering, encouraging fans to carpool to the venue, or even working with the venues to make their operations more green. Reverb has worked with more than 200 clients, including the likes of Maroon 5, Fleetwood Mac, and Harry Styles.  In 2010, Sheryl Crow worked with Reverb to switch to compostable catering, reusable water bottles and biodiesel fuel for her tour, claiming she neutralized an estimated 1.5 million pounds of C02 — the equivalent of 81 homes not using electricity for an entire year. Dan Snaith, a composer and producer who uses the stage name Caribou, spoke to the New Yorker about his work with a group called PLUS1 to add a dollar to every ticket price, which can then be donated to a cause the group chooses.  "We’re still very much learning and researching, but I am not convinced that a compelling solution will be available, other than drastically reducing the amount of travel that we do," Snaith told the magazine. "It seems to me that the only solution commensurate with the scale of the problem is fundamentally changing the way musicians work." Read More: The Day The Music Became Carbon-Neutral [The New Yorker] More on music and the environment: Here's How Streaming Music Is Killing the Planet Editor's note 2/20/2020: This story originally said that Coldplay had canceled a tour for environmental reasons. In actuality, they decided not to schedule a tour in the first place. It has been updated. Share This Article 
As dozens of airlines cancel flights in and out of China due to the current coronavirus outbreak, the wealthy are increasingly turning to flying private jets for travel in and out of the country, according to the BBC. Travelers are getting stuck trying to enter or leave mainland China in the thousands as the deadly virus makes its way around the globe, having claimed over 2,000 people's lives worldwide per the latest numbers. The wealthy are trying to use their riches to get around the large-scale restrictions. "Over the last four weeks, the number of coronavirus related inquiries Air Partner has received across the business has increased," global aviation services group Air Partner said in a statement, as quoted by ABC News. "This includes increased Private Jet inquiries, requests for medical equipment cargo flights and emergency evacuations." "Some customers have tried to avoid infection by flying with their families on private jets to avoid traveling on commercial aircraft with a large amount of people, whereas several organizations, as well as governments, have evacuated en masse on larger aircraft, such as an Airbus A380," Air Charter Service commercial director Justin Lancaster told ABC. One, uh, slightly big problem, though: "Many simply do not want to send their aircraft and crews into mainland China," Darin Voyles, VP of Charter Sales for Paramount Business Jets told the BBC. "Aside from the risk of exposure for the crews, the operational and business concern is that when they return from mainland China they will essentially be unable to work for two weeks as they will have to go into quarantine immediately," Voyles added. READ MORE: Coronavirus triggers boom in private jet inquiries [BBC] More on the virus: These Unsettling Medical Masks Look Like Human Faces Share This Article 
Indoor gardening sounds like a great idea in theory. Who wouldn’t like to grow fresh herbs, fruits, and other plants year-round? The only problem is that it requires a lot of knowledge, time, and effort that most people just don’t have. But what if there was a simple, fool-proof way to grow plants in your living room, kitchen, or bedroom with the touch of a button? Well, thanks to the Grobo automated grow box, there is. Often described as “the Keurig of plants,” the Grobo is a fully automated smart hydroponic growing system designed to take the guesswork out of indoor horticulture. That may sound too good to be true, but it’s not. All you have to do is add seeds, water, and nutrients, then select the appropriate “grow recipe” on the app, and Grobo takes care of the rest. Using an array of cutting edge sensors to monitor growing conditions, Grobo automatically adjusts water, light, temperature, humidity, and nutrients to produce perfect plants every time. All you have to do is refill the Grobo’s water reservoir about once a week, and perform minor pruning when instructed to do so by the Grobo app. The brainchild of a Canadian tech startup, Grobo can grow just about any plant that will fit inside its 14x14x48-inch frame. However, it was originally designed to meet the challenges faced by those trying to cultivate medicinal cannabis at home. The Grobo automated grow box comes in two different models: Grobo Solid and Grobo Premium. Both of them feature automatic nutrient dosing; automatic pH balancing; responsive LED lighting that adjusts depending on the stage of the growing cycle; around-the-clock environmental monitoring; carbon filters to eliminate odor leakage; a three gallon water tank; and dual intake fans for air circulation and drying. Both also feature the same elegant, understated design and minimalist footprint, making them perfect for any decor. The only difference between Grobo Solid grow box and Grobo Premium grow box is the door. Grobo Solid has a solid metal door. This provides maximum discretion and makes the Grobo look like an ordinary cabinet, thus helping it blend into the background of any room in the house. Grobo Premium has a door made from cutting edge fluid glass that goes from clear to opaque with the touch of a button. This gives you privacy when you want it, but also lets you check on your plant without letting bugs in or smells out. When it comes to price, there’s no getting around the fact that both Grobo models represent a bit of an investment. However, Grobos don't cost an arm and a leg to operate. Most users can expect to spend about $5 a month on energy and $10 a month on nutrients. When you factor in all the money you’ll save by not buying premium retail products, the Grobo can actually pay for itself in as little as 18 months. After that, all the savings go straight into your pocket. So if you are interested in growing your own high quality plants in the comfort and privacy of your own home, you need to take a serious look at Grobo. This high tech indoor growing system might change your life. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Everybody knows the key to a good long term investment portfolio is diversification. Unfortunately, for well over half a century, the only thing regular everyday people could do to “diversify” their portfolios was find the right balance between publicly traded stocks and bonds, while investing in real estate was restricted. Why? Because those were the only assets in which they were legally allowed to invest. However, that is not the case anymore. Thanks to technological advancements and subsequent changes in FCC regulations, cutting edge companies like Fundrise are giving regular people access to the private real estate market, which only billionaires had access to before. Of course, right now you might be thinking, wait a minute, regular people have always been able to invest in real estate. Anyone can buy a property and flip it, or rent it out and become a landlord to let the value appreciate over the long term. That’s the premise of almost half the reality shows on basic cable! While all this is true, that is not the kind of real estate investing we’re talking about here. What we’re talking about here is a kind of pooled fund investing. Pooled fund investing is when money is collected from a large number of investors and used to create one massive investment portfolio, which is managed by professional money managers. The most common types are mutual funds, hedge funds, pension funds, and exchange-traded funds, or ETFs. All of them allow individual investors to achieve greater growth and stability than they would be able to achieve on their own, which is good. However, these types of funds are only allowed to invest in publicly traded securities like stocks and bonds. Thus, the average investor could only diversify so much. That was not the case for institutional investors and high net worth individuals. Because they can afford to write huge checks, in addition to regular stocks and bonds, they’ve also had access to things like Real Estate Investment Trusts, or REITs. These are pooled funds that invest in income-generating private real estate, which offers higher and more consistent returns than publicly traded securities. But here’s the good news. Recent advancements in computer technology and data science have led to the development of highly advanced crowdfunding platforms that are democratizing 21st century investing. As a result, the SEC has loosened restrictions and opened private real estate investing to everybody. That brings us to Fundrise. Fundrise is a simple online investing platform that allows you to truly diversify your portfolio by investing in the private real estate market. Investing with Fundrise is a lot like investing in a traditional ETF, only instead of putting your money in a portfolio of public stocks and bonds you’re putting it into REITs or eFunds, which are simply portfolios of private real estate assets. These portfolios are handpicked by Fundrise’s real estate experts for their ability to produce revenue, and they include everything from single family rental houses to multi-building apartment complexes. Fundrise offers three types of accounts based on the amount of money you want to invest and your investing experience. They also offer three different investment strategies. The Supplemental Income strategy is designed to maximize quarterly dividends; the Long-Term Growth strategy is designed to maximize total return over many years; and the Balanced Investing strategy splits the difference. With Fundrise, you can expect annual returns between 8.7 and 12.4 percent, with an annualized dividend yield of 7.75 percent. Yet the minimum investment is just $500, and the platform is open to absolutely anyone, regardless of income or credit score. Whether you’re just starting to think about setting up an investment portfolio, or you’re looking to update your existing portfolio, you need to take a good long look at Fundrise. They just might have the piece of the investment pie you never knew was missing. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Cryptocurrencies like bitcoin are being accepted as payment by more and more businesses. They’re also becoming more and more popular with investors looking for new and innovative ways to diversify their portfolios. So maybe you’re thinking it’s time to get in the crypto game. But what is the best way to buy cryptocurrencies? The answer, if you want to buy bitcoin with a credit or debit card, is iwanttobuybitcoin.com. For most of their existence, cryptocurrencies have been viewed as assets rather than actual currencies. The first people to buy bitcoin were maverick investors willing to take a gamble on a volatile market. But today, investing in crypto has become almost mainstream. In fact, some experts think everybody should dedicate as much as five percent of their portfolios to cryptocurrencies. However, while cryptocurrencies can (or maybe even should) still be considered investment vehicles, big changes are on the horizon. When bitcoin was invented, the dream was that it would one day become an actual currency that people could use to pay for everyday goods and services. In early 2020, that dream will get one step closer to reality when global coffee behemoth Starbucks begins accepting bitcoin as part of a partnership with a new bitcoin payment app. So if you’re ready to join the cryptocurrency revolution, whether its as an investor, a consumer, or both, the first step is finding a digital exchange that’s right for you. While most digital exchanges charge reasonable transaction fees when you buy cryptocurrencies with cash straight from your bank account, they tend to jack up the fees if you want to use your credit or debit cards. That's bad news for anyone who’d like to invest in cryptocurrencies while also racking up serious credit card rewards, bonuses, or travel points. Luckily, there’s iwanttobuybitcoin. If you want to use your credit or debit card to buy popular cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, Ethereum, or XRP, iwanttobuybitcoin is the cheapest, fastest, and most secure way to do it. At iwanttobuybitcoin, they make buying cryptocurrencies incredibly simple. Creating an account takes about two minutes. After that you simply select the cryptocurrency you want to buy, choose your amount, and enter your payment info and wallet address. Once you hit submit, the currency will show up in your crypto wallet in just 10 to 15 minutes. While iwanttobuybitcoin’s transaction fees depend on the size of your transaction, you will always get the most competitive rate. Small transactions usually have fees in the 5-7 percent range, which is way lower than the 10-13 percent their competitors charge. Meanwhile, larger transactions are in the 3-5 percent range. For example, if you purchase $2500 worth of bitcoin with a credit card, your transaction fee with iwanttobuybitcoin would be just $75, which is a full 50-percent less than you can expect to pay at other digital exchanges. When you buy cryptocurrencies with iwanttobuybitcoin, you can rest easy knowing your money is in safe hands. This is a fully accredited EU regulated exchange that is AML and KYC certified, which means they employ practices designed to prevent fraud, money laundering, and other illegal activities. It's no wonder they have over 450,000 users in over 170 countries. So if you’re looking for a simple and affordable way to buy cryptocurrencies with a credit or debit card, iwanttobuybitcoin is for you. Click here to create your account and get in the crypto game, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
In an Instagram post, Jeff Bezos announced a pledge: $10 billion to combat climate change — a mere 7.7 percent of his $130 billion net worth. To some, it's the epitome of generosity — to others, his decision will sound hollow and void of meaning.     Today, I’m thrilled to announce I am launching the Bezos Earth Fund.⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣ Climate change is the biggest threat to our planet. I want to work alongside others both to amplify known ways and to explore new ways of fighting the devastating impact of climate change on this planet we all share. This global initiative will fund scientists, activists, NGOs — any effort that offers a real possibility to help preserve and protect the natural world. We can save Earth.  It’s going to take collective action from big companies, small companies, nation states, global organizations, and individuals. ⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣ I’m committing $10 billion to start and will begin issuing grants this summer. Earth is the one thing we all have in common — let’s protect it, together.⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣ - Jeff A post shared by  Jeff Bezos (@jeffbezos) on Feb 17, 2020 at 10:00am PST  "This global initiative will fund scientists, activists, NGOs — any effort that offers a real possibility to help preserve and protect the natural world," wrote the Amazon CEO in his post. "We can save Earth. It’s going to take collective action from big companies, small companies, nation states, global organizations, and individuals.⁣" Sure, $10 billion's plenty of money, but Bezos himself is at the helm of a company that's had a rocky relationship with efforts to protect the environment in the past. A growing number of Amazon employees, who formed the "Amazon Employees for Climate Justice," have spent most of 2019 urging their employer to cut ties with fossil fuel companies and eliminate its greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, among other demands, through organizing walkouts. Amazon didn't handle its employees fighting for a healthier planet very well, either. In (the newspaper Bezos owns) a Washington Post report in January revealed that Amazon told two employees they had violated Amazon's company communications policy by criticizing the company's environmental impact in October, and threatened to fire them. The e-commerce giant has made moves recently trying to clean up its act. The company made a pledge in September to go carbon neutral by 2040 and make deliveries using some 100,000 electric vehicles by 2030 — built of course by a new startup that Amazon is itself invested in. And its act is far from clean right now. Amazon is still a massive polluter in 2020, contributing considerably to the problem of climate change. In September, Amazon revealed it's emitted about 44.4 million metric tons of CO2 in 2018, putting it in the same ranks as oil and gas producers, as The New York Times reports. And then there's Bezos' own commitment to this planet. Bezos has spent a considerable amount of his time and fortune on developing ways to explore and even colonize space and beyond through his company Blue Origins. "If you want to protect the Earth, save the Earth, we have to go to space," he said during a speech a year ago. READ MORE: Jeff Bezos Commits $10 Billion to Address Climate Change [The New York Times] More on Bezos: Report: Saudi Crown Prince Hacked WaPo Owner Jeff Bezos’ Phone Share This Article 
Every day millions of people rely on central nervous system stimulants to boost focus and energy. Unfortunately, these stimulants often come with a wide variety of unpleasant side effects, and in the case of some, prolonged use can result in serious long term damage to your brain. Luckily, a company called Recoop has created a pair of dietary supplements specifically engineered to counteract the side effects of central nervous system stimulants such as Adderall and restore balance to your brain. Think you couldn’t possibly benefit from such supplements because you don’t rely on stimulants? Think again. Caffeine is a central nervous system stimulant. In fact, it’s actually the world’s most widely used psychoactive drug. Recent surveys suggest 64 percent of Americans over the age of 18 drink at least one cup of coffee every single day, while more and more people between the ages of 18 and 35 are getting their caffeine fix from energy drinks. As you probably know, the most common side effects of caffeine are jitters, nervousness, and that unavoidable post-caffeine energy crash. However, prolonged excessive caffeine intake can also lead to anxiety, increased heart rate, and sleep disorders. Of course, caffeine may be the most widely used psychoactive drug in the world, but it’s hardly the most problematic. These days, the use of a prescription central nervous system stimulants like Adderall, Ritalin, and Modafinil is also on the rise. According to the American Journal of Psychiatry, about 16 million Americans over the age of 18 are using prescription stimulants. The short term side effects of prescription stimulants like Adderall can include anxiety, irritability, insomnia, poor impulse control, loss of appetite, dry mouth, upset stomach, nausea and vomiting, dizziness, headache, diarrhea, and fever. But that’s only half the problem. Recent studies have shown that long term use of prescription stimulants can result in neurotoxicity, which is when a chemical substance causes structural damage to the central and/or peripheral nervous system. In the case of Adderall, amphetamines trigger the production of excess levels of dopamine. In an effort to restore balance, the brain actually strips itself of dopamine receptors, which can result in permanent neuron damage. Unfortunately, for most people who use prescription stimulants, simply giving them up is not an option. They truly need them in order to stay focused and productive, whether that’s at school or work. So Recoop set out to reduce the side effects of central nervous system stimulants. And now, after years of research, they’ve come up with two distinct formulas designed to work in tandem. Recoop Balance helps you manage the side effects of Adderall and other stimulants throughout the day. Recoop Recovery helps your brain power down and heal itself at night. As the name suggests, Recoop Balance is formulated to balance out the effects of stimulants, giving you all the energy, motivation, and focus without the anxiety or mood swings. Two caplets in the morning before you take any stimulants have been shown to improve impulse control, combat irritability, lift mood, and boost productivity. Here’s a rundown of the key ingredients in Recoop Balance and how they work: Curcumin for Detoxification Curcumin has been used in India for medicinal purposes for thousands of years. Found in the spice tumeric, it contains natural polyphenol compounds called curcuminoids that have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and neuroprotective properties. Recent evidence also suggests that curcumin can increase cognitive performance and enhance neurogenesis. Curcumin is used in Recoop Balance for detoxification and neurogenesis. Vitamin B for Cognitive Function Elevated levels of the homocysteine serum can result in the loss of cognitive function, and studies have also shown that coffee consumption raises homocysteine levels. Fortunately, Vitamin B helps prevent loss of cognitive function by reducing levels of homocysteine. Vitamin B is used in Recoop Balance to promote DNA regeneration, regulate mood, and build healthy brain cells. Ashwagandha for Stress Relief Ashwagandha is an herb used in Ayurveda, a traditional Indian medicine. Recent scientific studies have found that it may fight anxiety by reducing cortisol levels. Cortisol is your body’s main stress hormone. It is produced by the adrenal glands and interacts with parts of your brain to control mood, motivation, and fear. Ashwagandha is used in Recoop Balance to reduce stress, improve focus, and reduce cravings. L-Theanine for Focus L-theanine is an amino acid found in green tea that is structurally similar to glutamate, another amino acid that helps transmit nerve impulses to the brain. L-theanine has long been known to improve focus and attention. Now we know it works by modulating inhibitory neurotransmitters, selective serotonin, and dopamine to bring about anxiolytic and calming effects. L-theanine is used in Recoop Balance for deep concentration, reduced stress, and stimulant enhancement. Coenzyme Q10 for Organ Function Coenzyme Q10 is a molecule found in mitochondria that plays a critical role in producing energy for the body. It is also a powerful antioxidant that has a well-documented impact on cardiovascular health. Coenzyme Q10 is used in Recoop Balance to reduce headaches, detoxify, and promote heart health. Whereas Recoop Balance is designed to balance the effects of stimulants so you can stay focused and productive throughout the day, Recoop Recovery is intended to help your body deactivate stimulants at night so you can fall into a deep regenerative sleep and wake up feeling more refreshed. Two caplets 30 minutes before bed can help your body and your brain repair itself overnight so you are ready to take on the next day. Here’s a rundown of the key ingredients in Recoop Recovery and how they work: Vitamin C for Cleansing Vitamin C is a water-soluble essential vitamin found in citrus fruits. Well known for its antioxidant properties and immunity benefits, Vitamin C sequesters free radicals in the body, which helps promote blood flow and neurogenesis. Vitamin C is used in Recoop Recovery to trigger the natural elimination of stimulants from the system and provide immune support. Magnesium to Reduce Tolerance Magnesium is a mineral that plays an essential role in the biochemical reactions performed by enzymes. These include converting food into energy, creating and repairing DNA, and regulating neurotransmitters. Magnesium is used in Recoop Recovery for heart health, neuroprotection, and to reset the body’s neural pathways on a cellular level. NALT to Lift Mood NALT is an amino acid that is used to produce noradrenaline and dopamine. Research shows that taking tyrosine reduces anxiety and improves cognitive function during stressful conditions. NALT is used in Recoop Recovery to boost dopamine levels and reduce anxiety. L-Theanine to Cause Restfulness The same calming effects of L-theanine that help you stay focused during the day also help you relax at night. L-theanine is used in Recoop Recovery to reduce anxiety, melt away stress, and improve sleep quality. Melatonin to Regulate Sleep Rhythms Melatonin is a neurohormone secreted by the pineal gland that tells your brain when it’s time to shut down and go to sleep. The presence of light—especially blue light emitted by your various smart devices—suppresses melatonin production, interfering with your natural circadian rhythm. Melatonin is used in Recoop Recovery to promote natural sleep patterns. Recoop Balance and Recoop Recovery were designed to be taken together, and according to the scientists at Recoop this is the best way to combat the side effects of stimulants. However, you don’t have to take them together, and if you’re going to take just one, Recoop recommends the Balance formula. If you’re worried about the short and long term effects of Adderall other common stimulants, don’t wait around another day. Click here to give the Recoop supplement system a try. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A team of researchers at Leiden University in the Netherlands have developed a neural network called "Hazardous Object Identifier" that they say can predict if an asteroid is on a collision course with Earth. Their new AI singled out 11 asteroids that were not previously classified by NASA as hazardous, and which were larger than 100 meters in diameter — big enough to explode with the force of hundreds of nuclear weapons if they impacted Earth, potentially leveling entire cities. They also focused on space rocks that could come within 4.7 million miles of Earth, as detailed in a paper published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics earlier this month. None are an imminent threat, however: not only are their chances of ever hitting Earth astronomically slim, but they are making their flyby between the years 2131 and 2923 — hundreds of years from now. Using a supercomputer, the researchers fast-forwarded through a simulation of 10,000 years of orbital movements of the Solar System's planets. The team then reversed the simulation, simulating future Earth-impacting asteroids by flinging them away from Earth and tracking their exact locations and orbits. "If you rewind the clock, you will see the well-known asteroids land again on earth," said co-author and astronomer Simon Portegies Zwart from Leiden University in a statement. "This way you can make a library of the orbits of asteroids that landed on earth." This simulation served as the training ground for their neural network, which then looked for patterns in the data common among the simulated asteroids that might eventually hit Earth. To nail down whether their AI was actually good at spotting Earth-impacting asteroids in reality, the team tested it on known data of 2,000 asteroids listed by NASA. The neural network was 90.99 percent accurate in determining which ones were hazardous and which ones weren't. The team is now working on making its neural network even more accurate. "We now know that our method works, but we would certainly like to delve deeper in the research with a better neural network and with more input," Zwart said. "The tricky part is that small disruptions in the orbit calculations can lead to major changes in the conclusions." Share This Article 
Playing with marbles is sometimes thought of as a fun, but mindless childhood activity. But the people at ThinkFun have come up with a way to use marbles to teach kids about logic and basic STEM skills. It’s called Gravity Maze, and it's a fun, addictive, gravity-powered marble game for kids aged eight years and up. The goal of Gravity Maze is to get a marble from point A to point B... or more precisely, from "Start" to the "Target Tower." To do that, players build three-dimensional towers in a variety of different positions and then follow the instructions of up to 60 Challenger Cards which come in multiple difficulty levels from Beginner to Expert. Here’s a rundown of everything you get with your copy of Gravity Maze: If you’ve got kids in your house who enjoy brain teasers and logic puzzles, Gravity Maze is a great way for them to engage in that interest. The game helps develop important skills like spatial reasoning and planning. It’s classified as a STEM toy and teals with the basic building blocks of construction and engineering. Gravity Maze is also designed to get harder as players progress through the Challenger Cards, so there’s a satisfying (and educational) learning curve attached to the gameplay. And all of the game’s components are high-quality, sturdy, and built to last. And lest you assume that Gravity Maze is only suitable for kids, some satisfied Amazon customers vouch for the fact that the game can be enjoyed by adults, too. Like a user who goes by the handle “Learn to be a Mom." “To me, I think it can be for either adults or kids. Some of them might be very challenging for adults. I have a lot of fun playing.” Another reviewer, "Amy P.," offers even more praise for the game’s entertainment value. “My 10 year old son is obsessed with this game. He loves figuring out each maze. It makes him use problem solving skills and logic. This is a great toy for an only child whose parents can't entertain the child every minute. He chooses this over video games! Now that is saying something.” If you’ve been looking for a way to break your kids out of their screen addiction, Gravity Maze may be just the thing to do it. So, if the kids in your life could benefit from a fun way to learn the basics of STEM, head over to Amazon and get your copy, today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A new website, "NotRealNews.net," uses artificial intelligence to populate what resembles a news site's home page, complete with AI-written fake news stories. The website, a project by the AI development company Big Bird, is supposed to be a showcase of how the company's algorithms can help journalists quickly write compelling news, according to the website's "about" page. But despite the website's title, the realistic-enough articles aren't labeled as fake news or the marketing stunt that they are — meaning their existence is more likely to make journalists pull out their hair than it is to help them. A quick scroll down the website's home page reveals a smattering of political, cultural, and scientific news stories. Aside from entertaining algorithmic errors, like the headlines "Iran's Stock Market: 'There's a Market,'" and "In wake of death of British soldier, thousands as for plastic-free pubs," the articles are mostly convincing. In fact, many appear to be closely based on actual news stories, like the resignation of UK finance minister Sajid Javid. It bears stating clearly: this is dangerous. Articles on the website contain fictional updates from the U.S. presidential race. Some are misinformation about the ongoing coronavirus outbreak, a news cycle that's already full of confusing and sometimes conflicting reports. One headline describes a sexual assault. The idea, according to Big Bird's logic, is that journalists would be able to save time by taking AI-generated article templates but to then validate and fact-check them by removing the algorithm's errors and filling them in with factual information. Basically, it would turn reporters into the algorithm's editor — but given the system's believable prose and close proximity to the truth, it seems like that arrangement would almost guarantee that some fake news would slip through the cracks. It all raises a crucial question: Given that reporters are already perfectly capable of writing the news without a tech company's help, who is this for? As of press time, Big Bird has not responded to Futurism's request for comment. More on AI-written fake news: New AI Generates Horrifyingly Plausible Fake News Share This Article 
Still scrambling to find gifts for your younger loved ones this holiday season? You might want to visit "Ryan's World." That's the YouTube page of eight-year-old Texan Ryan Kaji, whose videos of toy reviews and other childhood shenanigans earned him a mind-boggling $26 million in 2019, according to Forbes — enough to make him YouTube's top earner for the second year in a row. Forbes considers the pretax income YouTubers collect through advertising, sponsorships, merchandise sales, and other sources to create its annual list. Kaji wasn't the only minor to make the cut this year, either. YouTube's third-highest earner is Anastasia Radzinskaya, a five-year-old Russian with cerebral palsy and seven YouTube channels. An additional five of YouTube's top earners aren't kids, but they are gamers who often showcase content popular with youngsters, such as "Minecraft" and "Fortnite." It's not entirely surprising that YouTube's kid-focused content is some of its most popular — and, therefore, most profitable. A nationally representative 2018 Pew survey found that an overwhelming 81 percent of parents with kids under the age of 11 let their offspring watch videos on the platform, with 34 percent saying their children visit the site regularly. There are 33.7 million households in the United States with members under the age of 11, according to United States Census data — so that means a vast number of tiny eyeballs racking up views on videos like Kaji's. The thriving economy of child-oriented YouTube content has occasionally even provoked bizarre scandals. And none of this means you should take the success of YouTubers like Kaji as an indication that you, too, could quit your day job and become a multi-millionaire by pumping out kid-friendly video content. "The vast majority of people who start a YouTube channel, or engage in any career as an influencer, won't make it," internet culture writer Chris Stokel-Walker told BBC News. "96.5 percent of YouTubers don't make enough from advertising revenue alone to break the US poverty line — and with the number of creators on the platform constantly increasing, the competition is only getting tougher." READ MORE: YouTube's top earners: Eight-year-old Ryan tops list with $26m [BBC News] More on YouTube: YouTube Lets Its Stars Break Rules, Say Moderators Share This Article 
On Thursday, organizers announced the 2020 lineup for arguably the most-hyped music festival in the world: Coachella. As rumored, Rage Against the Machine, Frank Ocean, and Travis Scott are set to headline the April event — but sharing the stage with some of the biggest artists alive today will be one who isn't alive at all: virtual pop star Hatsune Miku. Miku is a blue-haired, computer-generated "vocaloid" powered by software created by Japanese media company Crypton Future Media in 2007. Anyone can buy the software, use it to create a song in Miku's "voice," and upload the track to the internet. As Crypton's global marketing director Guillaume Devigne recently told GQ, some of the songs became so popular that they cracked the music charts in Japan. In 2010, a compilation of Miku tracks was even the number one album in the nation. Miku has made other serious inroads into the music industry. She's opened for Lady Gaga and goes on world tours as a hologram, performing a setlist comprising the best of the user-created songs, as well as tracks commissioned specifically for her. While Miku might be the only hologram on Coachella's 2020 lineup, she won't be the first virtual artist to perform at the fest — in 2012, it famously brought the likeness of deceased rapper Tupac Shakur to the stage for a virtual performance. But that two-song set lasted just five minutes and was powered by a centuries' old optical illusion — a far cry from the cutting-edge tech that will bring Miku to life at Coachella. “There’s a whole team who’s there to do the prep, control the visuals, and if something goes wrong we have to move really quick," Devigne told GQ. "There’s a whole system to be able to be responsive and be able to coordinate the digital aspect with the human aspect." READ MORE: Hatsune Miku is the most exciting addition to Coachella’s 2020 line-up [GQ] More on Hatsume Miku: Wildly Famous Japanese Pop Star Sells Thousands of Tickets in NYC. Also, She’s a Hologram Share This Article 
Researchers across the globe are already working on ways to destroy or at least redirect any killer asteroids before they slam into the Earth. But what if scientists discover that Earth is threatened by an entire asteroid shower? Or that some other cosmic phenomenon, such as nearby star going supernova, is on track to destroy the planet? In those instances, our survival might depend not on stopping the destructive event, but on getting the hell out of its way — and now, an astrophysicist has designed a stellar engine that could theoretically move Earth's entire solar system from one part of the Milky Way to another. Matthew Caplan from Illinois State University designed the machine at the behest of Munich-based YouTube channel Kurzgesagt. The channel then created a stunning video to illustrate the device, which it dubbed the Caplan Thruster, and a paper Caplan wrote describing the machine has also been published in the journal Acta Astronautica. The device would work much like a rocket. From a position near the Sun, it would use a Dyson sphere to collect mass from the star and then separate it into hydrogen and helium. The machine would then burn the helium in fusion reactors to generate thrust behind it, while shooting a jet of accelerated hydrogen particles at the Sun to ensure it didn't slam right into the star. This would allow the Caplan Thruster to work like a giant tugboat, pushing the Sun from its current location to a new one at a speed of about 50 light years per one million years. That might not seem very fast, but according to the Kurzgesagt video, the type of event that would necessitate using a solar engine wouldn't exactly sneak up on humanity — we'd likely know about it thousands or even millions of years in advance. That means the Caplan Thruster would be speedy enough to get the Sun out of harm's way. And thanks to gravity, wherever the Sun goes, the Earth and the rest of the planets will follow. READ MORE: Physicist Proposes Radical New 'Stellar Engine' That Could Move Our Entire Solar System [Science Alert] More on asteroids: Europe’s Space Agency Joins Mission to Deflect Killer Asteroids Share This Article 
On Monday, the New South Wales police force announced that it had charged 24 people with deliberately starting bushfires in the Australian state. The force also noted that it's taken legal action against a total of 183 people for 205 bushfire-related offenses, including failure to comply with a fire ban and discarding lit cigarettes or matches on land. The news that arsonists have contributed to the deadly fires raging in Australia is both highly disturbing and disheartening. But perhaps even more troubling is the wielding of this information as "evidence" that climate change isn't a major contributing factor to the emergency. Timothy Graham, a senior lecturer on social network analysis at the Queensland University of Technology, told ZDNet that he believes someone has orchestrated a disinformation campaign on social media to try to shift the blame for Australia's bushfires away from climate change and onto the arsonists. "I'm not sure whether it's orchestrated, or the extent to which this campaign is being coordinated," he told the publication, "but there does appear to be a particular focal point for spreading disinformation about arson in relation to the bushfires." That was his conclusion after analyzing 1,340 tweets containing the hashtag #arsonemergency, all of which were published by a total of 315 accounts between January 1 and January 6. After running his sample of tweets through an online tool designed to detect whether a Twitter account belongs to an actual human or a bot, he found the proportion of suspected bots was much higher than expected, leaving him "confident" in the existence of some soft of deliberate disinformation campaign. "The conspiracy theories going around (including arson as the main cause of the fires) reflect an increased distrust in scientific expertise, scepticism of the media, and rejection of liberal democratic authority," Graham told The Guardian. "These are all major factors in the global fight against disinformation," he continued, "and based on my preliminary analysis, it appears that Australia has for better or worse entered that battlefield, at least for now." READ MORE: Bots and trolls spread false arson claims in Australian fires 'disinformation campaign' [The Guardian] More on the bushfires: The Australian Wildfires Are so Bad You Can See Them From Space Share This Article 
A team of researchers have built what they claim to be the first living robots. The "xenobots," they say, can move, pick up objects, and even heal themselves after being cut. The team is hoping the biological machines could one day be used to clean up microplastics in the ocean or even deliver drugs inside the human body, The Guardian reports. To build the robots, the team used living cells from frog embryos and assembled them into primitive beings. "These are novel living machines," research co-lead Joshua Bongard, robotics expert at the University of Vermont, said in a statement. "They're neither a traditional robot nor a known species of animal. It's a new class of artifact: a living, programmable organism." The millimeter-length robots were designed by a supercomputer running an "evolutionary algorithm" that tested thousands of 3D designs for rudimentary life forms inside a simulation. The scientists then built a handful of the designs, which were able to propel themselves forward or fulfill a basic task inside the simulation using tweezers and cauterizing tools. The tiny robots had about a week to ten days of "power" courtesy of living heart muscle cells that were able to expand and contract on their own. And they were laborious little critters. In tests outlined in a paper published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences today, some were able to push tiny pellets into a central location on dishes of water, while others carried an object around. The biological robots have an advantage over their much larger metal or plastic brethren — they leave no trace behind. "These xenobots are fully biodegradable," Bongard said in the statement. "When they're done with their job after seven days, they're just dead skin cells." "These are very small, but ultimately the plan is to make them to scale," co-author Michael Levin, the director of the Allen Discovery Center at Tufts University, told The Guardian. They could be built with other cells, including blood vessels, or nerve cells, to gain cognitive capabilities — but that won't happen any time soon. READ MORE: Scientists use stem cells from frogs to build first living robots [The Guardian] More on stem cells: Something Strange Happened to Human Heart Cells in Space Share This Article 
It's a frightening thought experiment — what if Russia and the United States became embroiled in an all-out nuclear war? Climatologist Alan Robock from Rutgers University studied that scenario, outlined the terrifying vision in a recent Fox News interview. People inside the blast radius would be obliterated — but almost every form of life on Earth, down to ocean life, would also feel the pain. "A nuclear bomb is like bringing a piece of the sun to the surface of the earth for a fraction of a second, and everything within a certain distance would just flash into fire," Robock told Fox News. "In Hiroshima, there was a bomb that was 15 kilotons of explosive power, and everything within several square miles just burned and produced smoke." All that smoke would end up filling the stratosphere, blocking out the sun for more than five years, according to Robock. "The temperatures would be colder, there’d be less sunlight, less rain and there’d be excess UV radiation because the ozone would be destroyed," he told the channel. In a 2019 paper published in the American Geophysical Union's journal, Robock and his team predicted that a nuclear war would cause global temperatures to drop by 9 degrees Celsius over a year, with "freezing temperatures over much of the Northern Hemisphere during summer." Less sunlight and cold temperatures would end up wreaking havoc on our food supply. "Once the stores ran out of food and the food that was stored disappeared, it’d be very hard to get food," Robock told Fox News. And it gets worse: the oceans would get hit hard as well, as outlined in a January paper co-authored by Robock and published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters. More carbon dioxide absorbed from the atmosphere means the oceans would become more acidic, dissolving the shells and skeletons of shellfish and corals. READ MORE: What happens in a nuclear apocalypse? [Fox News] More on nuclear winter: This Video Shows Horrifying Devastation of US-Russia Nuclear War Share This Article 
Earlier this month, Canadian researchers announced they'd discovered a powerful radio signal, emanating from a distant galaxy in bursts every 16 days. And Avi Loeb, the chair of Harvard University's astronomy department, told Futurism this week that he thinks one possibility is that the signals are coming from an alien civilization. To be clear, Loeb also acknowledged that the signals — "fast radio bursts," or FRBs — could be generated by young neutron stars called magnetars, or by another, yet-undiscovered natural phenomenon. "But at the moment we do not have a smoking gun that clearly indicates the nature of FRBs," he wrote in an email. "So all possibilities should be considered, including an artificial origin." One concrete possibility, he said, is an extraterrestrial civilization using a beam of energy to propel cargo through space — and that the Canadian researchers picking up radiation leaking away from it. Loeb pointed out that he previously examined that concept in a 2017 paper, however, and found that the energy required to move cargo with energy beams would be absolutely staggering. In fact, he said, such a beam would require about as much energy as the entirety of sunlight that hits the Earth. "This would require a huge engineering project, far more ambitious than we currently have on Earth," he wrote. "So the main technological challenge is in the huge power that the radio beam need[s] to carry." The Canadian researchers themselves acknowledged, in a followup press release about the findings, that "non-professionals have suggested they are messages from aliens." Loeb, though, thinks the possibility is worth seriously considering — in addition, of course, to natural causes. He also pointed out that different FRBs could conceivably be caused by different phenomena. This isn't the first SETI story Loeb has waded into. In 2018, for instance, he suggested that the interstellar object 'Oumuama might be an alien probe. "An advanced technological civilization is a good approximation to God," he told the New Yorker at the time. "Suppose you took a cell phone and showed it to a caveperson. The caveperson would say it was a nice rock. The caveperson is used to rocks. So now imagine this object — ‘Oumuamua— being the iPhone and us being the cave people." Share This Article 
Every atom in the universe likes heat. They like heat so much that atoms and subatomic particles vibrate and move around when they’re hot. The hotter they are, the faster they move. Along these same lines, the colder they are, the slower they move. In fact, at absolute zero (0 Kelvin, −273°C, or −460°F), all movements from atoms completely stop. You can't get colder than that. It’s like trying to go south from the South Pole or north from the North Pole; not only won't it happen, it can't. The hottest thing that we know of (and have seen) is actually a lot closer than you might think. It's right here on Earth at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). When they smash gold particles together, for a split second, the temperature reaches 7.2 trillion degrees Fahrenheit. That’s hotter than a supernova explosion. Theoretically, yes. The first contender for the hottest temperature is the Planck Temperature, which equals 100 million million million million million degrees, or 1032 K. You just can't put this kind of temperature into perspective. There's simply no way to wrap your head around this number. Saying that 1032 K is hot is like saying that the universe takes up some space. This is as hot as you can get in normal physics because, once it gets any hotter, conventional physics just doesn’t work. Weird things happen. Gravitational force becomes as strong as the three other natural forces (electromagnetism and the strong and weak nuclear forces), and they merge together into one unified force. Understanding how this happens is referred to as the “theory of everything”—the holy grail of modern theoretical physics...something that we currently don't understand. The Hagedorn temperature is the highest temperature that we think we could actually reach. This is the point at which hadronic matter (all the normal, ordinary matter in the universe) is no longer stable and utterly breaks down. We reach this point at about 2 x 1012 K. Notably, some theoretical physicists posit that, at this point, hadronic matter doesn't "evaporate" but, instead, transitions into quark matter, which can then be further heated. However, quark matter is a theoretical phases, and we aren't sure if it actually exists. Another contestant for the hottest temperature in the universe comes courtesy of string theorists, who say that the hottest temperature is 1030 K, a little cooler than the contestant above. This is because string theorists believe that the most basic things in the universe aren’t the normal particles that we are all familiar with, but vibrating strings, which have a different Hagedorn temperature than hadrons. Unfortunately, it is impossible to test the predictions made by string theorists (and a lot of other predictions that exist at such extremes). As a result, we don't know exactly what the highest temperature really is. But those mentioned above are the best contenders, according to physicists. Share This Article 
It’s almost Valentine’s Day, and you know what that means: it’s time to prove your love to your significant other through the power of cutting edge technology. And here we have a breakdown of several of the best toys, gadgets, and wearables that can enhance even the most jaded, calcified love connections. So take a look at some of our favorite Valentine's Day gifts for 2020. From naughty to nice, there's something for everyone.  It’s an unfortunate fact of modern life that social media has made long distance relationships more prevalent than ever before. But whether you’re separated by the cold expanse of the Internet or some other temporary circumstance, a pair of Bond Touch bracelets can make you feel almost as if you’re right next to that special far-away someone. Basically, if you and your better half are both wearing these bracelets, you can “touch” each other with a gentle vibration no matter where you are in the world. It works in conjunction with the Bond Touch app, so you never have to miss a touch!  Look, not every moment in a relationship is devoted to physical connection and romance. And the same is true for Valentine's Day gifts. Sometimes you just have to goof off with a pair of chopsticks, and with ChopSabers you can do just that in the coolest possible way. ChopSabers are LED light-up chopsticks with a visual design clearly inspired by a certain massively popular science-fiction fantasy franchise. I don’t know if chopsticks exist in the Star Wars universe, but if they do, maybe the Jedi have some that look like this.  Once the ChopSabers are in the sink, it’s time for the real reason for the Valentine’s Day season to begin. For that, the folks at PJ Play & Joy have developed these MOJUMOJO Invisilube Capsule Beads, made from 100-percent safe medical grade silicone oil that is, in their words, “EASY TO GET OFF.” Good to know!  The We-Vibe Sync is a high-tech sexual stimulator that was made specifically with couples in mind. The powerful, silent, compact device has over ten vibration modes to chose from. But what sets it apart is the fact that it can be completely controlled from anywhere in the world with Internet access (via a free app). You can also set it up to play along to the beat of your favorite music, or use the built-in "touch mode" for real-time control. It's perfect for couples in long-distance relationships, or anyone looking to spice up their love life. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Scientist Jonathan Pruitt become a notable figure in the field of behavioral ecology for reporting evidence that spiders have personalities. But he may now be making the transition from "notable" to "notorious." As part of a growing academic scandal, peer-reviewed journals have retracted seven papers co-authored by Pruitt. That's not all. His collaborators have requested retractions for five additional papers, and they're considering asking journals to retract five others, including the personality one — all because Pruitt allegedly fabricated the data he collected for the papers. The wave of retractions began when a colleague alerted behavioral ecologist Kate Laskowski about unexpected duplications in data used for a paper she co-authored with Pruitt. Once Laskowski dug into the data, she discovered that only 27 percent of the recorded observations didn't appear to be duplicated elsewhere in the data set. Essentially, it looked like Pruitt had repeatedly taken the data he gathered for one spider and used it for multiple other spiders. When Laskowski was unable to explain the suspicious pattern, she called for the paper's retraction — and then the retraction of another paper she co-wrote with Pruitt following the discovery of similar anomalies. Pruitt currently conducts research at McMaster University, supported by a $350,000 annual grant from the Canadian government. On Friday, Nature reported that the school had confirmed the launch of a formal investigation into the allegations that Pruitt fabricated data. Pruitt hasn't commented on that, but he did speak with Science Magazine in late January. "Each morning when I woke up, there was a different anonymous email taking issue with a different dataset and a different paper," he said at the time, adding, "Do they think I was just copying and pasting a spreadsheet? I don’t think I would do that." READ MORE: "Avalanche" of spider-paper retractions shakes behavioural-ecology community [Nature] More on retractions: Gene-Hacked Mosquito Researchers Are Battling Amongst Themselves Share This Article 
In 2016, Jang Ji-sung's seven-year-old daughter Nayeon died of an incurable disease. Three years later, the South Korean mother was reunited with Nayeon — sort of — in a virtual world created for a televised documentary. On Thursday, the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation shared a clip from the special documentary, titled "I Met You," on its YouTube page, with the footage cutting between the "real world" and the virtual one. In the former setting, Jang stands in front of a massive green screen while wearing both a VR headset and what appear to be some sort of haptic gloves. In the latter, she and her daughter talk, hold hands, and even have a birthday party complete with a lit cake. The VR reunion is, as you might expect, extremely emotional. Jang appears to begin crying the moment she sees the virtual Nayeon, while the rest of the family — Nayeon's father, brother, and sister — watch the reunion unfold with somber expressions and the occasional tear. "Maybe it's a real paradise," Jang said of the reunion in VR, according to Aju Business Daily. "I met Nayeon, who called me with a smile, for a very short time, but it's a very happy time. I think I've had the dream I've always wanted." According to Aju Business Daily, the production team spent eight months on the project. They designed the virtual park after one the mother and daughter had visited in the real world, and used motion capture technology to record the movements of a child actor that they could later use as a model for their virtual Nayeon. All that to say: the process might not be simple and the final product might not be perfect, but we now have the technology to recreate the dead in VR — convincingly enough to move their loved ones to tears. And the implications of that are impossible to predict. It may have taken an entire team of experts to produce "I Met You," but how far can we be from a platform that lets anyone upload footage of a deceased love one and then interact with a virtual version of that person? Years? Months? And what sort of impact will that have on the grieving process? Will seeing a loved one in VR help people find closure and move on following a death? Will some people become addicted to this virtual world, spending more and more time in it and less and less in the real one? And will it stop with VR? Or is this just the first step to androids designed to mimic our dead loved ones in both appearance and personality, like in the "Black Mirror" episode Be Right Back? Several startups are setting the groundwork for that future, compiling data about people both living and dead so they can create "digital avatars" of those people. Other companies are already building robot clones of real people. The key to a VR reunion being a positive thing — that is, more like a twenty-first century take on flipping through a photo album and less like that "Black Mirror" episode — appears to be in the living person fully accepting their loved one's death. "Since you know the person is gone, you accept the virtual equivalent for what it is — a comforting vestige," Princeton neuroscientist Michael Graziano told Dell Technologies in December. "There is nothing wrong or unethical about it." Perhaps regulation is necessary. Rather than letting startups offer the public the chance to interact with virtual versions of their dead loved ones — undoubtedly at a cost — maybe we can make the technology available only to people who've submitted to a screening with a psychologist. It's hard to say what might work as the opportunity to interact with convincing versions of the deceased in VR is decidedly uncharted territory — but now that we've officially entered that arena, we have a lot of questions we need to answer as soon as possible. Editor's Note, 2/07/20: This article was updated to correct the name of the broadcaster that aired the documentary. READ MORE: Sorrow-stricken mother reunites with deceased daughter in virtual world [Aju Business Daily] More on clones: A Russian Startup Is Selling Robot Clones of Real People Share This Article 
At the start of the year, a lot of people resolved to read more books and learn new things in an effort to enrich their lives and become well-rounded citizens of the 21st century. Unfortunately, by now, most of them have learned that following through on that resolution was easier said than done. There are so many important books and ideas out there, and it’s very difficult to carve large blocks of time out of your already busy life. But what if there was a way to condense all these books and ideas into a format that was easier for the average person to consume? Well, now there is thanks to a company called 12min and their game-changing 12min Microbook Library. 12min has a team of experts that reads and analyzes all the best, most inspiring, insightful, thought-provoking, and influential non-fiction books, distilling them down to their key concepts and fundamental ideas. The 12min team then synthesizes these concepts and ideas into what they call a microbook, which provides an efficient and impactful summary of the original that you can consume in about 12 minutes. 12min microbooks are designed to accelerate learning so you can rapidly read more, expand your horizons, and develop new skills despite the time constraints of a busy lifestyle. There are literally hundreds of amazing non-fiction titles to choose from, covering a vast range of topics from the most influential authors, with new titles added every single day. And all of them are available in downloadable text and audio format. That means you can learn about effective management strategies while running on the treadmill, question our dependence on social media while riding the subway, or ponder the nature of existence while waiting for your kid’s piano lesson to finish. Some examples of the titles you’ll find in the 12min Microbook Library include The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck by Mark Manson, The Ascent of Money by Niall Ferguson, The Social Animal by David Brooks, Freakonomics by Stephen Dubner and Steven Levitt, The Art of War by Sun Tzu, Brief Answers to the Big Questions by Stephen Hawking, Outliers by Malcolm Gladwell, Becoming by Michelle Obama, Being and Nothingness by Jean-Paul Sartre, and Moneyball by Michael Lewis.  So, how much is a subscription to the 12min Microbook Library? This is the best part. If you subscribe through the 12min website, a one-year subscription will cost you $69.30, which is actually a pretty fair price considering what you get in return. However, right now you can get a lifetime subscription through Stack Social for just $39. This package gives you 24/7 access to the entire 12min library, plus all the services and features they offer, forever. The 12min Microbook Library is a revolutionary new way to read more and familiarize yourself with important books and ideas that are shaping our world. So if one of your personal goals for the decade ahead is to broaden your mind, you’d be crazy not to click here and take advantage of this limited time offer. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
It’s probably not something you want to think about, but sometimes the truth hurts. Chances are your sheets, towels, and pillowcases are swimming with bacteria and all kinds of other microbes – even if you’re washing them once a week. While that information might not be pleasant to hear, there is a way to help fight this problem: using Miracle Brand bedding and towels by Aloft. The secret of Miracle Brand products comes from anti-microbial silver, which is woven into everything under the Miracle Brand and kills off some 99 percent of bacteria. These bacteria-blocking properties mean that your new Miracle pillowcases, sheets, and towels will stay clean longer – they can be washed as much as three times less often than products made with traditional materials. The silver makes Miracle products essentially self-cleaning and self-sanitizing. So if you’re interested in giving Miracle a try, here are a few products that can get you started: If you’re less concerned about microbes on your towels than your bed sheets, you might think about just getting a Signature Miracle Sheet Set. This is the basic set of Miracle brand sheets with antimicrobial silver and a thread count of 480. And if you’re worried you’ll have to sacrifice comfort for cleanliness, worry no more, because Miracle bed sheets are cool, breathable, and soft. BUT, if you put an especially high premium on comfort, Miracle has a set of bed sheets and pillowcases that are sure to meet even the most exacting comfort standards. Miracle’s Extra Luxe sheets are made with the same antimicrobial silver as Miracle’s Signature sheets. But they’re also made with American-grown Supima cotton and a thread count of 620. They’re expressly engineered for “an ultra-luxurious, smooth, and silky feel." A queen-sized set of two pillowcases, a fitted sheet, and a flat sheet is included.  Two pillow cases, two bed sheets, and a complete towel set (that’s two bath towels, two hand towels, and two washcloths), all bundled together make up the Miracle Home Bundle. It's an especially good bargain, since you save about 25 percent by purchasing them this way, as opposed to buying the items individually. And you get the same bundle discount at whichever mattress size you buy. So if you’re tired of sharing your bed with millions of microscopic organisms invisible to the naked eye, head over to Miracle’s official site and stock up on everything you need. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If one of your New Year’s resolutions was to spend less time passively staring at screens and more time doing things that actually enrich your life, it might be time to take up a hobby. And if you love science and technology, you won’t find a better hobby than these monthly Arduino projects from Creation Crate. Creation Crate is a monthly subscription box service that sends you kits so you can build cool gadgets using open-source Arduino microcontroller boards. These kits are designed to teach electronics and coding, but in a fun and engaging way that provides a foundational understanding of how it all works. Every new project is slightly harder than the last and builds on the skills you’ve learned. And absolutely everything you need comes in the box, including an Uno R3 Arduino board, written instructions, and a password that gives you access to Creation Crate’s online tutorials. Of course, there are plenty of practical reasons why you’d want to learn coding and electronics. Learning new things is always good, but coding in particular is an essential skill for the 21st century job market, which is why you’re seeing it incorporated into STEM curriculums in school boards across the country. Coding and engineering have also been shown to instill a number of valuable life skills and educational habits, including problem solving, creativity, empathy, and resilience. But most importantly, for anybody who loves technology, building gadgets is just plain fun. One of the coolest things about Creation Crate is that it is specifically designed for enthusiasts of all ages. Though they officially recommend their kits for anyone age 12 and up, kids under 12 might be able to work on some of the projects with the help of their parents. That means Creation Crate is a hobby the whole family can do together—if you don’t mind sharing. Creation Crate’s core curriculum consists of 12 unique projects that teach you the basics of coding and electronics. These are the kits you’ll receive when you become a subscriber. They include a color-changing mood lamp, a memory game, an LED dice game, an optical theremin that let you create music by waving your hands, a distance detector that uses an ultrasonic sensor, a reflex game that lets you test your reflexes against you friends, and a digital lockbox that lets you secure personal items with a pin or password. Creation Crate offers four subscription options. With the basic Monthly Subscription you’ll receive a new kit every month and be billed when it ships. Since you can cancel at any time, this is a great option for those who want to see what Creation Crate is all about. However, because so many customers complete their projects right away and can’t wait to start the next one, Creation Crate also has subscription options that give you multiple projects at once. With the Creation Crate Quarterly Subscription you’ll receive three kits at once, shipped and billed every three months. This plan comes with a component case as free bonus gift, to help you keep all your parts organized. With the Creation Crate Semi-Annual Subscription you’ll receive six kits at once, shipped and billed every six months. It comes with the component case plus a digital multimeter, a tool that measures voltage, current, and resistance. With the Creation Crate Annual Subscription, you receive all 12 projects at once, so you can work on them at your own pace. In addition to the digital multimeter, the Annual Subscription also comes an upgraded extra large component case and a soldering kit. Whether you’re looking to foster a love of science and engineering in a child, or you’re just looking for a cool new hobby for yourself, you really can’t go wrong Creation Crate. Head on over to their website and take a more detailed look at their subscription options today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
12Although you may be certain that the daily vitamins you're taking are helping you live a healthier lifestyle, studies suggest the opposite might be true. Although the supplements you're taking may not be hurting your physical health, they're not necessarily bolstering, it either. That's because they aren't truly personalized to what your body needs. When it comes to vitamins and supplements, there tends to be a one-size-fits-all approach that incentivizes companies to pump their supplements with unnatural ingredients and unneeded fillers. And even if traditional vitamin manufacturers wanted to make personalized vitamins, they are missing key data sources - your DNA. However, thanks to Rootine Vitamins, that's no longer the case. Rootine Vitamins differ from other companies because they customize your supplements using not only information about your lifestyle and diet but also the results of a DNA test. The scientists at Rootine compress data taken from your DNA test and cross-reference it with a short intake quiz you answer about your lifestyle and habits. If you already have your DNA test information, you simply send it in with the intake quiz and wait for Rootine to formulate a personalized daily vitamin customized for your genetic profile. And surprisingly, it's very affordable, coming in at only $2 a day. As you and your body change with age, all you need to do to update your Rootine Vitamins is submit new samples so the scientists at Rootine can tweak your personalized formula as necessary. It's just that simple. Each vitamin pack contains up to 18 of the following nutrients, but the ratio is fine-tuned especially for the needs of your specific genetic makeup:  And if you tend to avoid supplements because they're hard-to-swallow or hurt your stomach, Rootine developed their product with you in mind. Each daily vitamin pack is made up of easy-to-swallow microbeads that can be mixed with water, your food, or even your breakfast smoothie. This is possible thanks to over a decade of research by the geniuses on the Rootine team. They created a unique algorithm that analyzes your genetic data to determine exactly what goes into each microbead and at what dosage. This way you're never taking anything you don't need or that can be harmful to your overall health. Not only that, but  Rootine Vitamins are made-to-order using 100-percent vegetarian ingredients. Thanks to the precision with which these vitamins are formulated, you're never taking anything you don't want, or that your body doesn't need. All you need to do to optimize your health is simply remember to take them. To kick off this process take Rootine's free lifestyle quiz. In less than five minutes, you'll provide the scientists at Rootine with the information necessary to help you fine-tune your body with the best daily vitamins option available. So click here to get started with Rootine Vitamins today. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
On Monday, Democrats gathered at more than 1,600 sites in Iowa to pledge their support for the various candidates for the United States presidency, marking the first major contest of the 2020 primary season. And we still don't know who won — because the Iowa Democratic Party's (IDP) use of an app to report its caucus results was an epic fail. Here's how the app was supposed to work. Caucus leaders would compile the results from their sites, then use the smartphone app to submit the results to the central party instead of calling them in via phone, like they've done in the past. Seems simple enough. But the IDP didn't announce any results Monday night. And Tuesday morning, IDP chair Troy Price released a statement explaining why. "As precinct caucus results started coming in, the IDP ran them through an accuracy and quality check," he wrote. "It became clear that there were inconsistencies with the reports." While some party members began manually compiling the results, the IDP launched an investigation into the inconsistencies, Price continued. "As part of our investigation, we determined with certainty that the underlying data collected via the app was sound," he wrote. "While the app was recording data accurately, it was reporting out only partial data. We have determined that this was due to a coding issue in the reporting system. This issue was identified and fixed." Price insisted that the app was not hacked and said the IDP expected to announced the caucus results at some point on Tuesday. But his explanation for the delay — inconsistent results — seemingly contradicts the experiences of several caucus leaders, who said they had trouble reporting their results in the first place. "The app didn't work. Things didn't work out right. I've been trying to call for several hours to report my results," Des Moines County Democratic Party Co-Chairman Tom Courtney told NPR. "And I can't get through the phone. It's a phone number and I can't get through. That number is constantly busy." "I gave up on the app," another caucus organizer wrote in an email chain obtained by NBC News. The fact that the app was ineffective is bad enough — but the way the IDP went about building and testing it might be even worse. First, there's the fact that the firm the IDP chose to develop the app, Shadow Inc., doesn't exactly seem like the sort of unbiased third-party you'd want building an app for an important election. Not only has the firm received payments from the campaigns of at least two candidates in the presidential race — Pete Buttegieg and Joe Biden — but it was also started by veterans of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. Clinton herself has been outspoken in her disdain for candidate Bernie Sanders. Oh, and just to make the whole thing even more sketchy, according to a New York Times report, the IDP instructed those who knew about Shadow's involvement in the app's development to keep it a secret from election officials. And all that aside, the IDP also doesn't seem very competent at developing software. "This app has never been used in any real election or tested at a statewide scale and it’s only been contemplated for use for two months now," David Jefferson, a computer scientist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, told the NYT. Christopher C. Krebs, the director of the Homeland Security Department’s cybersecurity agency, added that the agency hadn't vetted or evaluated the app prior to its use in the Iowa caucus. In short: the whole situation was a huge debacle. But if there's a lesson to be learned from it, it might be best summed up by a statement J. Alex Halderman, a professor of computer science at the University of Michigan, made to the NYT: "This is an urgent reminder of why online voting is not ready for prime time." READ MORE: Iowa Democratic Party Blames 'Coding Issue' In App Reporting System For Results Delay [NPR] More on politics: New Law Makes It Illegal to Distribute Political Deepfakes Share This Article 
Earlier in January, an international team of researchers announced the discovery of dust grains five to seven billion years old in a meteorite that landed in Australia in 1969. That makes the grains the oldest solid materials ever found on Earth — with an age that predates even our solar system itself by around two billion years. Now, just weeks later, a different team of researchers has announced the discovery of presolar materials in a separate meteorite — and this one also landed on Earth in 1969, but on the opposite side of the planet. For this new study, published in Nature Astronomy on Monday, a team led by Washington University in St. Louis physicist Olga Pravdivtseva analyzed part of the Allende meteorite, which landed in Chihuahua, Mexico, in 1969. Specifically, the team looked at an inclusion — a material trapped within a mineral during its formation — in the Allende meteorite known as Curious Marie. That analysis led to the discovery of presolar grains, which came as a surprise to the team. "Following our current understanding of solar system formation," Pravdivtseva said in a news release, "presolar grains could not survive in the environment where these inclusions are formed." While, clearly, this isn't the first time researchers have discovered presolar grains in meteorites — the study from earlier this month wasn't even the first time — it does change what scientists thought they knew about the grains. It also illustrates how scientists are coming up with multiple novel ways to detect the grains. While Pravdivtseva's team relied on two in-house mass spectrometers for its research, the team behind the earlier study used data from NASA's Voyager 1 probe to date its presolar grains. Ultimately, these new studies show how scientific advances are enabling us to glean new insights from old meteorites — and how those insights can inform our understanding of both Earth's solar system and what came before it. "There is so much about conditions in the early solar system we can learn by studying these objects in detail," Pravdivtseva told Vice. "Whatever we learn adds more dimensions and details to the whole picture." READ MORE: Scientists Are Rapidly Finding Weird Materials Older Than the Solar System on Earth [Vice] More on meteorites: NASA Says It Found Building Blocks of Life in Fallen Meteorites Share This Article 
As we beam our existence out into the universe, we're making a bold assumption that any aliens who pick it up won’t use their superior technology to kill us all. That's a cautionary point in "The Contact Paradox," a rousing new essay collection about the search for extraterrestrial intelligence — better known as SETI — from Astronomy Now editor Keith Cooper. There's a sense that SETI is already old. It began, in fits and starts, shortly after the invention of radio technology in the early 1900s, with more concentrated efforts spinning up around 1980 with the help of visionaries including Carl Sagan. But investment in SETI projects continues around the world, with ever more cosmic listening devices brought online, along with new computing tools to search the data they collect. But despite building increasingly powerful radio telescopes, according to Cooper's wide review of literature and subject matter experts, there are mind-bending assumptions that underlie many SETI projects — and which complicate their potential for success. Surely, goes one optimistic line of thought, it would be to humanity’s benefit to find benevolent alien species among the stars. They could share a great cache of knowledge with us, and more fundamentally just let us know that we aren't alone in a cold universe — ideas that tend to assume, in one form or another, that advanced civilizations become morally pure. But, on the other hand, belligerent or self-interested extraterrestrials could just wipe us the fuck out. "Even if one could detect a pattern of increasingly moral enlightenment in human history, it would still be dangerous to extrapolate that into the future," University of Oxford's Future of Humanity Institute director Nick Bostrom told Cooper. "In fact I think that argument to be extremely weak, but I would imagine that it is what underpins some people's optimism about technologically advanced civilisations." Cooper also details some of the many other reasons that finding intelligent life could prove to be difficult. Apart from space simply being massive — even at the speed of light, our radio waves have only traveled about 100 light-years outward from Earth — we also assume we’ll recognize intelligence when we see it. Alien life may be so, well, alien that we might be incapable of perceiving it at all. In fact, some have even speculated aliens could be on Earth already, unbeknownst to us. "The Contact Paradox" challenges us to rethink those assumptions and many more — and ultimately makes the case that one interpretation of SETI is to probe our own relationship with the universe. "The stars are a mirror and, when we gaze up at them, if we look closely enough, we see our reflection staring back," Cooper wrote. "Study that reflection and we may learn something about ourselves." Share This Article 
The diamondback moth is a huge pest. It eats a variety of crops, but is largely resistant to insecticides, resulting in upwards of $5 billion in losses every year. That could soon change, though, as an international team of researchers has created a strain of genetically engineered diamondback moths that could suppress the pest population in a sustainable way — and they just released them into the wild for the first time. For the study, published Wednesday in the journal Frontiers in Bioengineering and Biotechnology, the researchers engineered the moths so that when the males of the strain mated with wild females, the female offspring would die during the caterpillar life stage. The male offspring, however, would survive and mate with the remaining female moths, repeating the cycle with their offspring until the overall population is reduced. "Our research builds on the sterile insect technique for managing insects that was developed back in the 1950s," researcher Anthony Shelton of Cornell University said in a news release, adding that "using genetic engineering is simply a more efficient method to get to the same end." Before releasing the modified insects into the wild, the researchers marked them with a fluorescent powder. This allowed the team to track the moths to see how they'd behave in relation to their wild counterparts — and they were pleased with what they saw. "When released into a field, the self-limiting male insects behaved similarly to their non-modified counterparts in terms of factors that are relevant to their future application in crop protection, such as survival and distance travelled," Shelton said in the news release. Of course, the release of any genetically engineered organism into the wild brings with it a slew of concerns. The introduction of an altered species could have some unforeseen impact on the species itself or the greater ecosystem. But Shelton pushed back against those concerns. "What is unique about this technology is that it is species-specific, so the released diamondback male moths only mate with female diamondback moths and do not affect other beneficial organisms in the field, such as pollinators or beneficial biological control insects," Shelton told Futurism. "This technology will not eliminate the pest species because the gene disappears from the environment after a few generations," Shelton added. "Diamondback moths will continue to survive in other fields and on wild hosts." READ MORE: First release of genetically engineered moth could herald new era of crop protection [Frontiers] More on genetic engineering: Gene-Hacked Mosquito Researchers Are Battling Amongst Themselves Share This Article 
While some researchers search for biological signs of life beyond Earth, others are scouring the cosmos for technosignatures — evidence of the kind of technological activity we might expect from an advanced alien civilization. This evidence could take a range of forms. It might be a series of radio signals, signs of pollution in an exoplanet's atmosphere, or even an engineered structure. A new study suggests, however, that we might want to think twice about using artificial intelligence to help in our hunt for technosignatures — because it could trick us into thinking we see signs of aliens where none exist. Here's an example of how it could go down. In 2015, NASA's Dawn spacecraft spotted several bright spots in the crater Occator on the dwarf planet Ceres. That led to some speculation that the spots could be signs of alien life, but they were later determined to be caused by salt deposits. While looking at the Occator images, researchers from Spain's University of Cadiz noticed geometric patterns, which are another potential sign of an alien civilization. That inspired them to conduct a study to see whether an artificial vision system would identify the same potential technosignatures in planetary images as humans did. "[W]e saw it as an opportunity to confront human intelligence with artificial intelligence in a cognitive task of visual perception," researcher Gabriel G. De la Torre said in a news release, "not just a routine task, but a challenging one with implications bearing on the search for extraterrestrial life (SETI), no longer based solely on radio waves." At the start of the study, which was published in the journal Acta Astronautica, the team asked 163 volunteers, none of whom had any astronomy training, to look at images of Occator and tell them what they saw. They then had an AI that had been trained to identify squares and triangles in photos analyze the images as well. "Both people and artificial intelligence detected a square structure in the images, but the AI also identified a triangle," De la Torre said, "and when the triangular option was shown to humans, the percentage of persons claiming to see it also increased significantly." In reality, the triangle shape was likely just a mix of shadows and light and not anything alien, according to De la Torre. But the fact that the study's volunteers could "see" the triangle after it was pointed out by the AI could mean that machines will do little more than convolute the search for technosignatures — by convincing us that we see signs of aliens where none exist. READ MORE: AI could deceive us as much as the human eye does in the search for extraterrestrials [SINC] More on alien technosignatures: NASA Is Looking for New Ways to Detect Alien Technology Share This Article 
A team of Stanford and Caltech scientists attached low-power microelectronics to the undersides of jellyfish to create "biohybrid robots" that swim three times as fast as normal ones. The idea is to one day allow "cyborg jellyfish," equipped with sensors, to explore the vast depths of our planet's oceans — rather than relying on unwieldy and inefficient submarines, Scientific American reports. In a trial, the scientists were capable of using electrical jolts from microelectronic controllers to make jellyfish swim not only faster but also more efficiently, according to a paper published in Science Advances today. "We've shown that they're capable of moving much faster than they normally do, without an undue cost on their metabolism," said co-author and Stanford bioengineering PhD candidate Nicole Xu, in a statement. "This reveals that jellyfish possess an untapped ability for faster, more efficient swimming," Xu added. "They just don't usually have a reason to do so." Thanks to the simplicity of the design, the electronics use orders of magnitude less external power per mass than other aquatic robots, according to the paper. The jellyfish cyborgs could revolutionize the way we explore the mysteries of the planet's oceans. To do that, the researchers are already looking to take their project a step further by adding controls, using only a few modifications to the microelectronics. "If we can find a way to direct these jellyfish and also equip them with sensors to track things like ocean temperature, salinity, oxygen levels, and so on, we could create a truly global ocean network where each of the jellyfish robots costs a few dollars to instrument and feeds themselves energy from prey already in the ocean," said lead author and Caltech mechanical engineer John Dabiri. READ MORE: Cyborg Jellyfish Could One Day Explore the Ocean [Scientific American] More on cyborgs: This Biohacker Conference Sounds Absolutely Outrageous Share This Article 
A British theoretical physicist has developed a theory that could solve one of the universe's biggest mysteries: why its rate of expansion is accelerating rather than slowing down, as predicted by the known laws of physics. The theory, known as "massive gravity," would modify Einstein’s theory of general relativity to account for this rate disparity. And the physicist behind it, Claudia de Rham of Imperial College London, just received a $100,000 award to continue developing it. Currently, the best explanation scientists have for how our known universe came into being centers on the idea of a Big Bang that sent particles flying out from a single point. Those particles eventually formed atoms, and then molecules, planets, stars, and, well, everything. Based on Einstein’s theory of general relativity, the gravitational forces of all these objects should gradually tug at the universe, slowing down its rate of expansion. But by 1998, scientists realized that not only was the rate of expansion not slowing down, it was actually speeding up. They had no idea why, though, so they attributed the acceleration to an unseen force they dubbed "dark energy." De Rham's massive gravity theory eliminates the need for dark energy by making a change to Einstein’s theory of general relativity: instead of assuming that gravitons, the hypothetical particles responsible for the force of gravity, are massless, as Einstein did, she suggests that they do have some mass. As she explained to The Guardian, this would allow gravity itself to fulfill the role currently attributed to dark energy. De Rham wasn't the first to attempt to create a working model of massive gravity theory. But in 2011, she and her colleagues published a paper on it that has since gained traction, leading to subsequent research and her receipt of the Blavatnik Award for Young Scientists last week. She is now hopeful that advances in gravitational wave astronomy will make it possible to test the predictions of massive gravity theory within the decade. "It would be amazing if it was shown to be right," De Rham told The Guardian. "That may or may not happen, but what will happen is that we’ll have a much better fundamental understanding of gravity and that’s just something so deep, it’s one of the big questions today." READ MORE: Has physicist's gravity theory solved 'impossible' dark energy riddle? [The Guardian] More on dark energy: Scientists Boot up New Device to Map the Universe’s Dark Energy Share This Article 
Disclaimer: This article was originally published on the Arabic version of the Futurism website, Mostaqbal. It has been edited for clarity and length. Futurism partners with, and receives funding from, the Dubai Future Foundation. As a part of its digital transformation efforts, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) has capitalized on blockchain technology to transform government transactions on the federal level. Almost every sector of the UAE – from energy to media – is exploring blockchain and distributed ledger technology. Spearheaded by the launch of the Dubai Blockchain Strategy in 2016 and the Emirates Blockchain Strategy in 2018, the UAE government has taken active steps towards advancing the technology nationwide by creating new industries, pushing for wider government adoption, and creating an international platform where cities worldwide can collaborate. The Emirates Blockchain Strategy 2021 focuses on four main themes: happiness of citizens and residents, elevating government efficiency, advanced legislation, and international leadership. Together with the World Economic Forum, the UAE hopes to continue shaping the trajectory of blockchain deployment by using the best methods and minimizing the risks for the deployment of the technology. Here's just some of what the UAE has learned from blockchain implementation over the last four years. DP World – a world leader in global supply chain solutions that operates in 46 countries – specializes in cargo logistics, port terminal operations, maritime services and more. The shipping and logistics industry remains slow to change and is still heavily dependent on complex paperwork for managing goods and financial settlements. DP World has been actively exploring new solutions and technologies to address these challenges, including the ability to easily share data and automate processes through open APIs and smart contracts. The company’s goals were the easing of the customer registration process, and the digitization and securing of trade documentation. The implementation of blockchain technology in the company’s workflow has yielded many benefits, including providing a single-window into all processes which have helped eliminate duplicate processes across organizations. It has also maintained close communications and fostered positive relationships with the engaged parties. Emirates Airlines is the world’s largest international airline with a global network of 159 destinations in 85 countries across 6 continents. The company wanted to explore the potential of using blockchain to enhance its Skywards loyalty program by reducing the time and cost of on-boarding loyalty partners. On the technical side, the goal was not to replace existing architecture, but to augment it. Partners would continue to use their existing software but connect via blockchain to leverage the benefit of a shared ledger for payment management. After demonstrating the value of the application, the decision was made to proceed with a full rollout of the solution in March 2019. Since moving to production, the project has yielded several positive results. It has led to greater transparency between Emirates Skywards and its partners, enhanced security, and a decrease in fraud. Emirates NBD – a leading banking group in the Middle East, ranked as one of the largest by assets – set out to explore ways in which it could apply the technology to create real impact at scale. In 2016, it tested blockchain for cross-border transactions and trade finance documentation in partnership with ICICI Bank in India. Afterwards, the Emirates NBD team decided to use blockchain to tackle the size-able challenge of cheque fraud. In the first month of launch alone in early 2017, Emirates NBD registered almost one million cheques on the blockchain. From January to November 2019, the network has verified over 35 million cheques. Furthermore, the bank has witnessed a 99% reduction in cheque fraud since the launch in March 2018. The concept then led the bank to create a digital financial instrument with a legal framework in place: the e-cheque. Etisalat Digital, a business unit of Etisalat, is driving the digital revolution and transformation by enabling enterprises and governments to become smarter through the use of the latest technologies. The lack of digitization and mechanisms to validate data across different banks has led to a significant risk of fraud in transactions. Small to medium enterprises trade finance through invoice discounting is a growing business that requires controls to avoid risk to lenders of duplicated invoices. It is an increasing concern as multiple banks might end up financing the same invoice, and fraudulent invoices may appear along the process, due to the lack of communication between these banks. To address this challenge of fraud where duplicate invoices have been financed, Etisalat Digital announced a new platform in June 2019, called UAE Trade Connect (UTC). UTC brought together eight major banks of the UAE. The founding members of the UTC network sought to apply blockchain as a verification layer to detect fraud in invoice financing through a shared blockchain network while maintaining the confidentiality of each bank’s client information. This has helped uncover an estimated 3.75 million fraudulent transactions in the UAE annually, representing $435 million USD in potential losses. Abu Dhabi Digital Authority (ADDA) has been developing a government blockchain platform to enable and support a secure, trusted data-exchange mechanism between Abu Dhabi government entities and any other external organizations. Throughout the project’s progression, the workflow is expected to become more streamlined between the government entities and enhance relationships between them. ADDA sees blockchain’s potential in improving government services, data-driven policies, and economic incentives, enabling a thriving data marketplace. As part of its objective to develop effective healthcare systems and continuously improve services, the Ministry of Health and Prevention identified organ donation allocation and transplants as a focus area while also aiming to prevent illegal organ trading in the UAE. As a result of this, Dhonor Healthtech was selected to develop UAE’s “Hayat” donor registry for recording individuals’ legal will as donors, using blockchain as a secure verification layer. Since its initial launch in January 2019, thousands of registered donors have recorded their will on the Hayat blockchain-based application, and all hospitals permitted to conduct transplants have been participating in the national waiting list and allocation platform. The solution is expected to save the ministry over $20 million in estimated dialysis costs per year. In addition, it saves citizens the time and economic cost of driving to registry centers during working hours, by offering donor registration on the app or online. Smart Dubai is the government office tasked with facilitating Dubai’s citywide smart transformation. Since its launch in 2003, the Dubai Smart Government has managed Dubai Pay, a centralized payment gateway for government payment collection with more than 40 public and private entities. The system enables UAE citizens, residents, visitors and businesses to pay online for Dubai government smart services. In 2018, the system conducted more than 10.4 million transactions amounting to 16 billion dirhams ($4.3 billion USD). However, each entity has its own books and records, leading to significant time and cost in cases where the bookkeeping process was largely manual. One of the most significant challenges that sparked Smart Dubai’s interest in applying blockchain was the lengthy and costly manual reconciliation and settlement process, which took up to 45 days. The Smart Dubai blockchain payment reconciliation and settlement project thus set out to create a more effective layer to address the limitations of the existing platform. As of November 2019, the majority of entities in the Dubai Pay platform have joined the blockchain platform. With the implementation of the platform, reconciliation has been cut from a 45-day process to real-time resolutions. Issues can be detected in real-time and, as a result, entities can provide more effective services or issue transaction refunds. Additionally, distributed financial records have helped the network improve the transparency and trust of the financial data between banks and entities. The main challenges to blockchain deployment remain tied to operational and regulatory questions, as opposed to technical factors. Challenges have primarily revolved around identifying the right applications of blockchain, ensuring proper education and awareness for partners involved. For the UAE, resolving some of the main challenges wouldn’t have been possible without the government playing a big role in embracing emerging technologies and emphasizing the value of innovation for advancing society. As such, the Dubai Blockchain Strategy and Emirates Blockchain Strategy played a significant role in the creation of a collaborative environment and put in place processes for the private and public sectors to work together to explore blockchain at scale. Share This Article 
Former "MythBusters" co-host Adam Savage compared himself to a kid with an early Christmas present in the intro to a newly released video for his "Tested" YouTube series. The reason? He was sitting on large crate containing Boston Dynamics' robot dog, Spot. "This is an object I have coveted for years — literally years," Savage said, adding, "Time for some adventures!" As Savage explained in the video, he and his team at "Tested" will spend the next year working with Spot, exploring the robot dog's capabilities and helping Boston Dynamics expand upon them. To that end, the first "adventure" Savage embarked upon with the robot dog took place on an outdoor obstacle course. There, he tasked the bot with climbing over rocks, crawling through tunnels, and trotting up and down stairs. Boston Dynamics' decision to "gift" Savage a Spot robot almost certainly ties into its efforts to push a "new stage of growth" focused on bringing the robot dog to market. The same day the video premiered, the company announced a new CEO, Rob Playter. It also made the Spot Software Development Kit publicly available via GitHub and announced its first developer conference, Actuate. If those efforts aren't enough to sell Spot units, having one of the most beloved figures in science and tech education shower praise upon it in a year's worth of videos might do the trick — or at least make the idea of law enforcement agencies buying the robot dog seem less terrifying to the public. "I've always thought these things were magnificent pieces of engineering every time I've seen them," Savage said in the new clip, "but actually running them through his paces makes it clear on an even deeper level what a miracle Spot is." READ MORE: Robot maker Boston Dynamics replaces CEO to prepare for 'new stage of growth' [The Verge] More on Spot: It’s Official: Police Are Testing out Boston Dynamics’ Robot Dog Share This Article 
Do want to enhance cognitive function? Improve mental clarity? Sharpen concentration? Boost memory? We all do. And technically speaking, no one of needs a cognitive nutrition supplement to do it. If we just exercise every day, eat perfectly balanced low-fat sugar-free diets packed with essential vitamins and minerals, get eight to nine hours of high-quality sleep every night, and practice meditation and mindfulness to melt away stress and anxiety on a daily basis, our brains would probably function close to maximum performance. The only problem, of course, is that modern life basically makes doing all of those things impossible. We all have to balance the demands of our careers and our personal lives, and there are only so many hours in a day. So while we don’t necessarily need a cognitive nutrition supplement to give our brains a boost, it definitely wouldn’t hurt. That’s why the scientists and entrepreneurs at TruBrain created Brain Food, an advanced nootropics supplement designed to support the biological conditions necessary for peak cognitive performance. You may have read about nootropics on this site before. But for those who haven’t, nootropics are basically nutrients, minerals, amino acids, and other compounds that the brain uses as fuel for neurotransmission. Though they are sometimes referred to as “smart drugs,’ nootropics don’t actually make you more intelligent. Instead, they just make your brain work more efficiently, thereby boosting your mental output. TruBrain was founded by a former Unilever executive and a team of UCLA neuroscientists who wanted to help everyday people be the best they could be. To accomplish this goal they created Brain Food, a scientifically formulated blend of nootropics that has been clinically proven to enhance verbal fluency and improve both memory and learning. The nootropics in Brain Food work by increasing blood flow to your brain cells, bringing more oxygen and glucose to the neurons. This increases brain cell metabolism, thereby enhancing plasticity, which is a brain cell’s ability to forge new neural connections. TruBrain’s proprietary nootropics also modulate receptors in the brain, making them more receptive. This allows for faster and more efficient communication between neurons, which results in higher brain function. And right now, Brain Food is available in both drinks and snack bars. Brain Food drinks are 1oz shots that combine TruBrain’s scientifically formulated nootropics with a refreshing blend of all-natural tropical flavors. They are intended for daily use and come in boxes of 20, 30, or 60. New customers can save 10 percent just by subscribing. You can also save an additional 10, 20, or 30 percent when you pre-order a three-, six-, or 12-month supply. Brain Food Bars are 45g snack bars designed to boost mental output and overcome stress and mental blocks—and, not to mention, satisfy your hunger. They combine TruBrain’s brain-boosting nootropics with delicious ingredients like cocoa, dates, and sea salt. Designed for the occasional snacker, Brain Food Bars come in boxes of 12 or 24. New customers can save 10 percent when they subscribe, and a box of 24 is 10 percent cheaper per bar. If you happen to find yourself in a mental rut and are struggling to cope with the stress and pressure of everyday life, don’t try to solve the problem by drinking more coffee and sugar-filled energy drinks. Instead, try feeding your brain with these scientifically advanced nootropic supplements from TruBrain. They might just change your life. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
If you are sick of being hounded by unwanted texts or robocalls, you are hardly alone. According to Swedish research firm Truecaller, the United States is the eighth-most spammed country in the world, with the average American receiving 18 spam calls every single month. In fact, despite the increased efforts of the four major cellular service providers to block unwanted robocalls and identify potential scams—not to mention the existence of the National Do Not Call Registry—the total volume of unwanted texts and phone calls is actually on the rise. Americans received 7 percent more spam calls in 2019 than they did in 2018, and a whopping 35 percent more robocalls. But it doesn’t have to be this way. You actually have the power to stop unwanted robocalls and texts thanks to a high-tech security service called Uncall. To understand how Uncall works, first you have to understand how spam and robocalling works. You see, spammers and call centers aren’t just out there dialing random phone numbers. They work from massive lists called lead sheets, which are compiled by data brokerage firms. Every time you buy something online, or sign up for a mailing list, or create a user account for some website, or click on a Facebook link, you are handing out little pieces of information about yourself. And all these little pieces of information are collected by data brokers, who piece them all together to create digital profiles, which they sell to the highest bidder. When spammers and call centers contact you using these lists, they are trying to determine if your number is promising lead for either a sale or a scam. What Uncall does is either (a) get your information off these lists, or (b) get your records flagged as “unpromising” so spammers and call centers view you as a dead end and stop contacting you.  The first thing Uncall does is perform a quick scan of the web to get a rough idea of how many lists your phone number appears on. Once you actually subscribe to their service, Uncall perform a more detailed scan so they can accurately target each network. Once Uncall figures out where your number is listed, the first thing they do is contact so-called “white hat” databases. These are firms that have collected your name and information legally. Though they are usually reluctant to remove information, they typically comply with requests to delete entries rather than face a potential legal battle. After your information is removed from these lists, Uncall continues to perform follow-up scans to make sure your information stays off their lists. After getting you removed from the legal databases, Uncall goes to work getting your number removed from the illegal ones. This, of course, is much trickier. In some cases Uncall is able to use their contacts to help get your information removed. However, in most cases they deploy tactics that get your information flagged as “bad conversion,” which tells scammers and phishers that it is not worth their time to contact you.  A lot of cyber security services charge monthly or yearly subscription fees for their protection. But not Uncall. What make them unique is that they charge a one-time fee that gives you lifetime access to their services. Uncall’s Standard Plan for individual users is just $15 per phone number. It gives you complete lifetime protection that will stop robocalls and spam texts. The service includes rescans, monthly checkups, phone diagnostics, alert notifications, speech and text analysis, risk reports, and full-service customer support. Uncall also offers an “Enterprise” plan for accounts with five or more phonez that starts at just $10 per number. Uncall works on all major mobile providers in the US, UK, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy, Portugal, and a lot more. To see what Uncall can do for you, click here to try their free rough analysis tool. If you’re looking for a way to stop robocalls and spam texts once and for all, you need to take a look at Uncall. They offer an incredible service at an absolutely unbeatable price. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
A bizarre plot involving the richest man in the world, his mistress, and the successor to the Saudi Arabian throne is currently unfolding — and it may shine new light on the savage murder of a political journalist. The story begins — more or less — in January 2019, when the National Enquirer published text messages and intimate photos sent between Amazon owner Jeff Bezos and his mistress, former news anchor Lauren Sanchez. The same day, Bezos and his then-wife MacKenzie Bezos announced their separation via a joint statement. Bezos immediately hired a team of digital forensic experts to analyze his phone and figure out how the data leaked. Two months later, one of those investigators, Gavin De Becker, wrote in an essay for The Daily Beast that the National Enquirer's parent company, American Media Inc., tried to position Sanchez's brother, Michael Sanchez, as the source of the data — but that that wasn't the conclusion Bezos' team had reached. "Our investigators and several experts concluded with high confidence that the Saudis had access to Bezos’ phone, and gained private information," De Becker wrote. What De Becker didn't share in the Daily Beast essay is how Saudi Arabia gained access to Bezos phone — but according to new reporting by The Guardian, it was none other than Saudi crown prince Mohammed bin Salman, often known as MBS, who personally set the hack in motion by sending Bezos a tainted file. Two anonymous sources told the newspaper that the hack of Bezos' phone actually took place in May 2018, one month after Bezos gave his personal number to MBS at a dinner. MBS then sent Bezos a video via his personal WhatsApp account. Within hours of the video's receipt, "large amounts of data were exfiltrated from Bezos' phone," one source told The Guardian. Now, it's hard to imagine the second most powerful man in Saudi Arabia hacked the phone of the world's richest man just because he was hoping for some steamy photos — and that's where the murder of Jamal Khashoggi fits in. Khashoggi was a U.S.-based Saudi journalist for The Washington Post, which Bezos bought in 2013. He wrote many articles criticizing Saudi Arabia and MBS, and in October 2018, he was brutally killed and dismembered inside the Saudi consulate in Istanbul, Turkey. Saudi Arabia later sentenced five people to death for the murder, claiming it was a "rogue operation," but the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency concluded that MBS personally ordered the assassination. In response to the Guardian story, United Nations experts are now calling for an investigation into the hack in relation to Khashoggi's murder and the potential that it may have been part of a wider effort to influence the American media. "[MBS] probably believed that if he got something on Bezos it could shape coverage of Saudi Arabia in the Post," Middle East expert Andrew Miller told The Guardian. "It is clear that the Saudis have no real boundaries or limits in terms of what they are prepared to do in order to protect and advance MBS, whether it is going after the head of one of the largest companies in the world or a dissident who is on their own." Saudi Arabia, meanwhile, called reports that it was behind the hack "absurd" and announced plans to launch its own investigation. Whether any of these investigations lead to new facts regarding Khashoggi's murder or not, the bizarre situation seems to hammer home at least one truth about life in the digital era: no one's data is ever completely secure — not even that of the richest man in the world. READ MORE: Jeff Bezos hack: Amazon boss's phone 'hacked by Saudi crown prince' [The Guardian] More on Bezos: Jeff Bezos: "One Day, Amazon Will Fail" Share This Article 
During an interview with CNBC's Joe Kernen at the World Economic Forum, United States President Donald Trump couldn't say enough nice things about billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk — though the praise was less than eloquent. "You have to give him credit. I spoke to him very recently, and he’s also doing the rockets," Trump told Kernen. "He likes rockets. And he does good at rockets, too, by the way. I never saw where the engines come down with no wings, no anything, and they’re landing. I said, 'I’ve never seen that before.'" Trump also, bafflingly, pledged to defend Musk against unnamed enemies. "I was worried about him because he's one of our great geniuses," Trump said. "You know, we have to protect Thomas Edison, and we have to protect all of these people that came up with originally the light bulb and the wheel and all of these things. And he’s one of our very smart people, and we want to cherish those people." Near the end of the Musk-centric portion of the CNBC interview, Trump made it clear he expects his love and support for Tesla's CEO to go both ways. "He's going to be building a very big plant in the United States," Trump told Kernen. "He has to because we help him so he has to help us." If Tesla is building a new U.S. factory, it has yet to announce it. It's hard to imagine Musk would trust Trump to keep the information a secret, either, so we're going to assume that Trump wasn't so much sharing a fact about Tesla's future here as he was not-so-subtly announcing his expectation that the company repay America for its cryptic "help." But feel free to interpret it however you like. READ MORE: Trump says Elon Musk is like Thomas Edison: 'He’s one of our great geniuses' More on Trump: Trump <3s Musk, Might Let His Tweets Dictate Economic Policy Share This Article 
Solar energy has always been a good idea, in theory. It's good for the environment because it’s 100 percent renewable and emissions free, and it’s good for your long term finances because sunlight is free. But beyond the hypotheticals, is solar worth it in 2020? Have we finally reached the point where theory can become reality? For some people the answer is yes. But for others, the answer is still no. It all depends on a number of complex factors, including the architectural features and geographical location of your home, the prevalence of solar contractors and suppliers in your area, and the complex web of laws, regulations, and tax incentives in your particular state and municipality. The good news, however, is that you don’t have to figure it out all by yourself. Third-party solar energy advocated like Understand Solar can walk you through the entire process and help you determine whether a solar energy system would be a cash cow or a financial drain.  The average cost of installing solar energy systems has dropped by at least 70 percent over the last decade thanks to lower equipment costs, lower installation costs, and government incentives like the Federal Solar Tax Credit. With the startup costs associated with solar energy lower than ever, the solar energy industry has exploded. Employment in the solar energy sector has more than doubled since 2010, pumping an estimated $17 billion into the American economy, and the industry as a whole has experienced an average annual growth rate of 50 percent. Lower startup costs mean it takes less time for consumers to start seeing a return on their investment in the form of significantly reduced utility bills. However, that’s hardly the only place they’re seeing returns on their investment. Though the exact long-term value of a solar energy investment will depend on where you live and how much direct sunlight your property gets, generally speaking homes with solar energy systems sell faster and for higher prices than homes without solar energy systems. One recent study found that solar energy systems add about 4.1 percent to the value of the average home, with higher rates occurring in major urban areas. Another study found that buyers are generally willing to pay $15,000 more for a home with solar energy. And yet another study concluded that, assuming your house gets enough light, the value of your home increases about $5,911 per kilowatt of solar installed. When you factor in the lower costs of installing solar energy systems, the potential gains in home equity, and the projected long-term increases in the cost of conventional energy, an investment in solar energy could very well outperform traditional savings, mutual funds, or even stock portfolios over the course of 20 years. But how do you figure out if going solar is worth it for you? That’s where Understand Solar comes in.  Understand Solar is a third-party solar energy advocate that educates consumers, provides free personalized assessments of individual homes, and arranges in-home estimates with top-rated local solar installers. To get started with Understand Solar, simply fill out their online form providing some basic information about your home. A customer service representative will then contact you by phone and go over your assessment. It may turn out that solar energy isn’t right for you after all. If that’s the case, your Understand Solar representative will explain why. However, you might discover that you actually stand to lose money in the long run if you don’t go solar. If that’s the case, your Understand Solar representative will explain your financing options, and help you figure out what’s right for you. Then, if you wish to proceed, they’ll help you arrange in-home estimates with experienced installers in your area. Want to find out if solar is worth it for you in 2020? Visit UnderstandSolar.com today and fill out their simple online form. You’ve got nothing to lose and everything to gain. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With the recent success of their Falcon Heavy launch, SpaceX may seem like the current leader of the space industry. However, while Musk's aerospace company is new and exciting, NASA isn't finished pushing the boundaries of space flight and exploration. In 2010, NASA began developing the Space Launch System (SLS), and upon completion, it will be the most powerful rocket in history (yes, including Falcon Heavy). NASA is modifying the retired space shuttle's RS-25 engines to power this rocket. On February 21, the agency tested one of those engines, and it reached a remarkable 113 percent thrust level. That means the modified RS-25 engine exceeded the absolute limit of efficiency possible when NASA built it decades ago by a whopping 13 percent. According to NASA, the February 21 hot fire also tested the RS-25's flight controller and a 3D-printed engine component. "Each RS-25 test moves the agency closer and closer to its return to deep space exploration, to such destinations as the moon and Mars," wrote NASA after the successful test, but the SLS isn't our only hope of such missions. SpaceX's Falcon Heavy is also up to the task, and it can already fly. As for other differences between the two spacecraft, the SLS will be much taller: 97 meters (321 feet) compared to the Falcon Heavy's 70 meters (230 feet). The as-designed SLS also has a slightly higher payload into low-Earth orbit - 77 tons versus 70 tons - but proposed future improvements could skyrocket the SLS up to 130 tons. As Elon Musk noted during the post-Falcon Heavy launch press conference, the craft cost about $500 million to develop. According to a report released by NASA's Office of Inspector General in April 2017, the agency will spend roughly $23 billion on the SLS by the end of this year. Falcon Heavy is also reusable, while the SLS is not, which will affect future launch costs. To support the launch of the SLS, NASA is modifying a launch tower originally designed for another rocket. That tower has cost NASA nearly $1 billion, and it may require additional improvements in the future. It might only be used once, requiring NASA to invest in another tower for any subsequent launches. NASA has repeatedly pushed back the SLS's launch date, but as of November 2017, the agency has their eyes on a 2020 launch. For its initial mission, Exploration Mission 1, SLS will fly a crewless capsule around the Moon, and future missions are set to explore the surface of the Moon, Mars, and far beyond. Given NASA's increased budgetary stress, that 2020 launch date could change, but if and when the SLS does make its maiden voyage, it will usher in a new era in spaceflight and secure NASA's position as an aerospace agency of the future, not just the past. Share This Article 
There are a lot of preventative actions you can take to reduce your likelihood of becoming a victim of identity theft, from placing a security freeze on credit reports and shredding all those credit card applications you get in the mail, to encrypting your data with a VPN or bolstering security with a high-tech password manager. However, no matter how careful you are, it’s pretty much impossible to completely erase the threat of cyber fraud. All it takes is one online retailer taking their eye off the cybersecurity ball for your personal information to wind up in nefarious hands. That’s why you need a service like LifeLock from Norton, which not only helps you prevent identity theft, but also protects you from the fallout in the event that you do become a victim. And right now, you can get up to 25-percent off your subscription. Think identity theft won’t happen to you? Think again. It’s estimated that 14.4 million consumers fell victim to identity theft in 2018 alone. Of those 14.4 million consumers, about 3.3 million were held financially responsible for some of the fraud committed against them, with their total out of pocket costs estimated to be about $1.7 billion. In general, it’s estimated that 1 in 3 U.S. adults has been the victim of identity theft, which is more than twice the global average. And it's not just credit card theft people have to worry about. More and more criminals are using social security numbers and birth dates to file fraudulent tax returns, steal from investment accounts, create new mobile phone accounts, and rack up huge medical bills, among other things. And unlike credit card fraud, in many of these new cases, it can be difficult to prove that you were not responsible. So if you're tired of ignoring the problem and want to actively protect yourself from identity theft and its potentially crippling financial ramifications, you need to check out LifeLock. What is LifeLock? You can think of it as insurance against identity theft. Not only does it give you high-tech tools that help you prevent cyber-threats and alert you to potential problems, but in the event that your identity is stolen, their identity restoration specialists help you resolve the issue. Meanwhile, you get reimbursed for any stolen funds, personal expenses, or legal fees. In short, LifeLock gives you total protection, so that a security breach doesn’t destroy your life. And it offers three different subscriptions to meet anyone’s needs. The LifeLock Standard plan offers up to $25,000 in stolen funds reimbursement, up to $25,000 in personal expense compensation, and up to $1 million in coverage for legal fees and expert consultation. In addition to financial compensation, this plan gives you security alerts for identity, credit cards, and social security number, credit monitoring (one bureau), identity restoration assistance, lost wallet protection, USPS address change verification, dark web monitoring, LifeLock privacy monitor, and data breach notifications. The LifeLock Advantage plan offers up to $100,000 in stolen funds reimbursement, up to $100,000 in personal expense compensation, and up to $1 million in coverage for legal fees and expert consultation. In addition to all the features included in the Standard plan, the LifeLock Advantage plan gives you bank and credit card activity alerts, alerts on crimes committed in your name, and an annual credit report and score from one bureau. The LifeLock Ultimate Plus plan gives you the most comprehensive coverage. It offers up to $1 million in stolen funds reimbursement, up to $1 million in personal expense compensation, and up to $1 million in coverage for legal fees and expert consultation. In addition to all the features included in the Advantage plan, the LifeLock Ultimate Plus plan gives you credit monitoring with all three bureaus, an annual three-bureau credit report and score, security alerts for 401k and investment activities, home title monitoring, fictitious identity monitoring, and ID verification monitoring. And right now, you can get up to 25 percent of your first year of LifeLock when you click the link below. So head on over to LifeLock, read the fine print, and figure out which of their plans is right for you. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
An international team of researchers has created what's called a "strange metal" — and they say it could help harness the potential of the quantum world in a practical way. Specifically, the metal provides evidence for the quantum entanglement nature of quantum criticality. But that's a lot to unpack, so let's start with something most of us probably learned about in elementary school: phase transitions. We see evidence of classical phase transitions all the time — the ice in our drinks melts into a liquid at a certain temperature, for example, while the water we boil evaporates into a gas at another. Simple enough. Well, materials in the quantum world also undergo phase transitions under the right conditions, and when a quantum material is capable of transitioning from one phase to another, it's called a state of "quantum criticality" — which brings us back to this new study, published this week in the journal Science. The researchers used the elements ytterbium, rhodium, and silicon to create a "strange metal," a type of metal in which the electrons act as a unit rather than independently like they would in a regular metal, such as copper or gold. When at the lowest temperature theoretically possible — absolute zero, or -273.15 degrees Celsius (-459.67 degrees Fahrenheit) — the team's strange metal undergoes a transition from a quantum phase, in which it forms a magnetic order, to another phase in which is doesn't. While conducting experiments on ultrapure films made from the metal, the team noticed quantum entanglement among billions of billions of electrons in it. So, why is this observation important? It could help in our efforts to create quantum technologies. "Quantum entanglement is the basis for storage and processing of quantum information," researcher Qimiao Si of Rice University said in a press release. "At the same time, quantum criticality is believed to drive high-temperature superconductivity. So our findings suggest that the same underlying physics — quantum criticality — can lead to a platform for both quantum information and high-temperature superconductivity." "When one contemplates that possibility," he added, "one cannot help but marvel at the wonder of nature." READ MORE: Study finds billions of quantum entangled electrons in 'strange metal' [Rice University] More on quantum entanglement: Scientists Capture First-Ever Image of Quantum Entanglement Share This Article 
Imagine that you roll out of bed onto a living fungus floor. The walls and ceiling — heck, the whole apartment building, down to the plumbing and electrical systems — are made of fungus too. Wood and concrete are remnants of the distant past; this entire city, from the schools to the stores to the hospitals, is made of living fungus — constantly growing, dying off and regenerating itself. That's the vision laid out in a provocative new paper, which a team of European academics say is the first-ever exploration of living fungus' potential as a raw material for futuristic, eco-friendly "monolithic structures" that would, in their telling, revolutionize the entire built environment and economy. "We propose to develop a structural substrate by using live fungal mycelium," reads the paper. "Fungal buildings will self-grow, build, and repair themselves." The idea is a response to the prospect of catastrophic climate change. Growing our building materials from biological materials, the theory goes, would make construction less dependent on fossil fuels and environmentally-destructive mining operations. "Fungal materials can have a wide variety of mechanical properties ranging from foam-like to wood-like to polymer-like to elastomer-like," Han Wösten, a microbiologist at The Netherlands' Utrecht University who co-authored the not-yet-peer-reviewed paper, told Futurism. "The fact that we can make wood-like materials implies that we can use it for the building industry." Along with other forms of living materials, fungal architecture is not a new idea — other research groups have explored the idea of growing building materials out of mycelium. NASA, for instance, is currently testing whether fungus could grow in Martian soil, potentially giving the space agency a low-cost way to grow space habitats onsite. But those projects all involve killing the fungus after it grows, a process that makes it sturdier as a building material that the team says has already been used for load-bearing structures or boundary walls. So far, they say, no one else has explored the possibility of building monolithic structures out of living fungus. "The selling point of our materials is that it is biodegradable, thereby helping to create a circular economy," Wösten said. "At the same time, it should not degrade when actually used as a building material. We can work around this apparent paradox by coating the material. In fact, we also coat wood with paint of oils to protect it against degradation." "It may be that we will find a fungus that creates wood-like materials without the need of pressing," he said. Even with a coating, Wösten went on to explain, the goal is to keep the fungal architecture alive — so that an architect could rejuvenate it with water and trigger further growth if repairs or alternations were necessary. Those same coatings, the team says, could be used to capitalize on the fungus' internal structure of networks to replace things like a building's plumbing, electrical wiring, or other logistical needs. Important to note: those ideas, like much of the team's research, remain fairly speculative. Andrew Adamatzky, a computer scientist at the University of the West of England who also co-authored the paper, told Futurism that the team is working to build fungal versions of neuromorphic circuits and other electronics. He conceded that conventional wires are cheaper and easier to work with, but added that "the living circuits will be self-growing, self-assembling and self-repairing, which no traditional circuitry can do." "This is really challenging, but a real opportunity to explore how buildings could grow, self-repair, adapt and disrupt conventional ways of building production by working with highly local resources and growing in-situ to minimize logistics and energy use in material production," said Phil Ayres, a co-author of the paper from the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, "aiming towards a circular economy for construction." More on living materials: Scientists Create "Living Concrete" That Can Heal Itself Share This Article 
On Tuesday, a Boeing 777 dumped jet fuel on at least 60 people — including 20 children — just prior to making an emergency landing in Los Angeles. While dumping fuel isn't entirely unheard of, the Delta pilots' decision to do so over a populated area and from an elevation of just 2,300 feet has left experts baffled. "I'm just puzzled why these folks decided to do it this way,"  Ross Aimer, a retired United Airlines pilot who now serves as CEO of Aero Consulting Experts, told NBC News. Some planes can take off at a higher weight than they can safely land. That isn't usually an issue, though, because the plane will burn jet fuel during a flight, thereby dropping enough weight for safe landing. If a plane needs to make an emergency landing, however, it'll sometimes dump fuel to reach the lower weight faster. Typically they do so from a higher altitude, in which case the fuel evaporates before ever reaching the ground. If that's not an option, they may do over over a less-populated area, such as an ocean. Delta Flight 89 was supposed to be a 13-hour nonstop flight from Los Angeles to Shanghai, but instead it landed back at LAX just 25 minutes after takeoff. The airline's statement to BuzzFeed News that the fuel dump was "required as part of normal procedure to reach a safe landing weight" makes sense, then — the plane probably still had a lot of fuel onboard. But what experts can't seem to figure out is why the Delta pilots decided to dump the fuel when and where they did — and why they didn't inform air traffic controllers about the decision. "The question investigators are going to ask is that if you're going to dump fuel, why didn't you advise air traffic control, and why didn't you go where fuel dumping is approved, which would not be over a highly populated area?" John Cox, head of aviation safety consulting company Safety Operating Systems, told NBC. "If you had an on-board fire or something like that, it makes absolute sense to do that. But this was not that case." The Federal Aviation Administration said on Tuesday that it's investigating the incident — so hopefully answers to those questions are forthcoming. For now, though, we can be thankful that none of the people hit by the shower of jet fuel were seriously injured. READ MORE: Fuel dump over L.A. schools puzzles aviation experts [NBC News] More on Boeing: Boeing 777 Dumps Fuel on California Schoolchildren Share This Article 
NASA has unveiled a new instrument that can weigh distant exoplanets with three times the sensitivity of any existing equipment. The device, dubbed the NN-EXPLORE Exoplanet Investigations with Doppler spectroscopy (NEID), is located at the Kitt Peak National Observatory, according to Digital Trends, where it can take precise measurements of an exoplanet's mass — potentially assisting researchers with their hunt for other Earth-like worlds. NEID doesn't measure mass directly. Rather, it tracks how much an exoplanet's gravitational force causes its host star to "wobble" while it orbits around. A big wobble indicates that the exoplanet has a strong gravitational pull, which is directly correlated to having a large mass. Because NEID is three times more sensitive than any other wobble-measuring instruments out there, according to Digital Trends, it stands to vastly improve our understanding of distant solar systems. "When we combine future NEID observations with data from spacecraft, things will really get interesting, and we will be able to learn what planets are made of," NEID researcher Jason Wright said in a press release. "We will know the planet's density, which is a clue to understanding how much of an atmosphere the planet has; is it gaseous like Saturn, an ice giant like Neptune, rocky like Earth, or something in between — a super-Earth or sub-Neptune?" READ MORE: This instrument weighs exoplanets by observing their gravitational effects [Digital Trends] More on space weights: A New Trick Lets Us Weigh The Galaxy. It’s The First Step Toward Figuring Out What It’s Made Of Share This Article 
Spotify is launching a playlist generator today that can line up some killer tunes for you and your hamster, bird, iguana, dog, or cat. The company created a "Pet Playlist" website where you can chose from a range of personality traits — whether you own an energetic iguana or apathetic hamster — to fine tune the algorithm. Spotify determined that my year-old mutt would enjoy songs by such artists as The Growlers, Iron Maiden, and John Tejada. The pet playlist generator even included two arabesques by French classical composer Claude Debussy towards the end, presumably to accompany the ensuing nap time. It's still unclear at the time of writing whether my dog approves of the song selection. No, this isn't based on science in any conceivable way. "While music for pets isn’t an exact science, we consulted with experts in the pet industry for the best approximation for what might work best for our featured animals," reads a FAQ. It's not the first time Spotify experimented with unusual playlist generators. In 2018, Spotify teamed up with DNA database Ancestry to provide a "mix of music, inspired by your origins," according to a press release. READ MORE: Spotify will now make a playlist for your cat [The Verge] More on Spotify: Spotify Will Make a Playlist Based on Your DNA Share This Article 
Tardigrades are arguably the most resilient creatures in the known universe — and even they might not be able to live through global warming. The micro-animals colloquially known as "water bears" are capable of entering a state of suspended animation, bringing their own metabolic activities almost to a halt in response to environmental stressors. In this death-like state, tardigrades can survive for years in extreme environments, including the vacuum of space. However, a new study out of Denmark has found something tardigrades can't survive: long-term exposure to high temperatures. "We had found their Achilles' heel," researcher Ricardo Neves, from the University of Copenhagen, told Newsweek. "Tardigrades are definitely not the almost indestructible organism as advertised in so many popular science websites." For the study, published in the journal Scientific Reports, the researchers sourced a species of tardigrade called Ramazzottius varieornatus from rain gutters in Denmark. They then coaxed some of the critters into one of their states of suspended animation called "desiccation," which they enter in response to a lack of water in their environment, and left others active. When the scientists exposed the active tardigrades to a temperature of 37.1 degrees Celsius (98 degrees Fahrenheit) for 24 hours, 50 percent died. If exposed to lower temperatures first and given time to acclimate, the active tardigrades didn't hit that 50 percent mortality threshold until 37.6 degrees Celsius (99.7 degrees Fahrenheit). As for the desiccated tardigrades, 50 percent died after one hour at 82.7 degrees Celsius (180.8 degrees Fahrenheit). The maximum temperature 50 percent could withstand for 24 hours was 63.1 degrees Celsius (145.5 degrees Fahrenheit). "The fact that the median lethal temperature for active R. varieornatus is so close to the median maximum temperature in Denmark — where the specimens used in this study have been sampled — is quite worrying in our opinion," Neves told Newsweek, adding that "it seems that even tardigrades will have a hard time handling rising temperatures due to global warming." Still, while it's undeniably troubling that the practically indestructible tardigrade's kryptonite is the very thing now threatening our own existence, it is worth reiterating that the desiccated tardigrades' temperature threshold was far higher than Earth's current average. Scientists believe an increase of just 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) over pre-industrial levels could push humanity to the point of extinction. But 50 percent of desiccated tardigrades could survive an increase of more than 25 degrees Celsius (45 degrees Fahrenheit) for at least 24 hours, and maybe longer. Maybe the stress of extreme climate change will force some surviving tardigrades into one of their states of suspended animation — where they can try to outlast humans, and perhaps even climate change, entirely. READ MORE: Tardigrades Are Basically Indestructible, But Scientists Just Found Their Weak Point [ScienceAlert] More on tardigrades: Crashed Moon Lander Splattered Live Organisms Onto Lunar Surface Share This Article 
The only reason humans know about the existence of consciousness — the phenomenon of having subjective feelings and experiences — is because we have feelings and experiences. But despite centuries of study, scientists have yet to make any major progress in understanding consciousness. A recently published book by philosopher Philip Goff, however, takes a deep dive into a millennia-old theory that could help explain consciousness — by attributing it to all forms of matter, all the way down to electrons and quarks. The theory is called panpsychism, and Scientific American recently published a provocative interview with Goff to explore his book's key claims. "The basic commitment is that the fundamental constituents of reality — perhaps electrons and quarks — have incredibly simple forms of experience," Goff told the magazine. According to Goff, panpsychism defines consciousness not as an ability to reflect on one's own existence, but more simply as the ability to experience the world in some way — to feel pain or pleasure, to see sights or hear sounds. While it's obvious that at least some animals are conscious by this definition — we know that dogs can see and that cats derive pleasure from knocking our stuff off tables — the general consensus seems to be that, as lifeforms get more and more simple, they become less and less conscious until, at some point, they just aren't anymore. "But it’s at least coherent to suppose that this continuum of consciousness fading while never quite turning off carries on into inorganic matter," Goff told SciAm, "with fundamental particles having almost unimaginably simple forms of experience to reflect their incredibly simple nature. That’s what panpsychists believe." The belief that consciousness is somehow something our brains do means that it's also something that neuroscientists should be able to figure out — but again, they're nowhere close to making that a reality. If we define consciousness as an unobservable quality possessed by all forms of matter, though, as panpsychists suggest, we could emerge with a unified theory of consciousness built on not just science, but a combination of science and philosophy. "What this offers us is a beautifully simple, elegant way of integrating consciousness into our scientific worldview," Goff told SciAm, "of marrying what we know about ourselves from the inside and what science tells us about matter from the outside." READ MORE: Does Consciousness Pervade the Universe? [Scientific American] More on consciousness: Research: DMT's Effects on Brainwaves Could Explain Consciousness Share This Article 
According to Gallup, 14 percent of U.S. adults say they use CBD wellness products on a regular basis. Though scientific research on CBD is still in the early stages, anecdotal evidence suggests it is capable of providing effective and gentle relief from things like pain, inflammation, insomnia, stress, and anxiety. The only problem is that most people take their CBD orally, which is not the most effective delivery method. On the contrary, the most recent research actually suggests topical CBD products probably give you the most bang for your buck, especially when it comes to relieving pain and inflammation. That’s why a team of scientists and entrepreneurs at a company called Boojum Life developed an entire line of cutting edge CBD products specifically designed to work transdermally. According to at least one study, when it comes treating to skin, muscle, and joint issues, the anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects of CBD are significantly reduced when taken orally. The reason for this is a biological process called first pass metabolism. Basically, that means your body breaks down and weakens chemical compounds as they travel through your digestive system, so when you take CBD orally very little actually reaches systemic circulation. However, when CBD is administered transdermally it bypasses first pass metabolism, and more of it actually ends up interacting with your body’s endocannabinoid system, providing far greater effects. Contrary to what you might expect, topical CBD can get into your bloodstream and reach systemic circulation if you apply it to specific pulse points around your body, making it an excellent choice for general purpose relief. However, the best part about topical CBD is that it also allows users to target specific areas of concern. Whether you’re treating a headache, backache, arthritis, sore muscles, or even skin conditions such as acne or eczema, by applying CBD directly to that area you ensure the greatest possible relief in the shortest possible time. Boojum Life was founded by a group of scientists, technicians, and entrepreneurs to provide consumers with pure, THC-free, lab-tested CBD topicals they can trust. All of their hemp is sourced locally from family farms and independent growers who use pesticide-free and sustainable growing practices. And every product Boojum Life sells undergoes three rounds of testing. Boojum Life products are made using full-spectrum hemp extracts. This means that in addition to CBD, they also contain dozens of other natural, non-psychoactive cannabinoids, terpenes, and terpenoids found in hemp plants. Numerous studies have shown that CBD is more impactful when combined with these other compounds, a synergistic relationship that has been dubbed the “entourage effect.” These extracts are made using organic 200 proof cryo-ethanol in an FDA registered, cGMP facility. And they’re all formulated without formaldehyde, parabens, phthalates, propylene glycol, sulfates, or synthetic dyes. Boojum Life’s flagship products are their roll-on body oils. Currently there are three different formulas to choose from. All of them contain their full spectrum hemp oil with 1000mg of CBD per 1 ounce bottle. And all of them contain bisabolol, a terpene found in chamomile that nourishes damaged skin and increases skin permeability, thus making it easier for CBD and the other therapeutic ingredients to cross the dermal barrier. Uplift Your Spirit Uplift is designed to evoke a sense of well-being and balance. It combines Boojum’s pure full-spectrum hemp oil with a unique blend of citrus, chamomile, clove, vanilla, and other warm spices that have been used as natural remedies for centuries. These fragrances and terpenes work together to elevate mood and benefit the body. Sweet orange, tangerine, and lemongrass help relax muscles. Ginger, vanilla, and other warm spices help produce a sense of wellbeing. Meanwhile, the terpenes and CBD in the broad spectrum hemp oil have anti-inflammatory, antiseptic, antioxidant, antifungal, antibacterial, pain-relieving, stress-reducing, and mood-enhancing properties. Calm Your Mind Calm is designed to combat stress and decelerate the overactive mind. It combines Boojum’s pure full-spectrum hemp oil with a relaxing, sweetly spiced blend of English lavender, nutmeg, Ceylon cinnamon, Roman chamomile, and hops. This formulation of fragrances and terpenes work together to soothe anxiety and stress. Lavender oil has been shown to help reduce skin irritation, blotchiness, and scarring. Hops, nutmeg, and chamomile all have mild sedative effects. And cinnamon is said to alleviate muscle aches and stiffness. Relieve Your Body Relieve is designed to combat stress and soothe the fatigued body. It combines Boojum’s pure full-spectrum hemp oil with a soothing and invigorating mixture of mint, basil, sage, camphor, and eucalyptus. Peppermint and wintergreen have long been recommended for muscle and nerve pain, while camphor helps relieve for itchy or irritated skin. All of Boojum Life’s CBD body oils can be purchased individually. However, if you purchase the complete set you save 23-percent per bottle. While Boojum Life body oils are perfect for targeting specific needs on a day-to-day basis, if you're looking for a soothing, total body experience, you need to try their bath bombs. There are four different formulations, each geared toward achieving a specific effect. But whichever you use, they all contain 250mg of CBD. Unwind The Unwind bath bomb is designed to help the body and mind relax and unwind after a long day. Featuring soothing lavender in addition to Boojum's full spectrum hemp extract, it melts away stress and tension, allowing you to go to bed calm and relaxed. Elevate The Elevate bath bomb is designed to boost, uplift, and invigorate. Featuring orange and eucalyptus, it leaves your body and soul feeling inverted and ready to take on any task. Escape The Escape bath bomb is designed to carry you away from the every day grind. Featuring a luxurious blend of lemon and vanilla, the scents and bubbles provide a relaxing escape from the stresses o everyday life. Restore Last but not least, the Restore bath bomb is designed to sooth and restore sore muscles. Featuring a tingly, invigorating blend of peppermint, this bath bomb is the perfect way to recover from a grueling workout or stressful day at work. Like the Boojum Life body oils, the Boojum Life bath bombs can be purchased individually. However, you can save 22 percent by buying the complete set. So if you use CBD for relief from pain, tension, stress, and anxiety, whether on a daily basis or only on occasion, you need to give these cutting edge topicals from Boojum Life a try. This supplement has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to cure or treat any ailments. Do not take CBD products if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in the product you are consuming. Tell your doctor about all medicines you may be on before consuming CBD to avoid negative reactions. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions. Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal products. Other side effects of CBD include: dry mouth, cloudy thoughts, and wakefulness. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of any drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Share This Article 
When a child sexual predator identifies a potential victim online, they don't always try to start a sexual relationship with them immediately. Instead, the predator might engage in a process called "grooming" — befriending and establishing trust with the potential victim so they can exploit that trust later. Now, Microsoft has created a tool that analyzes text-based chats for signs of grooming — and they're giving it away in the hopes it can help fight the massive problem of child sexual exploitation online. Microsoft developed the tool, which is code-named Project Artemis, as part of a multi-organization effort that launched in November 2018. According to a new blog post, it builds on patented technology Microsoft started using to prevent grooming on its Xbox platform several years ago. The tool analyzes text-based conversations and assigns them a rating indicating the likelihood that grooming is taking place. A company can decide for itself what ratings warrant a flag — a seven or above out of 10, for example. Flagged conversations go to a human moderator for review, and that person can then decide if the company should contact the authorities. Microsoft writes in the blog post that it's making the tool available for free through Thorn, a technology nonprofit focused on putting a stop to child sexual abuse, to "any qualified online service companies that offer a chat function." The post doesn't explain exactly what makes a company qualified, but anyone interested in acquiring the tool is urged to contact Thorn at antigrooming@thorn.org. If even a single company takes Microsoft up on the offer — and the tool is at all effective — there's a chance Project Artemis could save at least some children from becoming victims of sexual exploitation. And that alone would make the 14 month's worth of effort that went into developing it worthwhile. READ MORE: Microsoft has created a tool to find pedophiles in online chats [MIT Technology Review] More on online safety: To Fight Pedophiles, Youtube Disables Comments on Videos Featuring Kids Share This Article 
After analyzing data from the 1950s through 2019, an international team of scientists determined that the average temperature of the world's oceans in 2019 was 0.075 degrees Celsius (.135 degrees Fahrenheit) higher than the 1981–2010 average. That might not seem like a significant amount of warming, but given the massive volume of the oceans, an increase even that small would require a staggering influx of heat — 228 sextillion Joules' worth, according to the scientists' study, which was published in the journal Advances in Atmospheric Sciences on Monday. That's a hard number to contextualize, so one of the scientists behind the study did the math to put it into an explosive frame of reference — by comparing it to the amount of energy released by the atomic bomb the United States military dropped on Hiroshima, Japan, in 1945. "The Hiroshima atom-bomb exploded with an energy of about 63,000,000,000,000 Joules," author Lijing Cheng from the Chinese Academy of Sciences said in a press release. "The amount of heat we have put in the world's oceans in the past 25 years equals to 3.6 billion Hiroshima atom-bomb explosions." That averages out to four Hiroshima bombs' worth of energy entering the oceans every second for the past 25 years. But even more troubling, the rate isn't holding steady at that alarming figure — it's increasing. In 2019, ocean warming was equivalent to "about five Hiroshima bombs of heat, every second, day and night, 365 days a year," study author John Abraham, from the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota, told Vice. And in case atomic bombs are still too abstract of a comparative unit, the 2019 rate is equivalent to every person on Earth constantly pointing 100 hair dryers at the oceans, Abraham told Vice. "The less technical term is: It’s a shit-ton of energy," he said — and it's already having a huge impacting the environment. Ice is melting faster, causing sea levels to rise. Dolphins and other marine life are dying because they can't adapt quickly enough. Even the increase in the amount of water evaporating into the atmosphere due to the heat is negatively impacting on our planet. "It makes hurricanes and typhoons more powerful, and it makes rainfall more intense," Abraham told Vice. "It puts our weather on steroids." And remember, the rate is increasing — meaning that every moment we delay taking action to slow or reverse the warming, the situation is only going to get worse. READ MORE: '5 Hiroshima Bombs of Heat, Every Second': The World's Oceans Absorbed Record-Level Heat Last Year [Vice] More on ocean warming: Scientists: Warming Oceans Will Lead to "Catastrophic" Future Share This Article 
In December, Boeing delivered hundred pages of internal messages to Congress to aid its investigation into the 737 Max commercial airplane, which Boeing grounded in March 2019 following two deadly crashes in the previous five months. On Thursday, Boeing made redacted versions of the documents public — and the content of some of the messages is downright disturbing. "This airplane is designed by clowns, who are in turn supervised by monkeys," one employee wrote in a message from 2017. "I still haven’t been forgiven by God for the covering up I did last year," wrote another in a 2018 message, an apparent reference to the employee's interactions with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), according to The New York Times. Another employee questioned quitting their job in light of Boeing's efforts to convince the FAA to limit the amount of pilot simulation training required for the 737 Max, which would increase the cost of using the plane for airlines. "Not sure if I will be returning in April given this — am not lying to the FAA," they wrote in March 2018. "Will leave that to people who have no integrity." Boeing's efforts to limit simulation training for the 737 Max — which killed 346 people in the two crashes that ultimately grounded the plane — may have weighed heavily on that employee's conscience. Another employee, however, bragged in a 2017 email that they'd managed to convince an airline that the training was unnecessary. "Looks like my jedi [sic] mind trick worked again!" they wrote. "These are not the droids you’re looking for..." On Thursday, Boeing released a statement saying it "regrets" the content of the messages. "The language used in these communications, and some of the sentiments they express, are inconsistent with Boeing values, and the company is taking appropriate action in response," Boeing wrote. "This will ultimately include disciplinary or other personnel action, once the necessary reviews are completed." Based on another statement — this one released by Peter DeFazio, chair of the House of Representatives committee investigating Boeing — it's hard to imagine the documents will help Boeing gets its 737 Max back in the air any time soon. “These newly-released emails are incredibly damning," DeFazio wrote. "They paint a deeply disturbing picture of the lengths Boeing was apparently willing to go to in order to evade scrutiny from regulators, flight crews, and the flying public, even as its own employees were sounding alarms internally." "I can only imagine how painful it must be for the families of the 346 victims to read these new documents that detail some of the earliest and most fundamental errors in the decisions that went into the fatally flawed aircraft," he added. READ MORE: Boeing Employees Mocked F.A.A. and ‘Clowns’ Who Designed 737 Max [The New York Times] More on the 737 Max: Boeing Finds Even More Issues With Its Troubled 737 Max Plane Share This Article 
Americans spend an estimated $20 billion on sneakers annually. Clearly, the light, comfortable, stylish footwear is extremely popular. But as popular as they may be, sneakers don't offer much in the way of protection for your feet, which means they make less than ideal work shoes for anyone doing intense physical labor or handling heavy objects. However, thanks to the durable, high-tech design of Indestructible Shoes, that's all about to change. Traditionally, consumers shopping for shoes have been forced to sacrifice style and comfort for protection and durability, or vice versa. But thanks to Indestructible Shoes, that trade off is now a thing of the past. The company makes shoes that look and feel like stylish everyday sneakers, but protect your feet like heavy duty work boots. Thanks to their advanced design and high tech materials, their shoes have all the safety features you'd expect from a work boot, including steel toes, skid-proof grips, shock-absorption technology, anti-puncture heels, electric shock insulation, and ultra durable materials. But unlike boots, they’re also light, flexible, breathable, comfortable, and stylish. So if you're looking for a shoe that offers the style and comfort of sneakers and the safety and protection of work boots, check out the Indestructible Shoes featured below. The Ryder Black is designed to be a stylish solution for hot, sweaty feet. It's made from breathable flymesh and a moisture-wicking lining that helps encourage airflow and reduce odor. The shoes also feature a no-lace system, so it's easy to slip them on and off. And to ensure comfort, the Ryder Black has an extremely flexible outsole and a padded shock-absorbing insole. And as you'd expect from a heavy duty work shoe, it features European steel toes, a puncture-resistant sole made from military-grade Kevlar, and shock-absorbing cushioning in the midsole. The Hummer Gray is one of Indestructible Shoes’ most well-rounded and versatile products. It boasts a classic sneaker design that you can comfortably wear at work or at play. It features European steel toes to protect you from hazards to your feet. It also features no-slip outsoles for superior stability. The shoes are made of ultra durable knit material called “flymesh” that wicks moisture to reduce sweat. And the insole features 3D arch support and extra padding in the heel cup, while the outsole and midsole feature additional shock-absorbing padding. As a result, the Hummer Gray offers unparalleled protection and comfort. If you work in wet conditions, the ultra light, ultra stylish Gravity Black is 100-percent waterproof. Each one weighs less than one pound, so they won't bog you down like traditional work shoes. They also combines a cushy midsole with a stretchable sock-like upper, so they're easy to get on and off. And as with most Indestructible Shoes, the Gravity features European steel toes and puncture-resistant no-slip outsoles made out of military grade Kevlar. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
Every year around this time, millions of people resolve to finally take concrete steps to improve their finances and plan for their financial future. And actually following through on these resolutions used to be a painstaking process. It meant contacting a financial adviser, going in for meetings, and doing hours and hours of research. But luckily that’s not the case any more. These days, innovative FinTech startups like DiversyFund make following through on your financial resolutions easier than ever before. What makes DiversyFund, a real estate investing platform, so special? To understand that, you need a quick lesson on the history of the financial services industry. For a long time, when it came to pooled investing opportunities, regular everyday people were limited to mutual funds, hedge funds, pension funds, and exchange-traded funds (ETFs). While these types of pooled funds allowed small investors to achieve greater growth and stability than they would be able to achieve on their own, they were only allowed to invest in publicly traded securities like stocks and bonds. The types of pooled funds that invested in the more lucrative private real estate market? They were only open to large financial institutions and high net worth individuals. So in other words, only the richest people had access to the most lucrative investment opportunities. But now, finally, that’s all starting to change. In recent years, technological advancements have caused huge disruptions in the financial services industry. Crowdfunding platforms and data science have opened up a world of new possibilities, and the SEC has responded by loosening restrictions and opening up pooled fund real estate investing to everybody. That’s where startups like DiversyFund come in. DiversyFund is a simple online real estate investing platform that lets regular everyday people invest portfolios of diversified assets to which they had previously been denied access. Called Real Estate Investing Trusts, or REITs, these portfolios are managed by experts who follow a simple three-step strategy to make you money. Step 1: DiversyFund acquires multifamily apartment buildings that already generate revenue from rents, but are in need of improvements. Step 2: DiversyFund renovates these buildings within the first year, increasing both the rents and the building’s value in a process called forced appreciation. Step 3: The building continues to generate revenue until market conditions are right for profitable liquidation. At that point DiversyFund sells its real estate assets, returns principles, and distributes the returns to investors. With DiversyFund, monthly dividends are automatically reinvested in the fund for the duration of your investment term. This term is generally about five years, but the exact length depends on the market. DiversyFund has an incredible historical return rate of 17.5%. The platform is open to all absolutely anyone, and the minimum investment is just $500. Best of all, because DiversyFund actually owns and operates the properties you invest in, cutting out middlemen brokers, there are absolutely no fees. Yes, you read that right. No fees. These days there are a lot of high tech real estate investment options to choose from. But you won’t find many services that are more simple or straightforward than DiversyFund. If your New Year’s resolution was to start planning for your financial future, start by clicking here and reading the fine print about DiversyFund. Futurism fans: To create this content, a non-editorial team worked with an affiliate partner. We may collect a small commission on items purchased through this page. This post does not necessarily reflect the views or the endorsement of the Futurism.com editorial staff. Share This Article 
With a typical lifespan of just three to four weeks, there's a chance you have milk in your fridge older than the average C. elegans worm. But now, in a study published in the journal Cell Reports in July, an international team of researchers has found a way to make the worms live a full five times longer. That would be equivalent to a human reaching their 400th birthday — and the scientists think the new study could be an important step along the path to making that a reality. First, a bit of biology background: Molecules within cells form signaling pathways to carry out various cellular functions. One molecule can receive a signal to do something — divide the cell, for example — and it then passes that signal on to the next molecule in the pathway, which passes it on to the next, and so forth. Past research had found a link between two signaling pathways in C. elegans — the insulin signaling pathway and the target of rapamycin pathway — and aging. Specifically, scientists found that altering the former pathway doubled a worm's lifespan, while altering the latter increased it by 30 percent. Logically, that means altering both pathways should increase the worms' lifespan by 130 percent. But as the authors of this new C. elegans discovered, it actually increased their lifespan by upwards of 500 percent. "The synergistic extension is really wild," Jarod Rollins of the MDI Biological Laboratory said in a recently published press release. "The effect isn’t one plus one equals two, it’s one plus one equals five." Of course, C. elegans are a far cry from humans. But they do have many of the same genes that we do, which is one of the reasons they're a fixture of aging research. And now that scientists have figured out a way to dramatically extend the worms' lifespans, they may be able to apply the knowledge to humans. “Despite the discovery in C. elegans of cellular pathways that govern aging, it hasn’t been clear how these pathways interact," MDI Biological Laboratory President Hermann Haller said in the press release. "By helping to characterize these interactions, our scientists are paving the way for much-needed therapies to increase healthy lifespan for a rapidly aging population." READ MORE: Worm lifespans extended 500 percent in surprising new aging study [New Atlas] More on aging: A Scientist Thinks Someone Alive Today Will Live to Be 1,000 Share This Article 
An investigation by cybersecurity firm Check Point has uncovered major security flaws in popular video-sharing app TikTok. The firm made TikTok aware of the vulnerabilities on November 20, the New York Times reports, and by December 15, the company had addressed them all — but the prior existence of the issues could bolster claims that TikTok may threaten America's national security. According to Check Point's newly published report on the security flaws, the company's investigators were able to access TikTok accounts and then manipulate their content, uploading new videos, deleting existing ones, and even making private videos public. Check Point's team was also able to send messages containing malicious links to users that looked as though they came from TikTok, as well as access users' private account information, including their email addresses. Check Point confirmed in its report that TikTok has addressed all the vulnerabilities its team uncovered. Luke Deshotels, the head of TikTok’s security team, meanwhile, told the NYT that there was "no indication" that anyone had exploited the security flaws while they existed. Still, TikTok's explosion in popularity and ties to China — parent company ByteDance is based in Beijing — meant the app was already under intense scrutiny by the U.S government. In November, Reuters reported that a U.S. security panel had launched a national security review of ByteDance. That same month, the Army announced it was conducting a security assessment of the app and told cadets they could no longer appear in TikTok videos while in uniform. On December 16, the Department of Defense urged employees to delete TikTok from their devices. The next day, the Navy outright banned the app, calling it a "cybersecurity threat," and the Army followed suit with its own ban on December 30. "It is considered a cyber threat," Army spokesperson Robin Ochoa told Military.com at the time. "We do not allow it on government phones." And remember: all of these precautionary bans and warnings from U.S. government agencies took place before anyone had publicly identified any TikTok security vulnerabilities. Now we know for sure that the app did contain exploitable security flaws — and TikTok's assurances that it's addressed the discovered issues seem unlikely to alleviate the American government's concerns about the popular app. READ MORE: Major TikTok Security Flaws Found [The New York Times] More on TikTok: Navy Bans TikTok, Calling It a "Cybersecurity Threat" Share This Article 
Almost immediately after the United States killed Iran's top military general Qassim Suleimani, the Middle Eastern nation vowed to carry out "crushing revenge" for the slaying. The internet took that to mean World War III was imminent — but it might not be a physical battle that the average American needs to worry about so much as a cyber one. On Friday, cybersecurity fellow for the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Jon Bateman told The Washington Post that "a cyberattack should be expected" in retaliation for Suleimani's assassination. The U.S. government appears to agree with that prediction. On Saturday, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security issued a new terrorism threat bulletin in which it warned of Iran's "robust cyber program" and noted that the nation is capable of "carrying out attacks with temporary disruptive effects against critical infrastructure in the United States." So, experts seem to believe an Iranian cyberattack is probably forthcoming — but it's impossible to predict when such an attack might occur. If Iran does launch a cyberattack against the U.S., though, private citizens are the likeliest target, according to Sergio Caltagirone of industrial cybersecurity firm Dragos. "When countries pull cyber triggers to conduct cyber effects, a lot of the times it's against civilian targets rather than military targets," he told MIT Technology Review. "Right now it looks like civilians and innocent people all around the world, including Iranians, Americans, and Saudis, will bear the brunt of impact of these attacks." Just how devastating the impact of an Iranian cyberattack will be, however, is debatable. Iran and the U.S. have been engaged in a cyberwar for years — the U.S. has reportedly used computer viruses to disrupt Iran's nuclear enrichment facilities and oil infrastructure, while Iranian hackers were reportedly responsible for a cyberattack that crippled the government of Atlanta, Georgia, in 2018 — but chances are you haven't even missed an email despite the ongoing conflict. There is a possibility that Iran could hack the systems controlling America's water treatment plants or power grids — but that would be a far more advanced type of cyberattack than the nation has launched in the past. "It would be a significant escalation in terms of patience, capability, and long-term targeting," Dragos' Principal Adversary Hunter Joe Slowik told MIT Tech Review. Additionally, one of the benefits of attacking an enemy in cyberspace over, say, dropping a bomb on them is that the digital world provides a greater opportunity to disguise the source of the attack. Ideally, you get to hurt your enemy without them knowing you're responsible and retaliating — meaning that if revenge is what Iran is after, a covert cyberattack is unlikely to satisfy. "Taking out a leader like Soleimani is such a grave act, it’s going to warrant a very public response," Chris Meserole, a fellow at the Brookings Institution's Foreign Policy Program, told Wired. "Cyberattacks will allow them to immediately show they won't sit idly by. But I can't imagine it's the sole way they'll respond." READ MORE: What damage could Iran do with a cyber attack? [Sky News] More on cyberattacks: Scientist: Major Cyberattack Could Be as Bad as Nuclear War Share This Article 
In 2011, the Daiichi nuclear power plant in Fukushima experienced one of the worst meltdowns in history — a disaster the area is still reckoning with today. But the Japanese prefecture of almost two million residents wants to leave the disaster behind and come out strong, without relying on nuclear energy for power. Its local government has vowed to supply the region with 100 percent renewable power by 2040, The Guardian reports. It's already locking down major investments. In November, Japanese newspaper Nikkei Asian Review reported that a $2.75 billion project funded in part by the government aims to construct 11 solar and ten wind farms on abandoned farmland and mountainous areas in the prefecture. That project will make only a small dent in the energy production once generated by the Daiichi plant. Estimated output for all the planned solar and wind farms combined is only 600 megawatts — a far cry from the 4,700 megawatts the plant's nuclear reactors were putting out, according to The Verge. But Fukushima is also planning geothermal and biomass power stations in addition to solar and wind power infrastructure, which would also contribute toward its power needs. At the same time, Japan is unlikely to give up on nuclear energy in the near future. Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe has been pushing for more nuclear energy, calling for older reactors to be restarted despite growing opposition. His own cabinet, interestingly, is pushing the other way. Japan's new environment minister called for a scrapping of aging reactors, The Guardian reported in September. The country has a long way to go — if it does decide to follow in Fukushima's footsteps. Only 17.4 percent of energy consumption in Japan came from renewable sources in 2018 according to the Institute for Sustainable Energy Policies. The country still heavily relies on coal and natural gas, and remains the third-largest coal-importing country in the world, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. READ MORE: Fukushima unveils plans to become renewable energy hub [The Guardian] More on Japan: The Elderly in Japan are Using Exoskeletons to Delay Retirement Share This Article 
Astrophysicist Ron Mallett believes he's found a way to travel back in time — theoretically. The tenured University of Connecticut physics professor recently told CNN that he's written a scientific equation that could serve as the foundation for an actual time machine. He's even built a prototype device to illustrate a key component of his theory — though Mallett's peers remain unconvinced that his time machine will ever come to fruition. To understand Mallett's machine, you need to know the basics of Albert Einstein's theory of special relativity, which states that time accelerates or decelerates depending on the speed at which an object is moving. Based on that theory, if a person was in a spaceship traveling near the speed of light, time would pass more slowly for them than it would for someone who remained on Earth. Essentially, the astronaut could zip around space for less than a week, and when they returned to Earth, 10 years would have passed for the people they'd left behind, making it seem to the astronaut like they'd time traveled to the future. But while most physicists accept that skipping forward in time in that way is probably possible, time traveling to the past is a whole other issue — and one Mallett thinks he could solve using lasers. As the astrophysicist explained to CNN, his idea for a time machine hinges upon another Einstein theory, the general theory of relativity. According to that theory, massive objects bend space-time — an effect we perceive as gravity — and the stronger gravity is, the slower time passes. "If you can bend space, there's a possibility of you twisting space," Mallett told CNN. "In Einstein's theory, what we call space also involves time — that's why it's called space time, whatever it is you do to space also happens to time." He believes it's theoretically possible to twist time into a loop that would allow for time travel into the past. He's even built a prototype showing how lasers might help achieve this goal. "By studying the type of gravitational field that was produced by a ring laser," Mallett told CNN, "this could lead to a new way of looking at the possibility of a time machine based on a circulating beam of light." As optimistic as Mallet might be about his work, though, his peers are skeptical that he's on the path to a working time machine. "I don't think [his work is] necessarily going to be fruitful," astrophysicist Paul Sutter told CNN, "because I do think that there are deep flaws in his mathematics and his theory, and so a practical device seems unattainable." Even Mallet concedes that his idea is wholly theoretical at this point. And that even if his time machine does work, he admits, it would have a severe limitation that would prevent anyone from, say, traveling back in time to kill baby Adolf Hitler. "You can send information back," he told CNN, "but you can only send it back to the point at which you turn the machine on." READ MORE: Meet the scientist trying to travel back in time [CNN] More on time travel: Paradox-Free Time Travel Possible With Many Parallel Universes Share This Article 
